the church conference is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members .
the english channel , the irish channel and most of the north sea were dry land , mainly because sea level was approximately 120 m ( 390 ft ) lower than today .
a non-deterministic turing machine is a deterministic turing machine with an added feature of non-determinism , which allows a turing machine to have multiple possible future actions from a given state .
after the miss , manning completed a pair of passes to emmanuel sanders for gains of 25 and 22 yards , setting up mcmanus ' 33-yard field goal that gave the broncos a 16–7 lead .
it is the uk 's largest pay-tv broadcaster with 11 million customers as of 2015. it was the uk 's most popular digital tv service until it was overtaken by freeview in april 2007. its corporate headquarters are based in isleworth .
other than the curriculum led learning , there are also national and public library services led by the kenya national library service ( knls ) .
preschool , which targets children from age three to five , is an integral component of the education system and is a key requirement for admission to standard one ( first grade ) .
as indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation and ecocide , such as in the peruvian amazon indigenous peoples ' rainforest communities continue to disappear , while others , like the urarina continue to struggle to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories .
the river makes a distinctive turn to the north near chur .
each midsummer ’ s eve , apart from the official floating of wreaths , jumping over fires , looking for the fern flower , there are musical performances , dignitaries ' speeches , fairs and fireworks by the river bank .
developing countries with high inequality have " succeeded in initiating growth at high rates for a few years " but " longer growth spells are robustly associated with more equality in the income distribution . "
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
new forms include partnering such as public-private partnering ( ppps ) aka private finance initiatives ( pfis ) and alliances such as " pure " or " project " alliances and " impure " or " strategic " alliances .
he would even have his mother adopt orphans from the conquered tribe , bringing them into his family .
it is expected that the continuous input of sediment into the lake will silt up the lake .
for a long time , it was thought that the amazon rainforest was only ever sparsely populated , as it was impossible to sustain a large population through agriculture given the poor soil .
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram .
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac .
in 1968 during the cultural revolution , red guards destroyed almost everything of value .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
the sexual ethics task force of the united methodist church states that " research shows it [ pornography ] is not an 'innocent activity . '
media commentators had debated whether the figure could be reached as the growth in subscriber numbers elsewhere in europe flattened .
starch is stored in the form of paramylon , which is contained in membrane-bound granules in the cytoplasm of the euglenophyte .
' " [ attribution needed ] because of the resources made available by imperialism , the world 's economy grew significantly and became much more interconnected in the decades before world war i , making the many imperial powers rich and prosperous .
the population of pons aelius at this period was estimated at 2,000. fragments of hadrian 's wall are still visible in parts of newcastle , particularly along the west road .
three more flows carry significant amounts of water : the nieuwe merwede ( " new merwede " ) , which branches off from the southern branch where it changes from boven to beneden merwede ; the oude maas ( " old meuse " ) , which branches off from the southern branch where it changes from beneden merwede into noord , and dordtse kil , which branches off from oude maas .
sudden cabin pressure loss activates chemical oxygen generators above each seat , causing oxygen masks to drop .
many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching , especially for hard-to-fill positions .
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions .
it can require the commission respond to questions and by a two-thirds majority can censure the whole commission ( as happened to the santer commission in 1999 ) .
the fourth was released on 4 october 2010 as a two disc special edition and contained music from the 2008–2010 specials ( the next doctor to end of time part 2 ) .
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) .
kenya is a presidential representative democratic republic .
one of the most important cities in this region is duisburg with the largest river port in europe ( duisport ) .
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire .
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute .
in 2012 the economist intelligence unit ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world .
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare .
these procedures apply to teaching and also to non-teaching posts and those who refuse vetting " can not be appointed or engaged by the school in any capacity including in a voluntary role " .
the increasing use of technology , specifically the rise of the internet over the past decade , has begun to shape the way teachers approach their roles in the classroom .
as well during awake active times , anti-inflammatory molecules , such as cortisol and catecholamines , peak .
some historians have noted that genghis khan instituted certain levels of meritocracy in his rule , was tolerant of religions and explained his policies clearly to all his soldiers .
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas .
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations .
a well known civil rights attorney , francis heisler , had volunteered to defend the arrested persons , advising them to plead " nolo contendere " , as an alternative to pleading either guilty or not-guilty .
in some groups , such as the flat , bottom-dwelling platyctenids , the juveniles behave more like true larvae , as they live among the plankton and thus occupy a different ecological niche from their parents and attain the adult form by a more radical metamorphosis , after dropping to the sea-floor .
in low-light conditions , they will spread out in a sheet—maximizing the surface area to absorb light .
after each election to the scottish parliament , at the beginning of each parliamentary session , parliament elects one msp to serve as presiding officer , the equivalent of the speaker ( currently tricia marwick ) , and two msps to serve as deputies ( currently elaine smith and john scott ) .
liquid oxygen is attracted to a magnet to a sufficient extent that , in laboratory demonstrations , a bridge of liquid oxygen may be supported against its own weight between the poles of a powerful magnet .
the best-known legend , by artur oppman , is that long ago two of triton 's daughters set out on a journey through the depths of the oceans and seas .
the lutheran theologian franz pieper observed that luther 's teaching about the state of the christian 's soul after death differed from the later lutheran theologians such as johann gerhard .
most western countries , and some others , have now banned it , but it remains lawful in the united states following a us supreme court decision in 1977 which held that paddling did not violate the us constitution .
founded in 1968 by the union of the methodist church ( usa ) and the evangelical united brethren church , the umc traces its roots back to the revival movement of john and charles wesley in england as well as the great awakening in the united states .
in the course of the polish-bolshevik war of 1920 , the huge battle of warsaw was fought on the eastern outskirts of the city in which the capital was successfully defended and the red army defeated .
in the mid-1950s , frank burnet , inspired by a suggestion made by niels jerne , formulated the clonal selection theory ( cst ) of immunity .
light bulbs within 100 feet of the lab glowed even when turned off .
the chloroplast membranes sometimes protrude out into the cytoplasm , forming a stromule , or stroma-containing tubule .
there are 3 main bus companies providing services in the city ; arriva north east , go north east and stagecoach north east .
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe .
english chemist john mayow ( 1641–1679 ) refined this work by showing that fire requires only a part of air that he called spiritus nitroaereus or just nitroaereus .
associating forces with vectors avoids such problems .
the lower rhine flows through north rhine-westphalia .
" the islamic state " , formerly known as the " islamic state of iraq and the levant " and before that as the " islamic state of iraq " , ( and called the acronym daesh by its many detractors ) , is a wahhabi/salafi jihadist extremist militant group which is led by and mainly composed of sunni arabs from iraq and syria .
this means commissioners are , through the appointment process , the unelected subordinates of member state governments .
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class .
in a report , published in early february 2007 by the ear institute at the university college london , and widex , a danish hearing aid manufacturer , newcastle was named as the noisiest city in the whole of the uk , with an average level of 80.4 decibels .
southern california contains a mediterranean climate , with infrequent rain and many sunny days .
sherwood boehlert , chairman of the house science committee , said this was a " misguided and illegitimate investigation " apparently aimed at intimidating scientists , and at his request the u.s. national academy of sciences arranged for its national research council to set up a special investigation .
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped .
much of the city 's tax base dissipated , leading to problems with funding education , sanitation , and traffic control within the city limits .
the image of the tardis has become firmly linked to the show in the public 's consciousness ; bbc scriptwriter anthony coburn , who lived in the resort of herne bay , kent , was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine .
most of luxembourg and a very small part of belgium also drain to the rhine via the moselle .
during the oligocene , for example , the rainforest spanned a relatively narrow band .
a pharmacy technician in the uk is considered a health care professional and often does not work under the direct supervision of a pharmacist ( if employed in a hospital pharmacy ) but instead is supervised and managed by other senior pharmacy technicians .
reserved matters are subjects that are outside the legislative competence of the scotland parliament .
their chief role in the series plot , as they frequently remark in their instantly recognisable metallic voices , is to " exterminate " all non-dalek beings .
the wojciech bogusławski theatre ( 1922–26 ) , was the best example of " polish monumental theatre " .
the most recent episodes of the network 's shows are usually made available on watch abc , hulu and abc on demand the day after their original broadcast .
at the end of this speech , luther raised his arm " in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout . "
liquid oxygen may also be produced by condensation out of air , using liquid nitrogen as a coolant .
a series of religious conflicts followed , known as the wars of religion , fought intermittently from 1562 to 1598. the wars finally ended with the granting of the edict of nantes , which granted the huguenots substantial religious , political and military autonomy .
he squished his toes one hundred times for each foot every night , saying that it stimulated his brain cells .
where the laws of member states provide for lesser rights european union law can be enforced by the courts of member states .
one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection is the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet dated c1750 from germany , with especially fine marquetry and ormolu mounts .
teachers are also at high risk for occupational burnout .
economist joseph stiglitz presented evidence in 2009 that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand .
unlike cydippids , the movements of lobates ' combs are coordinated by nerves rather than by water disturbances created by the cilia , yet combs on the same row beat in the same mexican wave style as the mechanically coordinated comb rows of cydippids and beroids .
once successfully completed , " provisional registration " is given by the gtcs which is raised to " full registration " status after a year if there is sufficient evidence to show that the " standard for full registration " has been met .
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach .
firstly , certain costs are difficult to avoid and are shared by everyone , such as the costs of housing , pensions , education and health care .
in 1974 , abc premiered the detective series s.w.a.t .
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach .
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " wir glauben all an einen gott " ( " we all believe in one true god " ) is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism .
throughout its existence , warsaw has been a multi-cultural city .
in 1870 , tesla moved to karlovac , to attend school at the higher real gymnasium , where he was profoundly influenced by a math teacher martin sekulić .
in humans , immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic disease such as severe combined immunodeficiency , acquired conditions such as hiv/aids , or the use of immunosuppressive medication .
in ten years the population of victoria increased sevenfold from 76,000 to 540,000. all sorts of gold records were produced including the " richest shallow alluvial goldfield in the world " and the largest gold nugget .
this rapid development was no doubt hastened by the fresno traction company right-of-way along huntington boulevard , which provided streetcar connections between downtown and the county hospital .
other prominent alumni include anthropologists david graeber and donald johanson , who is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as " lucy " in the afar triangle region , psychologist john b. watson , american psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , communication theorist harold innis , chess grandmaster samuel reshevsky , and conservative international relations scholar and white house coordinator of security planning for the national security council samuel p. huntington .
under the unfair commercial practices directive , the eu harmonised restrictions on restrictions on marketing and advertising , to forbid conduct that distorts average consumer behaviour , is misleading or aggressive , and sets out a list of examples that count as unfair .
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms .
this was the first fumble return touchdown in a super bowl since super bowl xxviii at the end of the 1993 season .
the art deco period is covered by rugs and fabrics designed by marion dorn .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell .
once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed , an occupancy permit may be issued .
the city is the seat of a roman catholic archdiocese ( left bank of the vistula ) and diocese ( right bank ) , and possesses various universities , most notably the polish academy of sciences and the university of warsaw , two opera houses , theatres , museums , libraries and monuments .
only a few common complex biomolecules , such as squalene and the carotenes , contain no oxygen .
these branch through the mesoglea to the most active parts of the animal : the mouth and pharynx ; the roots of the tentacles , if present ; all along the underside of each comb row ; and four branches round the sensory complex at the far end from the mouth – two of these four branches terminate in anal pores .
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai .
at least two textbooks base their descriptions of ctenophores on the cydippid pleurobrachia .
in 2009 , the great internet mersenne prime search project was awarded a us $ 100,000 prize for first discovering a prime with at least 10 million digits .
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression .
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty .
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york .
in hinduism the spiritual teacher is known as a guru , and , in many traditions of hinduism - especially those common in the west - the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high , with gurus often exercising a great deal of control over the lives of their disciples .
hence ctenophores usually swim in the direction in which the mouth is pointing , unlike jellyfish .
jacksonville is the largest city by population in the u.s. state of florida , and the largest city by area in the contiguous united states .
it is perhaps the first modern [ vague ] statement of the principle of nonviolent protest .
the glass collection covers 4000 years of glass making , and has over 6000 items from africa , britain , europe , america and asia .
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland .
a 2000 study found that 42 % of uk teachers experienced occupational stress , twice the figure for the average profession .
however , kublai rejected plans to revive the confucian imperial examinations and divided yuan society into three , later four , classes with the han chinese occupying the lowest rank .
virgin media ( re-branded in 2007 from ntl : telewest ) started to offer a high-definition television ( hdtv ) capable set top box , although from 30 november 2006 until 30 july 2009 it only carried one linear hd channel , bbc hd , after the conclusion of the itv hd trial .
he suffered a peculiar affliction in which blinding flashes of light would appear before his eyes , often accompanied by visions .
luther 's translation used the variant of german spoken at the saxon chancellery , intelligible to both northern and southern germans .
when war broke out , the french used their trading connections to recruit fighters from tribes in western portions of the great lakes region ( an area not directly subject to the conflict between the french and british ) , including the huron , mississauga , ojibwa , winnebago , and potawatomi .
the 1983 20th anniversary special the five doctors had its début on 23 november ( the actual date of the anniversary ) on a number of pbs stations two days prior to its bbc one broadcast .
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . )
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event .
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012. kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip .
in berlin , the huguenots created two new neighbourhoods : dorotheenstadt and friedrichstadt .
this view was instantly controversial , and in the early 1990s three advocate generals persuasively argued that directives should create rights and duties for all citizens .
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) .
the museum of independence preserves patriotic and political objects connected with poland 's struggles for independence .
since approximately 600,000 years ago , six major ice ages have occurred , in which sea level dropped 120 m ( 390 ft ) and much of the continental margins became exposed .
in the same interview , tesla said that he believed that all fundamental laws could be reduced to one .
the theologian johann eck , however , was determined to expose luther 's doctrine in a public forum .
the fee-paying schools are usually run by a religious order , i.e. , the society of jesus or congregation of christian brothers , etc .
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
more specifically , the double bond is the result of sequential , low-to-high energy , or aufbau , filling of orbitals , and the resulting cancellation of contributions from the 2s electrons , after sequential filling of the low σ and σ* orbitals ; σ overlap of the two atomic 2p orbitals that lie along the o-o molecular axis and π overlap of two pairs of atomic 2p orbitals perpendicular to the o-o molecular axis , and then cancellation of contributions from the remaining two of the six 2p electrons after their partial filling of the lowest π and π* orbitals .
they escorted luther to the security of the wartburg castle at eisenach .
newcastlegateshead , a festival of food and drink , runs for 2 weeks each year in mid june .
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959. the series went on to quickly become " immensely popular " .
han chinese were moved to central asian areas like besh baliq , almaliq , and samarqand by the mongols where they worked as artisans and farmers .
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
shortly after the conquest , cyprus was sold to the knights templar and it was subsequently acquired , in 1192 , by guy de lusignan and became a stable feudal kingdom .
the weavers , a half-timbered house by the river , was the site of a weaving school from the late 16th century to about 1830 .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
highly combustible materials that leave little residue , such as wood or coal , were thought to be made mostly of phlogiston ; whereas non-combustible substances that corrode , such as iron , contained very little .
during 1942 , pinedale , in what is now north fresno , was the site of the pinedale assembly center , an interim facility for the relocation of fresno area japanese americans to internment camps .
[ citation needed ] his lab was torn down in 1904 , and its contents were sold two years later to satisfy a debt .
the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years was dudley simpson , who is also well known for his theme and incidental music for blake 's 7 , and for his haunting theme music and score for the original 1970s version of the tomorrow people .
granal thylakoids are pancake-shaped circular disks about 300–600 nanometers in diameter .
northern rail provides local and regional services .
a norman named oursel led a force of " franks " into the upper euphrates valley in northern syria .
in 1964 all 15 of duval county 's public high schools lost their accreditation .
doctor who follows the adventures of the primary character , a rogue time lord from the planet gallifrey , who simply goes by the name " the doctor " .
tension forces can be modeled using ideal strings that are massless , frictionless , unbreakable , and unstretchable .
johannes wallmann argues that luther 's writings against the jews were largely ignored in the 18th and 19th centuries , and that there was no continuity between luther 's thought and nazi ideology .
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent .
during that year , tesla taught a large class of students in his old school , higher real gymnasium , in gospić .
justifying grace or accepting grace is that grace , offered by god to all people , that we receive by faith and trust in christ , through which god pardons the believer of sin .
they cling to and creep on surfaces by everting the pharynx and using it as a muscular " foot " .
pyrenoids can divide to form new pyrenoids , or be produced " de novo " .
the black death is thought to have originated in the arid plains of central asia , where it then travelled along the silk road , reaching crimea by 1343. from there , it was most likely carried by oriental rat fleas living on the black rats that were regular passengers on merchant ships .
the country of australia serves as a case study in relation to british settlement and colonial rule of the continent in the eighteenth century , as it was premised on terra nullius , and its settlers considered it unused by its sparse aboriginal inhabitants .
islamist movements such as the muslim brotherhood , " are well known for providing shelters , educational assistance , free or low cost medical clinics , housing assistance to students from out of town , student advisory groups , facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands , legal assistance , sports facilities , and women 's groups . "
legislative power is vested in both the government and the national assembly and the senate .
these baptized members become professing members through confirmation and sometimes the profession of faith .
government funding for religious schools is either subject to restrictions or possibly forbidden , according to the courts ' interpretation of the establishment clause of the first amendment or individual state blaine amendments .
the teacher may interact with students of different ages , from infants to adults , students with different abilities and students with learning disabilities .
as northwest europe slowly began to warm up from 22,000 years ago onward , frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers began to thaw and fall-winter snow covers melted in spring .
on april 2 , 2009 , citadel communications announced that it would rebrand abc radio as citadel media ; however , abc news continued to provide news content for citadel .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
the catholic church in france and many of its members opposed the huguenots .
the party with the highest quotient is awarded the seat , which is then added to its constituency seats in allocating the second seat .
the strongest effect on jacksonville was from hurricane dora in 1964 , the only recorded storm to hit the first coast with sustained hurricane-force winds .
hobson argued that domestic social reforms could cure the international disease of imperialism by removing its economic foundation .
in aristotle 's view , the terrestrial sphere contained four elements that come to rest at different " natural places " therein .
toghrul , as temüjin 's patron , was exiled to the qara khitai .
the history of the steam engine stretches back as far as the first century ad ; the first recorded rudimentary steam engine being the aeolipile described by greek mathematician hero of alexandria .
many major classes of organic molecules in living organisms , such as proteins , nucleic acids , carbohydrates , and fats , contain oxygen , as do the major inorganic compounds that are constituents of animal shells , teeth , and bone .
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation .
one of the most important cities in this region is duisburg with the largest river port in europe ( duisport ) .
due to an fcc ban on same-market ownership of television and radio stations by a single company ( although the deal would have otherwise complied with new ownership rules implemented by the fcc in january 1985 , that allowed broadcasters to own a maximum of 12 television stations ) , abc and capital cities respectively decided to sell wxyz-tv and tampa independent station wfts-tv to the e. w. scripps company ( although capital cities/abc originally intended to seek a cross-ownership waiver to retain wxyz and capital cities-owned radio stations wjr and whyt ) .
article 65 of the agreement banned cartels and article 66 made provisions for concentrations , or mergers , and the abuse of a dominant position by companies .
on july 31 , 1995 , the walt disney company announced an agreement to merge with capital cities/abc for $ 19 billion .
after jazdów was raided by nearby clans and dukes , a new similar settlement was established on the site of a small fishing village called warszowa .
the ideal thermodynamic cycle used to analyze this process is called the rankine cycle .
they must report and reapply annually ; and they must complete at least one advanced course every three years .
the french monk marin mersenne looked at primes of the form 2p − 1 , with p a prime .
the earth 's mantle , of much larger mass than the crust , is largely composed of silicates of magnesium and iron .
the historian francis aidan gasquet wrote about the 'great pestilence ' in 1893 and suggested that " it would appear to be some form of the ordinary eastern or bubonic plague " .
seasonal rainfall is concentrated in the warmest months from may through september , while the driest months are from november through april .
tesla was renowned for his achievements and showmanship , eventually earning him a reputation in popular culture as an archetypal " mad scientist " .
's 1970 survey of 4,745 north american lutherans aged 15–65 found that , compared to the other minority groups under consideration , lutherans were the least prejudiced toward jews .
kqtv is licensed to st. joseph , missouri , which is designated by nielsen as a separate market from kansas city despite being located within 55 miles ( 89 km ) of one another , while wwsb and wotv serve areas that do not receive an adequate signal from their market 's primary abc affiliate ( in the case of wwsb , this dates back to when wtsp was tampa 's primary abc affiliate prior to 1994 , with the former being necessitated to serve the southern part of the tampa market including the station 's city of license , sarasota , due to wtsp 's transmitter being short-spaced to avoid interfering with the analog signal of miami affiliate wplg – which like wtsp , broadcast on vhf channel 10 ) .
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines .
it offered a classic curriculum on the english university model—​​many leaders in the colony had attended the university of cambridge—​​but conformed puritanism .
exceptional examples of the bourgeois architecture of the later periods were not restored by the communist authorities after the war ( like mentioned kronenberg palace and insurance company rosja building ) or they were rebuilt in socialist realism style ( like warsaw philharmony edifice originally inspired by palais garnier in paris ) .
the different islamist movements have been described as " oscillating between two poles " : at one end is a strategy of islamization of society through state power seized by revolution or invasion ; at the other " reformist " pole islamists work to islamize society gradually " from the bottom up " .
defensive ends derek wolfe and malik jackson each had 5½ sacks .
the owner produces a list of requirements for a project , giving an overall view of the project 's goals .
tesla could be harsh at times and openly expressed disgust for overweight people , such as when he fired a secretary because of her weight .
the university experienced its share of student unrest during the 1960s , beginning in 1962 , when students occupied president george beadle 's office in a protest over the university 's off-campus rental policies .
" :245 there were unsubstantiated rumors at the time that tesla and/or edison had refused the prize .
a 1964 msc study concluded , " the lm [ as lifeboat ] ... was finally dropped , because no single reasonable csm failure could be identified that would prohibit use of the sps . "
it was proposed that these channels would offer a range of content from the bskyb portfolio including sport ( including english premier league football ) , films , entertainment and news .
tesla was raised an orthodox christian .
another example of the richness of the zeta function and a glimpse of modern algebraic number theory is the following identity ( basel problem ) , due to euler ,
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population .
ms kücükdeveci worked for 10 years , from age 18 to 28 , for swedex gmbh & co kg before her dismissal .
the rest of the earth 's crust is also made of oxygen compounds , in particular various complex silicates ( in silicate minerals ) .
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain .
the merger between abc and capital cities received federal approval on september 5 , 1985. after the abc/capital cities merger was finalized on january 3 , 1986 , the combined company – which became known as capital cities/abc , inc. – added four television stations ( wpvi-tv/philadelphia , ktrk-tv/houston , kfsn-tv/fresno and wtvd/raleigh ) and several radio stations to abc 's broadcasting portfolio , and also included fairchild publications and four newspapers ( including the kansas city star and fort worth star-telegram ) .
in 1807 , maclure commenced the self-imposed task of making a geological survey of the united states .
there are hints in the surviving records of the ancient egyptians that they had some knowledge of prime numbers : the egyptian fraction expansions in the rhind papyrus , for instance , have quite different forms for primes and for composites .
for example , the suspect may need to decide whether or not to grant a consent search of his property , and whether or not to talk to police officers .
among his books are my inventions : the autobiography of nikola tesla , compiled and edited by ben johnston ; the fantastic inventions of nikola tesla , compiled and edited by david hatcher childress ; and the tesla papers .
by contrast , the vast majority of the population is dependent on income in the form of a wage or salary .
due to its energy content , o2 is used by complex forms of life , such as animals , in cellular respiration ( see biological role ) .
the official opening by queen victoria was on 22 june 1857. in the following year , late night openings were introduced , made possible by the use of gas lighting .
much of jacksonville 's filipino community served in or has ties to the united states navy .
to recognize the differences of companies in this sector , it is divided into three subsectors : building construction , heavy and civil engineering construction , and specialty trade contractors .
cameron congratulated the snp on their victory but vowed to campaign for the union in the independence referendum .
for many native populations , the elimination of french power in north america meant the disappearance of a strong ally and counterweight to british expansion , leading to their ultimate dispossession .
for i acknowledge none of them to be really a book of mine , except perhaps the bondage of the will and the catechism . "
one of the principal advantages the rankine cycle holds over others is that during the compression stage relatively little work is required to drive the pump , the working fluid being in its liquid phase at this point .
to derive equal work from lower-pressure steam requires a larger cylinder volume as this steam occupies a greater volume .
a pharmacy technician in the uk is considered a health care professional and often does not work under the direct supervision of a pharmacist ( if employed in a hospital pharmacy ) but instead is supervised and managed by other senior pharmacy technicians .
the panthers line also featured veteran defensive end jared allen , a 5-time pro bowler who was the nfl 's active career sack leader with 136 , along with defensive end kony ealy , who had 5 sacks in just 9 starts .
a greedy merchant also heard her songs ; he followed the fishermen and captured the mermaid .
kearney park is the largest of the fresno region 's park system and is home to historic kearney mansion and plays host to the annual civil war revisited , the largest reenactment of the civil war in the west coast of the u.s .
the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages ( including karlodinium and karenia ) lost their original red algal derived chloroplast , and replaced it with a new chloroplast derived from a haptophyte endosymbiont .
in honor of the occasion , then-mayor hans tanzler posed with actress lee meredith behind a sign marking the new border of the " bold new city of the south " at florida 13 and julington creek .
the port developed in the 16th century and , along with the shipyards lower down the river tyne , was amongst the world 's largest shipbuilding and ship-repairing centres .
in 1934 , mutual filed a complaint with the federal communications commission ( fcc ) regarding its difficulties in establishing new stations , in a radio market that was already being saturated by nbc and cbs .
their use in agriculture led to an increase in the land available for cultivation .
islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect islam , while the contrary idea that islam is , or can be , apolitical is an error .
this rivalry , though , is put aside every two years when the harvard and yale track and field teams come together to compete against a combined oxford university and cambridge university team , a competition that is the oldest continuous international amateur competition in the world .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) .
from each balancer in the statocyst a ciliary groove runs out under the dome and then splits to connect with two adjacent comb rows , and in some species runs all the way along the comb rows .
according to economists david castells-quintana and vicente royuela , increasing inequality harms economic growth .
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) .
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
it was believed that a certain person 's behaviours were determined by the environment in which they lived and thus validated their domination .
included in its provisions was the reservation of lands west of the appalachian mountains to its indian population , a demarcation that was at best a temporary impediment to a rising tide of westward-bound settlers .
internet2 is a not-for-profit united states computer networking consortium led by members from the research and education communities , industry , and government .
decompression sickness occurs in divers who decompress too quickly after a dive , resulting in bubbles of inert gas , mostly nitrogen and helium , forming in their blood .
teachers are expected to respect their students ; sarcasm and attempts to humiliate pupils are seen as falling outside of what constitutes reasonable discipline .
it was not until the late 1950s that the abc network became a serious contender to nbc and cbs , and this was in large part due to the diverse range of programming that met the expectations of the public , such as westerns and detective series .
the broncos took an early lead in super bowl 50 and never trailed .
however , as one and the same valve usually controls both steam flows , a short cutoff at admission adversely affects the exhaust and compression periods which should ideally always be kept fairly constant ; if the exhaust event is too brief , the totality of the exhaust steam can not evacuate the cylinder , choking it and giving excessive compression ( " kick back " ) .
newcastle is a member of the english core cities group and is a member of the eurocities network of european cities .
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
fraud is a problem in many fields , but is notoriously prevalent in the construction field .
politically , victoria has 37 seats in the australian house of representatives and 12 seats in the australian senate .
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac .
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching .
in 1523 , luther advised kindness toward the jews in that jesus christ was born a jew and also aimed to convert them to christianity .
colonel monckton , in the sole british success that year , captured fort beauséjour in june 1755 , cutting the french fortress at louisbourg off from land-based reinforcements .
victoria is australia 's most densely populated state and its second-most populous state overall .
from 1525 to 1529 , he established a supervisory church body , laid down a new form of worship service , and wrote a clear summary of the new faith in the form of two catechisms .
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals .
as of march 2015 [ update ] , it had control over territory occupied by ten million people in iraq and syria , and has nominal control over small areas of libya , nigeria and afghanistan .
some forms of civil disobedience , such as illegal boycotts , refusals to pay taxes , draft dodging , distributed denial-of-service attacks , and sit-ins , make it more difficult for a system to function .
one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air was conducted by the 2nd century bce greek writer on mechanics , philo of byzantium .
from italy , the disease spread northwest across europe , striking france , spain , portugal and england by june 1348 , then turned and spread east through germany and scandinavia from 1348 to 1350. it was introduced in norway in 1349 when a ship landed at askøy , then spread to bjørgvin ( modern bergen ) and iceland .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
christopher j. probst in his book demonizing the jews : luther and the protestant church in nazi germany ( 2012 ) , shows that a large number of german lutheran clergy and theologians during the nazi third reich used luther 's hostile publications towards the jews and their jewish religion to justify at least in part the anti-semitic policies of the national socialists .
other arguments include the lack of accounts of the death of rats before outbreaks of plague between the 14th and 17th centuries ; temperatures that are too cold in northern europe for the survival of fleas ; that , despite primitive transport systems , the spread of the black death was much faster than that of modern bubonic plague ; that mortality rates of the black death appear to be very high ; that , while modern bubonic plague is largely endemic as a rural disease , the black death indiscriminately struck urban and rural areas ; and that the pattern of the black death , with major outbreaks in the same areas separated by 5 to 15 years , differs from modern bubonic plague—which often becomes endemic for decades with annual flare-ups .
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 .
likewise each deacon in full connection is a member of their annual conference order of deacons .
following the peterloo massacre of 1819 , poet percy shelley wrote the political poem the mask of anarchy later that year , that begins with the images of what he thought to be the unjust forms of authority of his time—and then imagines the stirrings of a new form of social action .
the new package included four channels formerly available free-to-air , broadcasting on astra 's satellites , as well as introducing new channels .
such forces act perpendicular to the velocity vector associated with the motion of an object , and therefore do not change the speed of the object ( magnitude of the velocity ) , but only the direction of the velocity vector .
over time , the cyanobacterium was assimilated , and many of its genes were lost or transferred to the nucleus of the host .
the name fresno means " ash tree " in spanish , and an ash leaf is featured on the city 's flag .
in 1562 , naval officer jean ribault led an expedition that explored florida and the present-day southeastern u.s. , and founded the outpost of charlesfort on parris island , south carolina .
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship .
english is widely spoken in commerce , schooling and government .
according to johnson , smeeding , and tory , consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986. the debate is summarized in " the hidden prosperity of the poor " by journalist thomas b. edsall .
gasquet ( 1908 ) claimed that the latin name atra mors ( black death ) for the 14th-century epidemic first appeared in modern times in 1631 in a book on danish history by j.i . pontanus : " vulgo & ab effectu atram mortem vocatibant .
a flaw with this test is that there are some composite numbers ( the carmichael numbers ) that satisfy the fermat identity even though they are not prime , so the test has no way of distinguishing between prime numbers and carmichael numbers .
they judge that global mean surface air temperature has increased by 0.3 to 0.6 °c over the last 100 years , broadly consistent with prediction of climate models , but also of the same magnitude as natural climate variability .
kilbrandon published his report in 1973 recommending the establishment of a directly elected scottish assembly to legislate for the majority of domestic scottish affairs .
in foster v british gas plc the court of justice held that mrs foster was entitled to bring a sex discrimination claim against her employer , british gas plc , which made women retire at age 60 and men at 65 , if ( 1 ) pursuant to a state measure , ( 2 ) it provided a public service , and ( 3 ) had special powers .
soon after , much of tesla 's early research—hundreds of invention models , plans , notes , laboratory data , tools , photographs , valued at $ 50,000—was lost in the 5th avenue laboratory fire of march 1895. tesla is quoted by the new york times as saying , " i am in too much grief to talk .
for instance , the biggest school chain , kunskapsskolan ( “ the knowledge school ” ) , offers 30 schools and a web-based environment , has 700 employees and teaches nearly 10,000 pupils .
stratigraphers can then use these data to reconstruct ancient processes occurring on the surface of the earth , interpret past environments , and locate areas for water , coal , and hydrocarbon extraction .
in 2010 , a further such appearance featured matt smith as the eleventh doctor alongside former companion actress katy manning reprising her role as jo grant .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
by the 6th century , the rhine was within the borders of francia .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
despite a significant increase in viewership ( with its audience share having increased to 33 % from the 15 % share it had in 1953 ) , abc remained in third place ; the company had a total revenue of $ 15.5 million , a third of the revenue pulled in by cbs at the same period .
many complexity classes are defined using the concept of a reduction .
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . "
until the oil shock , the price had also remained fairly stable versus other currencies and commodities .
in traditional historiography of china , on the other hand , the yuan dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the song dynasty and the ming dynasty .
there are also estimated to be between 500 and 2,000 bolivians in newcastle , forming up to 1 % of the population—the largest such percentage of any uk city .
as organisms exist at the same time period throughout the world , their presence or ( sometimes ) absence may be used to provide a relative age of the formations in which they are found .
today , the umc is generally considered one of the more moderate and tolerant denominations with respect to race , gender , and ideology , though the denomination itself actually includes a very wide spectrum of attitudes .
the 73 scottish parliament constituencies shared the same boundaries as the uk parliament constituencies in scotland , prior to the 2005 reduction in the number of scottish mps , with the exception of orkney and shetland which each return their own constituency msp .
one of his successful projects was to finish the long-stalled official histories of the liao , jin , and song dynasties , which were eventually completed in 1345. yet , toghtogha resigned his office with the approval of toghun temür , marking the end of his first administration , and he was not called back until 1349 .
there are over 100 different species of trees and the avenues are a place to sit and relax .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
along with advancements in communication , europe also continued to advance in military technology .
johnson responded approximately one week later , concluding that " we are neither making maximum effort nor achieving results necessary if this country is to reach a position of leadership . "
although military spending cutbacks have had an impact , aerospace continues to be a major factor .
if the answer is yes , many important problems can be shown to have more efficient solutions .
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe .
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . "
also , some civil disobedients seek to use the arrest as an opportunity to make an impression on the officers .
started by telecom australia in the early 1980s , austpac was australia 's first public packet-switched data network , supporting applications such as on-line betting , financial applications — the australian tax office made use of austpac — and remote terminal access to academic institutions , who maintained their connections to austpac up until the mid-late 1990s in some cases .
pharmacists in this area are trained to participate in medication management system development , deployment and optimization .
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
when the double expansion group is duplicated , producing a 4-cylinder compound , the individual pistons within the group are usually balanced at 180° , the groups being set at 90° to each other .
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits .
in the united kingdom , bbc radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will carry the contest .
such questions spurred the development of various branches of number theory , focusing on analytic or algebraic aspects of numbers .
gas turbines , for instance , have turbine entry temperatures approaching 1500 °c .
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls .
aristotle provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force as an integral part of aristotelian cosmology .
he was made to wake at four every morning for what has been described as " a day of rote learning and often wearying spiritual exercises . "
neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor , capital and land .
to catch up , abc followed up the flintstones with another animated series from hanna-barbera , the jetsons , which debuted on september 23 , 1962 as the first television series to be broadcast in color on the network .
in all , 97 of 253 episodes produced during the first six years of the programme are not held in the bbc 's archives ( most notably seasons 3 , 4 , & 5 , from which 79 episodes are missing ) .
the personal representative of the queen of australia in the state is the governor of victoria , currently linda dessau .
the neoclassical architecture in warsaw can be described by the simplicity of the geometrical forms teamed with a great inspiration from the roman period .
in economics , the university has played an important role in shaping ideas about the free market and is the namesake of the chicago school of economics , the school of economic thought supported by milton friedman and other economists .
in response to demands for a german liturgy , luther wrote a german mass , which he published in early 1526. he did not intend it as a replacement for his 1523 adaptation of the latin mass but as an alternative for the " simple people " , a " public stimulation for people to believe and become christians . "
the great distances and the nature of what tesla was detecting from lightning storms confirmed his belief that the earth had a resonant frequency .
another factor in the early 1990s that worked to radicalize the islamist movement was the gulf war , which brought several hundred thousand us and allied non-muslim military personnel to saudi arabian soil to put an end to saddam hussein 's occupation of kuwait .
the theologians , including zwingli , melanchthon , martin bucer , and johannes oecolampadius , differed on the significance of the words spoken by jesus at the last supper : " this is my body which is for you " and " this cup is the new covenant in my blood " ( 1 corinthians 11:23–26 ) .
public schools , also known as state or government schools , are funded and run directly by the victoria department of education .
in case of a shared physical medium ( such as radio or 10base5 ) , the packets may be delivered according to a multiple access scheme .
this means that the reduction process takes polynomial time .
this was subsequently followed by more astra satellites as well as eutelsat 's eurobird 1 ( now eutelsat 33c ) at 28.5°e ) , enabled the company to launch a new all-digital service , sky , with the potential to carry hundreds of television and radio channels .
in the 1990s , rankine steam cycles generated about 90 % of all electric power used throughout the world , including virtually all solar , biomass , coal and nuclear power plants .
the results of his unaided labours were submitted to the american philosophical society in a memoir entitled observations on the geology of the united states explanatory of a geological map , and published in the society 's transactions , together with the nation 's first geological map .
at the time of its formation , the umc had about 11 million members in nearly 42,000 congregations .
ögedei was seen by genghis khan as dependable in character and relatively stable and down to earth and would be a neutral candidate and might defuse the situation between his brothers .
the most ambitious plan called for using an empty s-ivb as an interplanetary spacecraft for a venus fly-by mission .
teachers may provide instruction in literacy and numeracy , craftsmanship or vocational training , the arts , religion , civics , community roles , or life skills .
among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are ( where " r " is an organic group ) : alcohols ( r-oh ) ; ethers ( r-o-r ) ; ketones ( r-co-r ) ; aldehydes ( r-co-h ) ; carboxylic acids ( r-cooh ) ; esters ( r-coo-r ) ; acid anhydrides ( r-co-o-co-r ) ; and amides ( r-c ( o ) -nr 2 ) .
of particular concern with internet pharmacies is the ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship .
southern california 's population encompasses seven metropolitan areas , or msas : the los angeles metropolitan area , consisting of los angeles and orange counties ; the inland empire , consisting of riverside and san bernardino counties ; the san diego metropolitan area ; the oxnard–thousand oaks–ventura metropolitan area ; the santa barbara metro area ; the san luis obispo metropolitan area ; and the el centro area .
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands .
constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit the owner .
the american automobile association reported that in the last week of february 1974 , 20 % of american gasoline stations had no fuel .
in the more spiritual or mystical islamic tradition of sufism , the position of spiritual teacher and an esoteric ( as opposed to exoteric , or actions-oriented , e.g .
these stretched rocks can also pinch into lenses , known as boudins , after the french word for " sausage " , because of their visual similarity .
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney .
the chloroplast is known to make the precursors to methionine but it is unclear whether the organelle carries out the last leg of the pathway or if it happens in the cytosol .
rugby is also a growing sport in southern california , particularly at the high school level , with increasing numbers of schools adding rugby as an official school sport .
president grover cleveland attended the sub-tropical exposition in the city on february 22 , 1888 during his trip to florida .
four of the sororities are members of the national panhellenic conference , and ten of the fraternities form the university of chicago interfraternity council .
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market .
in many poor and developing countries much land and housing is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system .
the european court of justice is the highest court able to interpret european union law .
he received congratulatory letters from more than 70 pioneers in science and engineering , including albert einstein .
six soundtrack releases have been released since 2005. the first featured tracks from the first two series , the second and third featured music from the third and fourth series respectively .
in addition to certification , many educational institutions especially within the us , require that prospective teachers pass a background check and psychiatric evaluation to be able to teach in classroom .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
in 1749 the british government gave land to the ohio company of virginia for the purpose of developing trade and settlements in the ohio country .
the mid 1890s saw the conglomerate general electric , backed by financier j. p. morgan , involved in takeover attempts and patent battles with westinghouse electric .
deformational events are often also associated with volcanism and igneous activity .
montpellier was among the most important of the 66 " villes de sûreté " that the edict of 1598 granted to the huguenots .
davies is credited with coining the modern name packet switching and inspiring numerous packet switching networks in europe in the decade following , including the incorporation of the concept in the early arpanet in the united states .
the further decline of byzantine state-of-affairs paved the road to a third attack in 1185 , when a large norman army invaded dyrrachium , owing to the betrayal of high byzantine officials .
the bbc was given the highlights of most of the matches , while bskyb paying £304m for the premier league rights , would give them a monopoly of all live matches , up to 60 per year from the 1992 season .
in 1891 scottish chemist james dewar was able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study .
they spread a unique romanesque idiom to england and italy , and the encastellation of these regions with keeps in their north french style fundamentally altered the military landscape .
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall .
outlaws ravaged the country without interference from the weakening yuan armies .
for example , joseph haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the lebanon , new hampshire city councilors stating , " wise up or die . "
during reconstruction and the gilded age , jacksonville and nearby st. augustine became popular winter resorts for the rich and famous .
the people of samarkand were ordered to evacuate and assemble in a plain outside the city , where they were killed and pyramids of severed heads raised as a symbol of victory .
since agoa took effect in 2000 , kenya 's clothing sales to the united states increased from us $ 44 million to us $ 270 million ( 2006 ) .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences .
reporters treated it as a sensational story and jumped to the conclusion tesla was hearing signals from mars .
the old four-note theme tune is still used by abc on demand to the beginning of the abc show .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction .
in 1881 , tesla moved to budapest to work under ferenc puskás at a telegraph company , the budapest telephone exchange .
as a result , abc was forced to sell all of its interests in international networks , mainly in japan and latin america , in the 1970s .
" bairn " and " hyem " , meaning " child " and " home " , respectively , are examples of geordie words with origins in scandinavia ; barn and hjem are the corresponding modern norwegian and danish words .
an old , ill man can not earn as much as a healthy young man ; gender roles and customs may prevent a woman from receiving an education or working outside the home .
71 % of its imported oil came from the middle east in 1970. on november 7 , 1973 , the saudi and kuwaiti governments declared japan a " nonfriendly " country to encourage it to change its noninvolvement policy .
there is also a civil service tribunal to deal with eu staff issues , and then a separate court of auditors .
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment .
a new development in the ouseburn valley has recreated them ; architects cany ash and robert sakula were attracted by the possibilities of high density without building high and getting rid of common areas .
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime .
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools .
luther 's other major works on the jews were his 60,000-word treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) , and vom schem hamphoras und vom geschlecht christi ( on the holy name and the lineage of christ ) , both published in 1543 , three years before his death .
after allying himself with croatia and the catholic cities of dalmatia , in 1081 he led an army of 30,000 men in 300 ships landing on the southern shores of albania , capturing valona , kanina , jericho ( orikumi ) , and reaching butrint after numerous pillages .
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties .
bypassing the nasa hierarchy , he sent a series of memos and reports on the issue to associate administrator robert seamans ; while acknowledging that he spoke " somewhat as a voice in the wilderness , " houbolt pleaded that lor should not be discounted in studies of the question .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
modern scholars refer to the alleged policy of encouraging trade and communication as the pax mongolica ( mongol peace ) .
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
the emerging field of bioinformatics-based studies of immunogenicity is referred to as immunoinformatics .
construction is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure .
the number of chloroplasts per cell varies from 1 in algae up to 100 in plants like arabidopsis and wheat .
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower .
the river makes a distinctive turn to the north near chur .
the loc included launch complex 39 , a launch control center , and a 130 million cubic foot ( 3.7 million cubic meter ) vertical assembly building ( vab ) in which the space vehicle ( launch vehicle and spacecraft ) would be assembled on a mobile launcher platform and then moved by a transporter to one of several launch pads .
september 1994 saw the debut of nypd blue , a gritty police procedural from steven bochco ( who created doogie howser , m.d .
decnet is a suite of network protocols created by digital equipment corporation , originally released in 1975 in order to connect two pdp-11 minicomputers .
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations ( broadcasting either in analog or digital ) in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama ( wbma-ld ) , lima , ohio ( wlqp-lp ) and south bend , indiana ( wbnd-ld ) .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
john schmitt and ben zipperer ( 2006 ) of the cepr point to economic liberalism and the reduction of business regulation along with the decline of union membership as one of the causes of economic inequality .
itv tyne tees was based at city road for over 40 years after its launch in january 1959. in 2005 it moved to a new facility on the watermark business park next to the metrocentre in gateshead .
several of the proposed routes would require trams as opposed to the current light rail trains .
mandatory committees are committees which are set down under the scottish parliament 's standing orders , which govern their remits and proceedings .
the command module ( cm ) was the conical crew cabin , designed to carry three astronauts from launch to lunar orbit and back to an earth ocean landing .
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students .
the main passenger rail station is the recently renovated historic santa fe railroad depot in downtown fresno .
the panthers seemed primed to score on their opening drive of the second half when newton completed a 45-yard pass to ted ginn jr. on the denver 35-yard line on their second offensive play .
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york .
fossils found in kenya suggest that primates roamed the area more than 20 million years ago .
the centre-left australian labor party ( alp ) , the centre-right liberal party of australia , the rural-based national party of australia , and the environmentalist australian greens are victoria 's main political parties .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
from 2006 garda vetting has been introduced for new entrants to the teaching profession .
though luther saw the muslim faith as a tool of the devil , he was indifferent to its practice : " let the turk believe and live as he will , just as one lets the papacy and other false christians live . "
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey .
after compiling intelligence from many sources genghis khan carefully prepared his army , which was divided into three groups .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
in honor of the occasion , then-mayor hans tanzler posed with actress lee meredith behind a sign marking the new border of the " bold new city of the south " at florida 13 and julington creek .
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) .
some civil disobedients feel it is incumbent upon them to accept punishment because of their belief in the validity of the social contract , which is held to bind all to obey the laws that a government meeting certain standards of legitimacy has established , or else suffer the penalties set out in the law .
for many geologic applications , isotope ratios of radioactive elements are measured in minerals that give the amount of time that has passed since a rock passed through its particular closure temperature , the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice .
for the first billion years , any free oxygen produced by these organisms combined with dissolved iron in the oceans to form banded iron formations .
u.s. defense secretary robert gates called for establishing something similar to the defunct u.s. information agency , which was charged with undermining the communist ideology during the cold war .
for example , a significant number of students all over wales are educated either wholly or largely through the medium of welsh : in 2008/09 , 22 per cent of classes in maintained primary schools used welsh as the sole or main medium of instruction .
sayyid abul ala maududi was an important early twentieth-century figure in the islamic revival in india , and then after independence from britain , in pakistan .
on august 29 , 1994 , abc purchased flint , michigan affiliate wjrt-tv and wtvg in toledo , ohio ( which was previously affiliated with abc from 1958 to 1970 ) from sjl broadcast management , with the latter switching to abc once its contract with nbc expired two months after the purchase was finalized in early 1995. both stations were acquired as a contingency plan in the event that cbs reached an affiliation deal with wxyz-tv ( to replace wjbk , which switched to fox as a result of that network 's group affiliation agreement with new world communications ) in order to allow the network to retain some over-the-air presence in the detroit market ( the e.w .
tesla published the document in an attempt to expound on the technical description of a " superweapon that would put an end to all war . "
in the uk , a report for a house of lords committee asked to urge the ipcc to involve better assessments of costs and benefits of climate change but the stern review ordered by the uk government made a stronger argument in favor to combat human-made climate change .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
however , there are several rather significant developments with regards to curbing corruption from the kenyan government , for instance , the establishment of a new and independent ethics and anti-corruption commission ( eacc ) .
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt .
in 1988 the band the justified ancients of mu mu ( later known as the klf ) released the single " doctorin ' the tardis " under the name the timelords , which reached no .
in 1940 , the census bureau reported fresno 's population as 94.0 % white , 3.3 % black and 2.7 % asian .
phycobilins are a third group of pigments found in cyanobacteria , and glaucophyte , red algal , and cryptophyte chloroplasts .
hobson theorized that state intervention through taxation could boost broader consumption , create wealth , and encourage a peaceful , tolerant , multipolar world order .
[ citation needed ] although imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years , the term " age of imperialism " generally refers to the activities of european powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century , for example , the " the great game " in persian lands , the " scramble for africa " and the " open door policy " in china .
queen elizabeth ii opened the new building on 9 october 2004 .
the latin translation de materia medica ( concerning medical substances ) was used a basis for many medieval texts , and was built upon by many middle eastern scientists during the islamic golden age .
there , in october 1518 , under questioning by papal legate cardinal cajetan luther stated that he did not consider the papacy part of the biblical church because historistical interpretation of bible prophecy concluded that the papacy was the antichrist .
in august 1917 , tesla explained what had happened in the electrical experimenter : " as an example of what has been done with several hundred kilowatts of high frequency energy liberated , it was found that the dynamos in a power house six miles away were repeatedly burned out , due to the powerful high frequency currents set up in them , and which caused heavy sparks to jump through the windings and destroy the insulation ! "
one of the great geographical treatises of the middle ages , the " tabula rogeriana " , was written by the andalusian al-idrisi for king roger ii of sicily , and entitled " kitab rudjdjar " ( " the book of roger " ) .
it describes an open-ended vacuum tube with a gas jet seal that allows particles to exit , a method of charging particles to millions of volts , and a method of creating and directing non-dispersive particle streams ( through electrostatic repulsion ) .
annual tuition fees at k-12 schools range from nothing at so called 'tuition-free ' schools to more than $ 45,000 at several new england preparatory schools .
he also noted that the tin had increased in weight and that increase was the same as the weight of the air that rushed back in .
the buildings of the main quadrangles were designed by cobb , shepley , rutan and coolidge , holabird & roche , and other architectural firms in a mixture of the victorian gothic and collegiate gothic styles , patterned on the colleges of the university of oxford .
mcmanus made all four of his field goals , making him perfect on all 11 attempts during the post-season .
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman .
with the establishment of trading posts in india , the british were able to maintain strength relative to others empires such as the portuguese who already had set up trading posts in india .
in 2004 , declassified documents revealed that the u.s. was so distraught by the rise in oil prices and being challenged by under-developed countries that they briefly considered military action to forcibly seize middle eastern oilfields in late 1973. although no explicit plan was mentioned , a conversation between u.s. secretary of defense james schlesinger and british ambassador to the united states lord cromer revealed schlesinger had told him that " it was no longer obvious to him that the u.s. could not use force . "
the computer science network ( csnet ) was a computer network funded by the u.s. national science foundation ( nsf ) that began operation in 1981. its purpose was to extend networking benefits , for computer science departments at academic and research institutions that could not be directly connected to arpanet , due to funding or authorization limitations .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
for example , trial division is a deterministic algorithm because , if performed correctly , it will always identify a prime number as prime and a composite number as composite .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
other complexity measures are also used , such as the amount of communication ( used in communication complexity ) , the number of gates in a circuit ( used in circuit complexity ) and the number of processors ( used in parallel computing ) .
one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions shows that the amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of severely reduced rainfall and increased temperatures , leading to an almost complete loss of rainforest cover in the basin by 2100. however , simulations of amazon basin climate change across many different models are not consistent in their estimation of any rainfall response , ranging from weak increases to strong decreases .
whether or not this hypothesis is accurate , it is clear that several existing conditions such as war , famine , and weather contributed to the severity of the black death .
this allows all set top boxes in a household to share recordings and other media .
as of march 2015 [ update ] , abc has eight owned-and-operated stations , and current and pending affiliation agreements with 235 additional television stations encompassing 49 states , the district of columbia , four u.s. possessions , bermuda and saba ; this makes abc the largest u.s. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates .
the judicial branch of the eu has played an important role in the development of eu law , by assuming the task of interpreting the treaties , and accelerating economic and political integration .
they also spread beyond europe to the dutch cape colony in south africa , the dutch east indies , the caribbean , and several of the english colonies of north america , and quebec , where they were accepted and allowed to worship freely .
the justification for this is that a lack of education leads directly to lower incomes , and thus lower aggregate savings and investment .
warsaw university of technology is the second academic school of technology in the country , and one of the largest in east-central europe , employing 2,000 professors .
it was in this place in tours that the prétendus réformés ( " these supposedly 'reformed ' " ) habitually gathered at night , both for political purposes , and for prayer and singing psalms .
around 1294 , a french version of the scriptures was prepared by the roman catholic priest , guyard de moulin .
the construction of delta works changed the delta in the second half of the 20th century fundamentally .
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz .
packets are normally forwarded by intermediate network nodes asynchronously using first-in , first-out buffering , but may be forwarded according to some scheduling discipline for fair queuing , traffic shaping , or for differentiated or guaranteed quality of service , such as weighted fair queuing or leaky bucket .
he finished a four-year term in three years , graduating in 1873.:33
the wedding was held on 12 may 1191 at the chapel of st. george and it was attended by richard 's sister joan , whom he had brought from sicily .
the sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental united states and the grand canyon in the southwestern united states contain almost-undeformed stacks of sedimentary rocks that have remained in place since cambrian time .
the snp overall majority meant that there was sufficient support in the scottish parliament to hold a referendum on scottish independence .
when céloron 's expedition arrived at logstown , the native americans in the area informed céloron that they owned the ohio country and that they would trade with the british regardless of the french .
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch .
the development of this fertile soil allowed agriculture and silviculture in the previously hostile environment ; meaning that large portions of the amazon rainforest are probably the result of centuries of human management , rather than naturally occurring as has previously been supposed .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
the left one is situated both on the moraine plateau ( 10 to 25 m ( 32.8 to 82.0 ft ) above vistula level ) and on the vistula terraces ( max .
in 1898 , americans who opposed imperialism created the anti-imperialist league to oppose the us annexation of the philippines and cuba .
entry is free , but booking in advance is recommended due to limited space .
in 2011 the board of pharmaceutical specialties approved ambulatory care pharmacy practice as a separate board certification .
cbc began showing the series again in 2005. the series moved to the canadian cable channel space in 2009 .
in 1939 , c. 1,300,000 people lived in warsaw , but in 1945 – only 420,000. during the first years after the war , the population growth was c. 6 % , so shortly the city started to suffer from the lack of flats and of areas for new houses .
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area .
the university of chicago ( uchicago , chicago , or u of c ) is a private research university in chicago .
in addition , it voted to seek observer status in the national association of evangelicals and in the world evangelical fellowship .
faults are younger than the rocks they cut ; accordingly , if a fault is found that penetrates some formations but not those on top of it , then the formations that were cut are older than the fault , and the ones that are not cut must be younger than the fault .
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements .
the report , a two-page statement of the university 's policy in " social and political action , " declared that " to perform its mission in the society , a university must sustain an extraordinary environment of freedom of inquiry and maintain an independence from political fashions , passions , and pressures . "
in 2006 , a toxic waste spill off the coast of côte d'ivoire , from a european ship , prompted the commission to look into legislation against toxic waste .
the rhine roughly forms the german-swiss border from lake constance with the exceptions of the canton of schaffhausen and parts of the cantons of zürich and basel-stadt , until it turns north at the so-called rhine knee at basel , leaving switzerland .
his father arranged a marriage for him , and at nine years of age he was delivered by his father to the family of his future wife börte , who was a member of the tribe khongirad .
in an interview with newspaper editor arthur brisbane , tesla said that he did not believe in telepathy , stating , " suppose i made up my mind to murder you , " he said , " in a second you would know it .
st mary 's became a cathedral in 1850 and st nicholas ' in 1882. another prominent church in the city centre is the church of st thomas the martyr which is the only parish church in the church of england without a parish and which is not a peculiar .
tesla may have inadvertently captured an x-ray image—predating , by a few weeks , wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 announcement of the discovery of x-rays—when he tried to photograph mark twain illuminated by a geissler tube , an earlier type of gas discharge tube .
on 10 january 1943 , new york city mayor fiorello la guardia read a eulogy written by slovene-american author louis adamic live over the wnyc radio while violin pieces " ave maria " and " tamo daleko " were played in the background .
in the words of the secretary general of the united nations ban ki-moon : " while economic growth is necessary , it is not sufficient for progress on reducing poverty . "
in 1899 , john jacob astor iv invested $ 100,000 for tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system .
from these bases , the normans eventually captured sicily and malta from the saracens , under the leadership of the famous robert guiscard , a hauteville , and his younger brother roger the great count .
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
for luther , also christ 's life , when understood as an example , is nothing more than an illustration of the ten commandments , which a christian should follow in his or her vocations on a daily basis .
this is essentially a signaling device that allows the t-cell to bind to the active form of vitamin d , the steroid hormone calcitriol .
plants have two main immune responses—the hypersensitive response , in which infected cells seal themselves off and undergo programmed cell death , and systemic acquired resistance , where infected cells release signals warning the rest of the plant of a pathogen 's presence .
since the creation of the doctor who character by bbc television in the early 1960s , a myriad of stories have been published about doctor who , in different media : apart from the actual television episodes that continue to be produced by the bbc , there have also been novels , comics , short stories , audio books , radio plays , interactive video games , game books , webcasts , dvd extras , and even stage performances .
to avoid confusing or upsetting the people , luther avoided extreme change .
they are a diverse phylum of bacteria capable of carrying out photosynthesis , and are gram-negative , meaning that they have two cell membranes .
on 18 november 2015 , sky announced sky q , a range of products and services to be available in 2016. the sky q range consists of three set top boxes ( sky q , sky q silver and sky q mini ) , a broadband router ( sky q hub ) and mobile applications .
depending on the value of the spin , identical particles split into two different classes , fermions and bosons .
the college of the university of chicago grants bachelor of arts and bachelor of science degrees in 50 academic majors and 28 minors .
customers that do not subscribe to bskyb 's channels can still pay a monthly fee to enable sky+ functions .
the nearer side is composed of tall nutritive cells that store nutrients in vacuoles ( internal compartments ) , germ cells that produce eggs or sperm , and photocytes that produce bioluminescence .
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people .
edwards also comments that luther often deliberately used " vulgarity and violence " for effect , both in his writings condemning the jews and in diatribes against " turks " ( muslims ) and catholics .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
john schmitt and ben zipperer ( 2006 ) of the cepr point to economic liberalism and the reduction of business regulation along with the decline of union membership as one of the causes of economic inequality .
more than this , since only individuals act , only individuals can act unjustly .
all actions by eu institutions can be subject to judicial review , and judged by standards of proportionality , particularly where general principles of law , or fundamental rights are engaged .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
abc news programming includes good morning america from 7:00 to 9:00 a.m. weekdays ( along with one-hour weekend editions ) ; nightly editions of abc world news tonight ( whose weekend editions are occasionally subject to abbreviation or preemption due to sports telecasts overrunning into the program 's timeslot ) , the sunday political talk show this week , early morning news programs world news now and america this morning and the late night newsmagazine nightline .
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963. the programme depicts the adventures of the doctor , a time lord—a space and time-travelling humanoid alien .
this mechanism is still the leading theory today ; however , a second theory suggests that most cpdna is actually linear and replicates through homologous recombination .
some scholars have asserted that luther taught that faith and reason were antithetical in the sense that questions of faith could not be illuminated by reason .
he concentrated on the church in the electorate of saxony , acting only as an adviser to churches in new territories , many of which followed his saxon model .
in other words , to phrase matters more technically , the laws of physics are the same in every inertial frame of reference , that is , in all frames related by a galilean transformation .
william of apulia tells that , in 1016 , norman pilgrims to the shrine of the archangel michael at monte gargano were met by melus of bari , a lombard nobleman and rebel , who persuaded them to return with more warriors to help throw off the byzantine rule , which they did .
the interior makes much use of marble in the entrance hall and flanking staircases , although the galleries as originally designed were white with restrained classical detail and mouldings , very much in contrast to the elaborate decoration of the victorian galleries , although much of this decoration was removed in the early 20th century .
concluded in 2011 " that the black death in medieval europe was caused by a variant of y. pestis that may no longer exist . "
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " .
many of tesla 's writings are freely available on the web , including the article " the problem of increasing human energy , " published in the century magazine in 1900 , and the article " experiments with alternate currents of high potential and high frequency , " published in his book inventions , researches and writings of nikola tesla .
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study .
high school education during the period was designed to equip students with necessary skill sets to be able to perform at work .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
japanese imports , primarily the toyota corona , the toyota corolla , the datsun b210 , the datsun 510 , the honda civic , the mitsubishi galant ( a captive import from chrysler sold as the dodge colt ) , the subaru dl , and later the honda accord all had four cylinder engines that were more fuel efficient than the typical american v8 and six cylinder engines .
a particularly simple example of a probabilistic test is the fermat primality test , which relies on the fact ( fermat 's little theorem ) that np≡n ( mod p ) for any n if p is a prime number .
it is a matter for the state ( including the judges ) to decide on utilitarian grounds whether to do so or not . "
teachers may provide instruction in literacy and numeracy , craftsmanship or vocational training , the arts , religion , civics , community roles , or life skills .
sir charles lyell first published his famous book , principles of geology , in 1830. this book , which influenced the thought of charles darwin , successfully promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism .
despite manning 's problems with interceptions during the season , he did n't throw any in their two playoff games .
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989. american composer john debney created a new arrangement of ron grainer 's original theme for doctor who in 1996. for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series .
for example , a non-deterministic turing machine is a computational model that is allowed to branch out to check many different possibilities at once .
the genghis khan mausoleum , constructed many years after his death , is his memorial , but not his burial site .
according to geographic scholars under colonizing empires , the world could be split into climatic zones .
2002 saw the debut of the network 's first hit reality series , the bachelor ( the elimination-style dating show 's success led to a spinoff , the bachelorette , which premiered the following year , as well as two additional spinoffs that later debuted in the early 2010s ) .
it was opened in five phases between 1980 and 1984 , and was britain 's first urban light rail transit system ; two extensions were opened in 1991 and 2002. it was developed from a combination of existing and newly built tracks and stations , with deep-level tunnels constructed through newcastle city centre .
phosphorylation helps many proteins bind the polypeptide , keeping it from folding prematurely .
the important 13th-century glass beaker known as the luck of edenhall is also displayed in these galleries .
in the cycle , water is heated and transforms into steam within a boiler operating at a high pressure .
tension with paris led to a siege by the royal army in 1622. peace terms called for the dismantling of the city 's fortifications .
greater diversity in chloroplast shapes exists among the algae , which often contain a single chloroplast that can be shaped like a net ( e.g. , oedogonium ) , a cup ( e.g. , chlamydomonas ) , a ribbon-like spiral around the edges of the cell ( e.g. , spirogyra ) , or slightly twisted bands at the cell edges ( e.g. , sirogonium ) .
the expedition covered about 3,000 miles ( 4,800 km ) between june and november 1749. it went up the st. lawrence , continued along the northern shore of lake ontario , crossed the portage at niagara , and followed the southern shore of lake erie .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
in the 18th century , pierre-louis moreau de maupertuis made experiments with scorpion venom and observed that certain dogs and mice were immune to this venom .
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments .
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health .
the policy regarding wholly owned international networks was revived in 2004 when on september 27 of that year , abc announced the launch of abc1 , a free-to-air channel in the united kingdom owned by the abc group .
many of these series were greenlit by silverman , who left abc in 1978 to become president of nbc 's entertainment division .
from a mathematical viewpoint , it roughly states that the asymptotic distribution of primes ( about x/log x of numbers less than x are primes , the prime number theorem ) also holds for much shorter intervals of length about the square root of x ( for intervals near x ) .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
the city is the seat of a roman catholic archdiocese ( left bank of the vistula ) and diocese ( right bank ) , and possesses various universities , most notably the polish academy of sciences and the university of warsaw , two opera houses , theatres , museums , libraries and monuments .
the customary law of normandy was developed between the 10th and 13th centuries and survives today through the legal systems of jersey and guernsey in the channel islands .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
packet switching contrasts with another principal networking paradigm , circuit switching , a method which pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session , each having a constant bit rate and latency between nodes .
washington left with a small party , picking up along the way jacob van braam as an interpreter ; christopher gist , a company surveyor working in the area ; and a few mingo led by tanaghrisson .
chen 's theorem says that every sufficiently large even number can be expressed as the sum of a prime and a semiprime , the product of two primes .
it was commissioned by odo , the bishop of bayeux and first earl of kent , employing natives from kent who were learned in the nordic traditions imported in the previous half century by the danish vikings .
following the nice treaty , there was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the european union and make it more transparent ; this would have also produced a single constitutional document .
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring ( 500 points ) , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections .
in the river , electric eels can produce an electric shock that can stun or kill , while piranha are known to bite and injure humans .
nikola credited his eidetic memory and creative abilities to his mother 's genetics and influence .
in response to this tension , and possibly for other reasons , ögedei was appointed as successor .
in physics , the university was the site of the chicago pile-1 ( the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction , part of the manhattan project ) , of robert millikan 's oil-drop experiment that calculated the charge of the electron , and of the development of radiocarbon dating by willard f. libby in 1947. the chemical experiment that tested how life originated on early earth , the miller–urey experiment , was conducted at the university .
rem sleep was discovered at the university in 1953 by nathaniel kleitman and eugene aserinsky .
on 8 february 2007 , bskyb announced its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels .
there is a strong presence of border reiver surnames , such as armstrong , charlton , elliot , johnstone , kerr , hall , nixon , little and robson .
the two aaa auto clubs of the state , the california state automobile association and the automobile club of southern california , choose to simplify matters by dividing the state along the lines where their jurisdictions for membership apply , as either northern or southern california , in contrast to the three-region point of view .
construction is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world , incurring more occupational fatalities than any other sector in both the united states and in the european union .
prince louis de condé , along with his sons daniel and osias , [ citation needed ] arranged with count ludwig von nassau-saarbrücken to establish a huguenot community in present-day saarland in 1604. the count supported mercantilism and welcomed technically skilled immigrants into his lands , regardless of their religion .
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill .
this is called immune surveillance .
packet mode communication may be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes ( packet switches or routers ) .
henry ware was elected to the chair in 1805 , and the liberal samuel webber was appointed to the presidency of harvard two years later , which signaled the changing of the tide from the dominance of traditional ideas at harvard to the dominance of liberal , arminian ideas ( defined by traditionalists as unitarian ideas ) .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
only 100–150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
phillips ' superior officer bernard a. schriever agreed to loan phillips to nasa , along with a staff of officers under him , on the condition that phillips be made apollo program director .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
the historic city-centre of warsaw with its picturesque old town in 1980 was listed as a unesco world heritage site .
at the beginning of 1893 westinghouse engineer benjamin lamme had made great progress developing an efficient version of tesla 's induction motor and westinghouse electric started branding their complete polyphase phase ac system as the " tesla polyphase system " , noting how they believed tesla 's patents gave them patent priority over other ac systems .
saudi arabia spent over 100 billion dollars in the ensuing decades for helping spread its fundamentalist interpretation of islam , known as wahhabism , throughout the world , via religious charities such al-haramain foundation , which often also distributed funds to violent sunni extremist groups such as al-qaeda and the taliban .
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library .
although kenya is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa , and has an affluent urban minority , it has a human development index ( hdi ) of 0.519 , ranked 145 out of 186 in the world .
between the 1880s and world war ii , downtown fresno flourished , filled with electric street cars , and contained some of the san joaquin valley 's most beautiful architectural buildings .
reflecting the economic nature of the project , the european community originally focused upon free movement of workers : as a " factor of production " .
:33 however , toward the end of his life , he told a reporter , " sometimes i feel that by not marrying , i made too great a sacrifice to my work ... " there have been numerous accounts of women vying for tesla 's affection , even some madly in love with him .
his essay on confession , whether the pope has the power to require it rejected compulsory confession and encouraged private confession and absolution , since " every christian is a confessor . "
tesla later approached morgan to ask for more funds to build a more powerful transmitter .
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks .
it also began to use behavioral and demographic data to better determine what types of sponsors to sell advertising slots to and provide programming that would appeal towards certain audiences .
tugh temür supported zhu xi 's neo-confucianism and also devoted himself in buddhism .
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 .
the university of chicago library system encompasses six libraries that contain a total of 9.8 million volumes , the 11th most among library systems in the united states .
luther 's disappearance during his return trip back to wittenberg was planned .
the american broadcasting company ( abc ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) is an american commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the disney–abc television group , a subsidiary of disney media networks division of the walt disney company .
this region includes territory belonging to nine nations .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
gareth hoskins was responsible for contemporary and architecture , softroom , islamic middle east and the members ' room , mcinnes usher mcknight architects ( muma ) were responsible for the new cafe and designed the new medieval and renaissance galleries which opened in 2009 .
these folds can either be those where the material in the center of the fold buckles upwards , creating " antiforms " , or where it buckles downwards , creating " synforms " .
many chinese miners worked in victoria , and their legacy is particularly strong in bendigo and its environs .
the uk subsequently was the only member state to veto the social charter being included as the " social chapter " of the 1992 maastricht treaty - instead , an agreement on social policy was added as a protocol .
one of the more notable applications of printing technology was the chao , the paper money of the yuan .
professional skateboarder tony hawk , professional surfers rob machado , tim curran , bobby martinez , pat o'connell , dane reynolds , and chris ward , and professional snowboarder shaun white live in southern california .
in 1976 , bankamericard was renamed and spun off into a separate company known today as visa inc .
newcastle has a horse racing course at gosforth park .
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) of building material per hour as of january 2013 [ update ] , with the next-generation printers capable of 3.5 metres ( 11 ft ) per hour , sufficient to complete a building in a week .
at the time of his death , the mongol empire stretched from the caspian sea to the sea of japan .
it in turn evolved into modern english .
these are the greater los angeles area at 17,786,419 , and san diego–tijuana at 5,105,768. of these metropolitan areas , the los angeles-long beach-santa ana metropolitan area , riverside-san bernardino-ontario metropolitan area , and oxnard-thousand oaks-ventura metropolitan area form greater los angeles ; while the el centro metropolitan area and san diego-carlsbad-san marcos metropolitan area form the southern border region .
other big forest area is kabaty forest by the southern city border .
teaching may be carried out informally , within the family , which is called homeschooling , or in the wider community .
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) .
this improved response is then retained after the pathogen has been eliminated , in the form of an immunological memory , and allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered .
as the eck continued to count the votes , kibaki closed the gap and then overtook his opponent by a substantial margin after votes from his stronghold arrived later .
in the united states , scholars argue that there already existed a negotiated settlement based on equality between both parties prior to 1973. the possibility that the middle east could become another superpower confrontation with the ussr was of more concern to the us than oil .
in 2005 the factory was sold to avtozaz , a ukrainian car manufacturer which assembled there the chevrolet aveo .
( an earlier version of eyevision was last used in super bowl xxxv ; for super bowl 50 , the cameras were upgraded to 5k resolution . )
most western countries , and some others , have now banned it , but it remains lawful in the united states following a us supreme court decision in 1977 which held that paddling did not violate the us constitution .
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs .
however he can not do so until a 4-week period has elapsed , during which the law officers of the scottish government or uk government can refer the bill to the supreme court of the united kingdom for a ruling on whether it is within the powers of the parliament .
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden .
from a mathematical viewpoint , it roughly states that the asymptotic distribution of primes ( about x/log x of numbers less than x are primes , the prime number theorem ) also holds for much shorter intervals of length about the square root of x ( for intervals near x ) .
diseases of poverty directly correlate with a country 's economic performance and wealth distribution : half of kenyans live below the poverty level .
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity .
in australia , the show has had a strong fan base since its inception , having been exclusively first run by the australian broadcasting corporation ( abc ) since january 1965. the abc has periodically repeated episodes ; of note were the weekly screenings of all available classic episodes starting in 2003 , for the show 's 40th anniversary , and the weekdaily screenings of all available revived episodes in 2013 for the show 's 50th anniversary .
on 17 december 1941 , seven protestant regional church confederations issued a statement agreeing with the policy of forcing jews to wear the yellow badge , " since after his bitter experience luther had already suggested preventive measures against the jews and their expulsion from german territory . "
according to legend , genghis khan even went so far as to divert a river through the khwarezmid emperor 's birthplace , erasing it from the map .
in 1987 , a united methodist church court in new hampshire defrocked methodist minister rose mary denman for openly living with a same-sex partner .
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
seamans ' establishment of an ad-hoc committee headed by his special technical assistant nicholas e. golovin in july 1961 , to recommend a launch vehicle to be used in the apollo program , represented a turning point in nasa 's mission mode decision .
in the southern north sea , due to ongoing tectonic subsidence , the sea level is still rising , at the rate of about 1–3 cm ( 0.39–1.18 in ) per century ( 1 metre or 39 inches in last 3000 years ) .
most of these events are centred on melbourne , but others occur in regional cities , such as the v8 supercars and australian motorcycle grand prix at phillip island , the grand annual steeplechase at warrnambool and the australian international airshow at geelong and numerous local festivals such as the popular port fairy folk festival , queenscliff music festival , bells beach surfclassic and the bright autumn festival .
not until 1798 was henry cavendish able to make the first measurement of using a torsion balance ; this was widely reported in the press as a measurement of the mass of the earth since knowing could allow one to solve for the earth 's mass given the above equation .
during the construction of a building , the municipal building inspector inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local building code .
creating an index of " health and social problems " from nine factors , authors richard wilkinson and kate pickett found health and social problems " more common in countries with bigger income inequalities " , and more common among states in the us with larger income inequalities .
kuchlug , the deposed khan of the naiman confederation that temüjin defeated and folded into his mongol empire , fled west and usurped the khanate of qara khitai ( also known as the western liao , as it was originally established as remnants of the liao dynasty ) .
not happy with their betrayal and resistance , genghis khan ordered the entire imperial family to be executed , effectively ending the tangut lineage .
if pathogens successfully evade the innate response , vertebrates possess a second layer of protection , the adaptive immune system , which is activated by the innate response .
christians , he said , must not slacken in following christ on account of such false assurances .
steam engines frequently possess two independent mechanisms for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high ; one may be adjusted by the user , the second is typically designed as an ultimate fail-safe .
the other includes reproductions of various works of italian renaissance sculpture and architecture , including a full-size replica of michelangelo 's david .
" tesla said he could feel a sharp stinging pain where it entered his body , and again at the place where it passed out . "
charles avison , the leading british composer of concertos in the 18th century , was born in newcastle upon tyne in 1709 and died there in 1770. basil hume , archbishop of westminster , was born in the city in 1923. vice admiral cuthbert collingwood , 1st baron collingwood , was born in the city .
the small vesicles sometimes observed may serve as transport vesicles to shuttle stuff between the thylakoids and intermembrane space .
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne .
on april 20 , kennedy sent a memo to vice president lyndon b. johnson , asking johnson to look into the status of america 's space program , and into programs that could offer nasa the opportunity to catch up .
it is often found in the chloroplasts of c4 plants , though it has also been found in some c3 angiosperms , and even some gymnosperms .
in his research , tesla devised several experimental setups to produce x-rays .
the next major step occurred when james watt developed ( 1763–1775 ) an improved version of newcomen 's engine , with a separate condenser .
heinrich himmler wrote admiringly of his writings and sermons on the jews in 1940. the city of nuremberg presented a first edition of on the jews and their lies to julius streicher , editor of the nazi newspaper der stürmer , on his birthday in 1937 ; the newspaper described it as the most radically anti-semitic tract ever published .
if graph isomorphism is np-complete , the polynomial time hierarchy collapses to its second level .
the harvard crimson competes in 42 intercollegiate sports in the ncaa division i ivy league .
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy .
he was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the black death for the second edition in 1908 , implicating rats and fleas in the process , and his interpretation was widely accepted for other ancient and medieval epidemics , such as the justinian plague that was prevalent in the eastern roman empire from 541 to 700 ce .
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay .
he believed that complete imitation of the prophet mohammad and his successors such as ali for restoration of sharia law was essential to islam , that many secular , westernizing muslims were actually agents of the west serving western interests , and that the acts such as " plundering " of muslim lands was part of a long-term conspiracy against islam by the western governments .
miller had six total tackles ( five solo ) , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
pharmacy informatics is the combination of pharmacy practice science and applied information science .
steven barkan writes that if defendants plead not guilty , " they must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine , or to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case and their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience . "
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) .
the alpine rhine begins in the most western part of the swiss canton of graubünden , and later forms the border between switzerland to the west and liechtenstein and later austria to the east .
references to doctor who have also appeared in the young adult fantasy novels brisingr and high wizardry , the video game rock band , the soap opera eastenders , the adult swim comedy show robot chicken , the family guy episodes " blue harvest " and " 420 " , and the game runescape .
after the german invasion of poland on 1 september 1939 began the second world war , warsaw was defended till september 27. central poland , including warsaw , came under the rule of the general government , a german nazi colonial administration .
this phenomenon is known as the west lothian question and has led to criticism .
never formally revoked , it stopped being implemented after 1932. after world war ii , the soviet union installed socialist regimes modeled on those it had installed in 1919–20 in the old tsarist empire in areas its forces occupied in eastern europe .
in 1972 , almost all episodes then made were known to exist at the bbc , while by 1978 the practice of wiping tapes and destroying " spare " film copies had been brought to a stop .
the meeting report states there were 322 persons in attendance at sessions with about seven-eighths of participants being from governmental organizations .
recognition of this mhc : antigen complex is aided by a co-receptor on the t cell , called cd8 .
the traditional visor helmet was replaced with a clear " fishbowl " type for greater visibility , and the lunar surface eva suit would include a water-cooled undergarment .
the quasiturbine is a uniflow rotary steam engine where steam intakes in hot areas , while exhausting in cold areas .
since , in most flowering plants , chloroplasts are not inherited from the male parent , transgenes in these plastids can not be disseminated by pollen .
in 1271 , kublai khan imposed the name great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; wade–giles : ta-yüan ) , establishing the yuan dynasty .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
since 2011 warsaw gallery weekend is held on last weekend of september .
the account of his travels , il milione ( or , the million , known in english as the travels of marco polo ) , appeared about the year 1299. some argue over the accuracy of marco polo 's accounts due to the lack of mentioning the great wall of china , tea houses , which would have been a prominent sight since europeans had yet to adopt a tea culture , as well the practice of foot binding by the women in capital of the great khan .
using handheld gps devices and programs like google earth , members of the trio tribe , who live in the rainforests of southern suriname , map out their ancestral lands to help strengthen their territorial claims .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
teachers face several occupational hazards in their line of work , including occupational stress , which can negatively impact teachers ' mental and physical health , productivity , and students ' performance .
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) .
the dynasty was established by kublai khan , yet he placed his grandfather genghis khan on the imperial records as the official founder of the dynasty as taizu .
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir .
he lit electric lamps wirelessly at both locations , demonstrating the potential of wireless power transmission .
every may since 1987 , the university of chicago has held the university of chicago scavenger hunt , in which large teams of students compete to obtain notoriously esoteric items from a list .
short clips from every story with the exception of marco polo , " mission to the unknown " and the massacre of st bartholomew 's eve also exist .
before genghis khan died , he assigned ögedei khan as his successor and split his empire into khanates among his sons and grandsons .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
on 7 january 1943 , at the age of 86 , tesla died alone in room 3327 of the new yorker hotel .
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest .
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable .
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal ( united states ) calendar of saints .
william shirley , the expansionist governor of the province of massachusetts bay , was particularly forceful , stating that british colonists would not be safe as long as the french were present .
unemployment can harm growth not only because it is a waste of resources , but also because it generates redistributive pressures and subsequent distortions , drives people to poverty , constrains liquidity limiting labor mobility , and erodes self-esteem promoting social dislocation , unrest and conflict .
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting .
warsaw was occupied by germany from 4 august 1915 until november 1918. the allied armistice terms required in article 12 that germany withdraw from areas controlled by russia in 1914 , which included warsaw .
this led to protests and open discrediting of the eck for complicity and to odinga declaring himself the " people 's president " and calling for a recount .
activities include controlling the museum environment ( for example , temperature and light ) and preventing pests ( primarily insects ) from damaging artefacts .
the premier is the public face of government and , with cabinet , sets the legislative and political agenda .
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south .
rhodoplasts have a double membrane with an intermembrane space and phycobilin pigments organized into phycobilisomes on the thylakoid membranes , preventing their thylakoids from stacking .
in world war ii , charles de gaulle and the free french used the overseas colonies as bases from which they fought to liberate france .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
one of the key factors in the mix of the zaju variety show was the incorporation of poetry both classical and of the newer qu form .
phycobilins often organize into relatively large protein complexes about 40 nanometers across called phycobilisomes .
the effect of economic growth on poverty reduction – the growth elasticity of poverty – can depend on the existing level of inequality .
the opening was celebrated with a grand dinner attended by 2000 guests , and the laing art gallery has a painting of this event .
macrophages are versatile cells that reside within tissues and produce a wide array of chemicals including enzymes , complement proteins , and regulatory factors such as interleukin 1. macrophages also act as scavengers , ridding the body of worn-out cells and other debris , and as antigen-presenting cells that activate the adaptive immune system .
from opposite sides of the body extends a pair of long , slender tentacles , each housed in a sheath into which it can be withdrawn .
kenya ( /ˈkɛnjə/ ; locally [ ˈkɛɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the republic of kenya , is a country in africa and a founding member of the east african community ( eac ) .
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver .
the uk subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the agreement on social policy , the 1994 works council directive , which required workforce consultation in businesses , and the 1996 parental leave directive .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
in another incident , around 1177 , he was captured in a raid and held prisoner by his father 's former allies , the tayichi'ud .
the practice has been for the union government to provide the broad policy directions while the states create their own rules and regulations for the administration of the sector .
the saturn ib was an upgraded version of the saturn i. the s-ib first stage increased the thrust to 1,600,000 pounds-force ( 7,120 kn ) , and the second stage replaced the s-iv with the s-ivb-200 , powered by a single j-2 engine burning liquid hydrogen fuel with lox , to produce 200,000 lbf ( 890 kn ) of thrust .
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) .
salaries for nursery , primary and secondary school teachers ranged from £20,133 to £41,004 in september 2007 , although some salaries can go much higher depending on experience and extra responsibilities .
although there was some racism directed at them , there was not the level of anti-chinese violence that was seen at the lambing flat riots in new south wales .
the standard industrial classification and the newer north american industry classification system have a classification system for companies that perform or otherwise engage in construction .
american foreign policy was denounced as a " racket " by smedley butler , an american general .
the height of this persecution was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre when 5,000 to 30,000 were killed , although there were also underlying political reasons for this as well , as some of the huguenots were nobles trying to establish separate centers of power in southern france .
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region .
its saturn ib was allocated to the dual mission , now redesignated as-205/208 or as-258 , planned for august 1967. mcdivitt , scott and schweickart were promoted to the prime as-258 crew , and schirra , eisele and cunningham were reassigned as the apollo 1 backup crew .
in the imperial household , the pharmacist was even ranked above the two personal physicians of the emperor .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
at the beginning of the 17th century the empire contained 32 provinces and numerous vassal states .
kenya won several medals during the beijing olympics , six gold , four silver and four bronze , making it africa 's most successful nation in the 2008 olympics .
to partially remedy the wealth gap and the resulting slow growth , s & p recommended increasing access to education .
during periods of lower global temperatures , snow and rain from that evaporated water tends to be higher in oxygen-16 , and the seawater left behind tends to be higher in oxygen-18 .
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no .
dc electricity must be used : if ac is used , the gases in each limb consist of hydrogen and oxygen in the explosive ratio 2:1. contrary to popular belief , the 2:1 ratio observed in the dc electrolysis of acidified water does not prove that the empirical formula of water is h2o unless certain assumptions are made about the molecular formulae of hydrogen and oxygen themselves .
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice .
with istanbul as its capital and control of lands around the mediterranean basin , the ottoman empire was at the center of interactions between the eastern and western worlds for six centuries .
in 1931 japan conquered manchuria from china .
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) .
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy .
the second main legislative body is the council , which is composed of different ministers of the member states .
courts have distinguished between two types of civil disobedience : " indirect civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not , itself , the object of protest , whereas direct civil disobedience involves protesting the existence of a particular law by breaking that law . "
roughly contemporaneous with maududi was the founding of the muslim brotherhood in ismailiyah , egypt in 1928 by hassan al banna .
in contrast , an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent ( the poor ) is associated with higher gdp growth .
for instance , if a problem x can be solved using an algorithm for y , x is no more difficult than y , and we say that x reduces to y. there are many different types of reductions , based on the method of reduction , such as cook reductions , karp reductions and levin reductions , and the bound on the complexity of reductions , such as polynomial-time reductions or log-space reductions .
the presiding officer and deputies are elected by a secret ballot of the 129 msps , which is the only secret ballot conducted in the scottish parliament .
during the itv network strike of 1979 , viewership peaked at 16 million .
reasons for extra-legal ownership include excessive bureaucratic red tape in buying property and building , in some countries it can take over 200 steps and up to 14 years to build on government land .
the moon landing data was recorded by a special apollo tv camera which recorded in a format incompatible with broadcast tv .
what is more , the primes are distributed equally among those rows in the long run—the density of all primes congruent a modulo 9 is 1/6 .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
morgan was shocked by the reminder of his part in the stock market crash and by tesla 's breach of contract by asking for more funds .
this was a huge influx as the entire population of the dutch republic amounted to ca . 2 million at that time .
most work has been done on the spread of the plague in england , and even estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100 % as no census was undertaken between the time of publication of the domesday book and the year 1377. estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy .
he was supposedly killed with poison by el temür , and tugh temür then remounted the throne .
there are approximately 22,000 objects in the collection that cover the period from about 400 ad to 1914. this covers among other periods byzantine and anglo saxon ivory sculptures , british , french and spanish medieval statues and carvings , the renaissance , baroque , neo-classical , victorian and art nouveau periods .
his last sermon was delivered at eisleben , his place of birth , on 15 february 1546 , three days before his death .
warsaw 's name in the polish language is warszawa , approximately /vɑːrˈʃɑːvə/ ( also formerly spelled warszewa and warszowa ) , meaning " belonging to warsz " , warsz being a shortened form of the masculine name of slavic origin warcisław ; see also etymology of wrocław .
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes .
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham .
another important library – the university library , founded in 1816 , is home to over two million items .
the majority may be powerful but it is not necessarily right .
rugby is also a growing sport in southern california , particularly at the high school level , with increasing numbers of schools adding rugby as an official school sport .
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages .
some huguenots settled in bedfordshire , one of the main centres of the british lace industry at the time .
each step had to be successfully accomplished before the next ones could be performed , and it was unknown how many tries of each mission would be necessary ; therefore letters were used instead of numbers .
soon after the normans began to enter italy , they entered the byzantine empire and then armenia , fighting against the pechenegs , the bulgars , and especially the seljuk turks .
during 2003–04 , the gross value of victorian agricultural production increased by 17 % to $ 8.7 billion .
in the aftermath of the 1979 referendum defeat , the campaign for a scottish assembly was initiated as a pressure group , leading to the 1989 scottish constitutional convention with various organisations such as scottish churches , political parties and representatives of industry taking part .
however , he concedes that the effect of trade on inequality in america is minor when compared to other causes , such as technological innovation , a view shared by other experts .
as of that day , the new constitution heralding the second republic came into force .
every may since 1987 , the university of chicago has held the university of chicago scavenger hunt , in which large teams of students compete to obtain notoriously esoteric items from a list .
edward the confessor had set up the aforementioned ralph as earl of hereford and charged him with defending the marches and warring with the welsh .
the rows ( =progressions ) starting with a = 3 , 6 , or 9 contain at most one prime number .
during this hold , an electrical fire began in the cabin , and spread quickly in the high pressure , 100 % oxygen atmosphere .
next , the two plastid-dividing rings , or pd rings form .
government regulations have given private education more flexibility and autonomy in recent years , notably by lifting the moratorium on applications for new courses , new schools and conversions , by liberalizing tuition fee policy for private schools , by replacing values education for third and fourth years with english , mathematics and natural science at the option of the school , and by issuing the revised manual of regulations for private schools in august 1992 .
the outcome of most votes can be predicted beforehand since political parties normally instruct members which way to vote .
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com .
immediately after decision time a " members debate " is held , which lasts for 45 minutes .
the abc also provided partial funding for the 20th anniversary special the five doctors in 1983. repeats of both the classic and modern series have also been shown on subscription television channels bbc uktv , sf and later on syfy upon sf 's closure .
during the vietnam war era , the chicago eight used a political defense , while benjamin spock used a technical defense .
exploration is still continuing to determine if there are more reserves .
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
he suffered a peculiar affliction in which blinding flashes of light would appear before his eyes , often accompanied by visions .
bskyb 's digital service was officially launched on 1 october 1998 under the name sky digital , although small-scale tests were carried out before then .
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " .
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000. the three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined .
by far the most famous work of norman art is the bayeux tapestry , which is not a tapestry but a work of embroidery .
similarly in überseering bv v nordic construction gmbh the court of justice held that a german court could not deny a dutch building company the right to enforce a contract in germany on the basis that it was not validly incorporated in germany .
he promptly awarded their elected leader , william iron arm , with the title of count in his capital of melfi .
hospital pharmacies usually stock a larger range of medications , including more specialized medications , than would be feasible in the community setting .
manning and newton had quarterback passer ratings of 56.6 and 55.4 , respectively , and their added total of 112 is a record lowest aggregate passer rating for a super bowl .
drawing from greek and indian scientific literature that were not destroyed by the muslim conquests , the persian scholar ibn sina ( avicenna , 981–1037 ) proposed detailed explanations for the formation of mountains , the origin of earthquakes , and other topics central to modern geology , which provided an essential foundation for the later development of the science .
greater london has over 900,000 muslims , ( most of south asian origins and concentrated in the east london boroughs of newham , tower hamlets and waltham forest ) , and among them are some with a strong islamist outlook .
the " combs " ( also called " ctenes " or " comb plates " ) run across each row , and each consists of thousands of unusually long cilia , up to 2 millimeters ( 0.079 in ) .
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway .
in december 2014 , president uhuru kenyatta signed a security laws amendment bill , which supporters of the law suggested was necessary to guard against armed groups .
some scientists argue that the rainforest was reduced to small , isolated refugia separated by open forest and grassland ; other scientists argue that the rainforest remained largely intact but extended less far to the north , south , and east than is seen today .
however he can not do so until a 4-week period has elapsed , during which the law officers of the scottish government or uk government can refer the bill to the supreme court of the united kingdom for a ruling on whether it is within the powers of the parliament .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible .
" the islamic state " , formerly known as the " islamic state of iraq and the levant " and before that as the " islamic state of iraq " , ( and called the acronym daesh by its many detractors ) , is a wahhabi/salafi jihadist extremist militant group which is led by and mainly composed of sunni arabs from iraq and syria .
these included raids or invasions of the qara khitai , caucasus , khwarezmid empire , western xia and jin dynasties .
bskyb 's direct-to-home satellite service became available in 10 million homes in 2010 , europe 's first pay-tv platform in to achieve that milestone .
a large body of mathematical work would still be valid when calling 1 a prime , but euclid 's fundamental theorem of arithmetic ( mentioned above ) would not hold as stated .
there are many concepts of teachers in islam , ranging from mullahs ( the teachers at madrassas ) to ulemas , who teach of the laws of islam for the proper way of islamic living according to the sunnah and ahadith , and can render legal verdicts upon matters of islamic law in accordance with the teaching of one of the four schools of jurisprudence .
in fact , most eu law is applied by member state courts ( the english court of appeal , the german bundesgerichtshof , the belgian cour du travail , etc . )
some episodes have been returned to the bbc from the archives of other countries who bought prints for broadcast , or by private individuals who acquired them by various means .
september 1994 saw the debut of nypd blue , a gritty police procedural from steven bochco ( who created doogie howser , m.d .
in 2005 , there were about 8 million members in over 34,000 congregations .
another definition for southern california uses point conception and the tehachapi mountains as the northern boundary .
in immunology , self molecules are those components of an organism 's body that can be distinguished from foreign substances by the immune system .
during his reign , the da yuan tong zhi ( chinese : 大元通制 , " the comprehensive institutions of the great yuan " ) , a huge collection of codes and regulations of the yuan dynasty begun by his father , was formally promulgated .
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma .
a site was chosen in houston , texas , on land donated by rice university , and administrator webb announced the conversion on september 19 , 1961. it was also clear nasa would soon outgrow its practice of controlling missions from its cape canaveral air force station launch facilities in florida , so a new mission control center would be included in the msc .
close to newcastle , the largest indoor shopping centre in europe , the metrocentre , is located in gateshead .
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent .
the two teams ' combined third down conversion percentage of 13.8 was a super bowl low .
if np is not the same as p , then the np-complete problems are also intractable in this sense .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
oxygen gas is poisonous to the anaerobic bacteria that cause gas gangrene , so increasing its partial pressure helps kill them .
at 1 a.m. he awoke with more chest pain and was warmed with hot towels .
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists .
he was influenced by hamburg merchants and traders , his neighbors at friedrichsruh .
in the presidential elections , president kibaki under the party of national unity ran for re-election against the main opposition party , the orange democratic movement ( odm ) .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
life expectancy in sweden ( 80 years ) and japan ( 82 ) – where income was more equally distributed – was longer .
the university currently enrolls approximately 5,000 students in the college and around 15,000 students overall .
some legal requirements come from malum in se considerations , or the desire to prevent things that are indisputably bad – bridge collapses or explosions .
the mission and christmas provided an inspiring end to 1968 , which had been a troubled year for the us , marked by vietnam war protests , race riots , and the assassinations of civil rights leader martin luther king , jr. , and senator robert f. kennedy .
on march 16 , 1985 , abc 's executive committee accepted the merger offer , which was formally announced on march 18 , 1985 , with capital cities purchasing abc and its related properties for $ 3.5 billion and $ 118 for each of abc 's shares as well as a guarantee of 10 % ( or $ 3 ) for a total of $ 121 per share .
the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) is a scientific intergovernmental body under the auspices of the united nations , set up at the request of member governments .
on november 22 , japan issued a statement " asserting that israel should withdraw from all of the 1967 territories , advocating palestinian self-determination , and threatening to reconsider its policy toward israel if israel refused to accept these preconditions " .
in 2006 tatiana kuplich organized the trees of the amazon into four categories : ( 1 ) mature forest , ( 2 ) regenerating forest [ less than three years ] , ( 3 ) regenerating forest [ between three and five years of regrowth ] , and ( 4 ) regenerating forest [ eleven to eighteen years of continued development ] .
apollo 13 launched lovell , jack swigert , and fred haise in april 1970 , headed for the fra mauro formation .
the public art pieces will be restored and placed near their current locations and will feature wide sidewalks ( up to 28 ' on the east side of the street ) to continue with the pedestrian friendly environment of the district .
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus .
the name " ctenophora " means " comb-bearing " , from the greek κτείς ( stem-form κτεν- ) meaning " comb " and the greek suffix -φορος meaning " carrying " .
the skirmish of the brick church in 1862 just outside jacksonville proper resulted in the first confederate victory in florida .
the swahili built mombasa into a major port city and established trade links with other nearby city-states , as well as commercial centres in persia , arabia , and even india .
fourth , national courts have a duty to interpret domestic law " as far as possible in the light of the wording and purpose of the directive " .
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections .
philip ii of spain ordered pedro menéndez de avilés to protect the interest of spain by attacking the french presence at fort caroline .
the ceremonial walk to the church and the wedding banquet were left out , and were made up two weeks later on 27 june .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
sierra sky park was the first aviation community to be built [ citation needed ] and there are now numerous such communities across the united states and around the world .
baptized members are those who have been baptized as an infant or child , but who have not subsequently professed their own faith .
coincidentally , both teams were coached by john fox in their last super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 .
pro bowl linebacker von miller led the team with 11 sacks , forced four fumbles , and recovered three .
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality .
the river now flows north as upper rhine through the upper rhine plain , which is about 300 km long and up to 40 km wide .
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) .
by the late 19th century scientists realized that air could be liquefied , and its components isolated , by compressing and cooling it .
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas .
the programme was relaunched in 2005 by russell t davies , who was showrunner and head writer for the first five years of its revival , produced in-house by bbc wales in cardiff .
it consists of nine members , both laity and clergy , elected by the general conference for an eight-year term .
in the georgian age there was increasing emphasis on entertainment and leisure .
in keck and mithouard two importers claimed that their prosecution under a french competition law , which prevented them selling picon beer under wholesale price , was unlawful .
type i hypersensitivity is an immediate or anaphylactic reaction , often associated with allergy .
during pregnancy , a particular type of antibody , called igg , is transported from mother to baby directly across the placenta , so human babies have high levels of antibodies even at birth , with the same range of antigen specificities as their mother .
doctor who has always appeared initially on the bbc 's mainstream bbc one channel , where it is regarded as a family show , drawing audiences of many millions of viewers ; episodes are now repeated on bbc three .
significant huguenot settlements were in dublin , cork , portarlington , lisburn , waterford and youghal .
he intended his vigorous , direct language to make the bible accessible to everyday germans , " for we are removing impediments and difficulties so that other people may read it without hindrance . "
in the more spiritual or mystical islamic tradition of sufism , the position of spiritual teacher and an esoteric ( as opposed to exoteric , or actions-oriented , e.g .
in the 1890s , the university of chicago , fearful that its vast resources would injure smaller schools by drawing away good students , affiliated with several regional colleges and universities : des moines college , kalamazoo college , butler university , and stetson university .
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces .
[ citation needed ] this implies that it may be possible for multiple kuznets ' cycles to be in effect at any given time .
trade economist paul krugman estimates that trade liberalisation has had a measurable effect on the rising inequality in the united states .
another important monument , the statue of little insurgent located at the ramparts of the old town , commemorates the children who served as messengers and frontline troops in the warsaw uprising , while the impressive warsaw uprising monument by wincenty kućma was erected in memory of the largest insurrection of world war ii .
the block ii crew positions were titled commander ( cdr ) command module pilot ( cmp ) and lunar module pilot ( lmp ) .
more recently the uk supreme court noted that in r ( hs2 action alliance ltd ) v secretary of state for transport , although the uk constitution is uncodified , there could be " fundamental principles " of common law , and parliament " did not either contemplate or authorise the abrogation " of those principles when it enacted the european communities act 1972. the view of the german constitutional court from the solange i and solange ii decisions is that if the eu does not comply with its basic constitutional rights and principles ( particularly democracy , the rule of law and the social state principles ) then it can not override german law .
the measurement is technically difficult owing to the low signal-to-noise ratio and the physical structure of vegetation ; but it has been proposed as a possible method of monitoring the carbon cycle from satellites on a global scale .
for every 100 females there were 94.1 males .
it caused the most property damage of any earthquake in u.s. history , estimated at over $ 20 billion .
associating forces with vectors avoids such problems .
a large scale digitization project began in 2007 in that department .
environmentalists are concerned about loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest , and also about the release of the carbon contained within the vegetation , which could accelerate global warming .
for the top 21 industrialised countries , counting each person equally , life expectancy is lower in more unequal countries ( r = -.907 ) .
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications .
on 17 may 1899 , tesla moved to colorado springs , where he would have room for his high-voltage , high-frequency experiments ; his lab was located near foote ave. and kiowa st. he chose this location because the polyphase alternating current power distribution system had been introduced there and he had associates who were willing to give him all the power he needed without charging for it .
there are many forms of spiritual or religious teachers in christianity , across all three major traditions - ( roman ) catholic , ( eastern ) orthodox catholic , and protestant/non-denominational , with a stronger tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical christian traditions with a long tradition of " discernment of spirits " , of vocations , and other aspects of spiritual life , especially the roman and orthodox catholic churches .
in contrast to many other parliamentary systems , parliament elects a first minister from a number of candidates at the beginning of each parliamentary term ( after a general election ) .
about 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) from warsaw , the vistula river 's environment changes strikingly and features a perfectly preserved ecosystem , with a habitat of animals that includes the otter , beaver and hundreds of bird species .
in the years after these rumors , neither tesla nor edison won the prize ( although edison did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1915 and tesla did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1937 ) .
pax mongolica , mongol peace , enabled the spread of technologies , commodities , and culture between china and the west .
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion ( due to fermionic nature of electrons ) follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects .
tymnet was an international data communications network headquartered in san jose , ca that utilized virtual call packet switched technology and used x.25 , sna/sdlc , bsc and ascii interfaces to connect host computers ( servers ) at thousands of large companies , educational institutions , and government agencies .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
a new custom typeface , " abc modern " ( which was inspired by the logotype ) , was also created for use in advertising and other promotional materials .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
the episode " the time of the doctor " depicted the doctor acquiring a new cycle of regenerations , starting from the twelfth doctor , due to the eleventh doctor being the product of the doctor 's twelfth regeneration from his original set .
a problem x is hard for a class of problems c if every problem in c can be reduced to x. thus no problem in c is harder than x , since an algorithm for x allows us to solve any problem in c. of course , the notion of hard problems depends on the type of reduction being used .
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction .
nonetheless , harvard 's undergraduate population remained predominantly male , with about four men attending harvard college for every woman studying at radcliffe .
it received a 5 % production cut in december , causing a panic .
the old truman brewery , then known as the black eagle brewery , was founded in 1724. the flight of huguenot refugees from tours , france drew off most of the workers of its great silk mills which they had built .
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow .
most of these schools are vocational schools .
unfortunately , he arrived too late to enroll at charles-ferdinand university ; he never studied greek , a required subject ; and he was illiterate in czech , another required subject .
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) .
normally water is the fluid of choice due to its favourable properties , such as non-toxic and unreactive chemistry , abundance , low cost , and its thermodynamic properties .
fire and explosion hazards exist when concentrated oxidants and fuels are brought into close proximity ; an ignition event , such as heat or a spark , is needed to trigger combustion .
technically , these would be categorized as private schools , but many of them have the name " public school " appended to them , e.g. , the galaxy public school in kathmandu .
their most famous song , " fog on the tyne " ( 1971 ) , was covered by geordie ex-footballer paul gascoigne in 1990. venom , reckoned by many to be the originators of black metal and extremely influential to the extreme metal scene as a whole , formed in newcastle in 1979. folk metal band skyclad , often regarded as the first folk metal band , also formed in newcastle after the break-up of martin walkyier thrash metal band , sabbat .
during the same year , tesla wrote a treatise , the art of projecting concentrated non-dispersive energy through the natural media , concerning charged particle beam weapons .
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 .
physicists are still attempting to develop self-consistent unification models that would combine all four fundamental interactions into a theory of everything .
they were so called because they worked on the keels , boats that were used to transfer coal from the river banks to the waiting colliers , for export to london and elsewhere .
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion .
those involved with the design and execution of the infrastructure in question must consider zoning requirements , the environmental impact of the job , the successful scheduling , budgeting , construction-site safety , availability and transportation of building materials , logistics , inconvenience to the public caused by construction delays and bidding , etc .
his armies quickly took heisui , ganzhou , and suzhou ( not the suzhou in jiangsu province ) , and in the autumn he took xiliang-fu [ disambiguation needed ] .
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen .
the rhetoric of colonizers being racially superior appears to have achieved its purpose , for example throughout latin america " whiteness " is still prized today and various forms of blanqueamiento ( whitening ) are common .
after the capital samarkand fell , the capital was moved to bukhara by the remaining men , while genghis khan ordered two of his generals and their forces to completely destroy the remnants of the khwarezmid empire , including not only royal buildings , but entire towns , populations , and even vast swaths of farmland .
teaching using pedagogy also involve assessing the educational levels of the students on particular skills .
the party with the highest quotient is awarded the seat , which is then added to its constituency seats in allocating the second seat .
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits .
a series of three small civil wars known as the huguenot rebellions broke out , mainly in southwestern france , between 1621 and 1629. revolted against royal authority .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
there are several levels of the plain vistula terraces ( flooded as well as former flooded once ) and only small part and not so visible moraine escarpment .
the biggest city on the river rhine is cologne , germany with a population of more than 1,050,000 people .
the mhc : antigen complex is also recognized by the helper cell 's cd4 co-receptor , which recruits molecules inside the t cell ( e.g. , lck ) that are responsible for the t cell 's activation .
within two months of the launch , bskyb gained 400,000 new subscribers , with the majority taking at least one premium channel as well , which helped bskyb reach 3.5 million households by mid-1994 .
only the series from 2009 onwards are available on blu-ray , except for the 1970 story spearhead from space , released in july 2013. many early releases have been re-released as special editions , with more bonus features .
among the most well-known experiments in structural geology are those involving orogenic wedges , which are zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries .
five of the remaining six missions achieved successful landings , but the apollo 13 landing was prevented by an oxygen tank explosion in transit to the moon , which disabled the command spacecraft 's propulsion and life support .
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration .
the fresno fairgrounds was also utilized as an assembly center .
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage .
from 1965 to 1991 the books published were primarily novelised adaptations of broadcast episodes ; beginning in 1991 an extensive line of original fiction was launched , the virgin new adventures and virgin missing adventures .
mnemiopsis populations in those areas were eventually brought under control by the accidental introduction of the mnemiopsis-eating north american ctenophore beroe ovata , and by a cooling of the local climate from 1991 to 1993 , which significantly slowed the animal 's metabolism .
refined hindu and buddhist sculptures reflect the influence of india ; items on show include betel-nut cutters , ivory combs and bronze palanquin hooks .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
:247 he was also critical of einstein 's theory of relativity , saying :
among them , the original fresno county courthouse ( demolished ) , the fresno carnegie public library ( demolished ) , the fresno water tower , the bank of italy building , the pacific southwest building , the san joaquin light & power building ( currently known as the grand 1401 ) , and the hughes hotel ( burned down ) , to name a few .
the black death ravaged europe for three years before it continued on into russia , where the disease was present somewhere in the country 25 times between 1350 to 1490. plague epidemics ravaged london in 1563 , 1593 , 1603 , 1625 , 1636 , and 1665 , reducing its population by 10 to 30 % during those years .
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic .
the acme of the horizontal engine was the corliss steam engine , patented in 1849 , which was a four-valve counter flow engine with separate steam admission and exhaust valves and automatic variable steam cutoff .
some civil disobedience defendants choose to make a defiant speech , or a speech explaining their actions , in allocution .
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
tyneside flats were built as terraces , one of each pair of doors led to an upstairs flat while the other led into the ground-floor flat , each of two or three rooms .
after malaysia 's independence in 1957 , the government instructed all schools to surrender their properties and be assimilated into the national school system .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
other major causes of fatalities in the construction industry include electrocution , transportation accidents , and trench cave-ins .
such services include the thorough analysis of all medication ( prescription , non-prescription , and herbals ) currently being taken by an individual .
networks affiliates approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002. in september , disney chairman/ceo michael eisner outlined a proposed realignment of the abc broadcast network day parts with the similar unit in its cable channels : abc saturday mornings with disney channels ( toon & playhouse ) , abc daytime with soapnet and abc prime time with abc family .
all chloroplasts in a plant are descended from undifferentiated proplastids found in the zygote , or fertilized egg .
published at a time of rising demand for german-language publications , luther 's version quickly became a popular and influential bible translation .
the americas during the pre-columbian era also had large empires such as the aztec empire and the incan empire .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
stage 1 is the first , or introductory stage of the bill , where the minister or member in charge of the bill will formally introduce it to parliament together with its accompanying documents – explanatory notes , a policy memorandum setting out the policy underlying the bill , and a financial memorandum setting out the costs and savings associated with it .
the report was criticized , however , for attaching too much weight to readings at arbitrarily selected locations , which in newcastle 's case included a motorway underpass without pedestrian access .
it was the first network to make the hosts responsible for reliable delivery of data , rather than the network itself , using unreliable datagrams and associated end-to-end protocol mechanisms .
in 1926 , tesla commented on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality , and indicated that humanity 's future would be run by " queen bees . "
this action was upheld because , according to the u.s. court of appeals for the first circuit , her statement suggested a lack of remorse , an attempt to avoid responsibility for her actions , and even a likelihood of repeating her illegal actions .
the only thing captured in the image was the metal locking screw on the camera lens .
this is not a valid comparison—the inner mitochondria membrane is used to run proton pumps and carry out oxidative phosphorylation across to generate atp energy .
with the death of captain francis fowke , royal engineers the next architect to work at the museum was colonel ( later major general ) henry young darracott scott , also of the royal engineers .
the use of remote sensing for the conservation of the amazon is also being used by the indigenous tribes of the basin to protect their tribal lands from commercial interests .
[ citation needed ] a group of huguenots was part of the french colonisers who arrived in brazil in 1555 to found france antarctique .
he proposed an academic discussion of the power and usefulness of indulgences in his ninety-five theses of 1517. his refusal to retract all of his writings at the demand of pope leo x in 1520 and the holy roman emperor charles v at the diet of worms in 1521 resulted in his excommunication by the pope and condemnation as an outlaw by the emperor .
the upper rhine had been part of the areal of the late hallstatt culture since the 6th century bc , and by the 1st century bc , the areal of the la tène culture covered almost its entire length , forming a contact zone with the jastorf culture , i.e .
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) .
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche .
the flushing action of tears and urine also mechanically expels pathogens , while mucus secreted by the respiratory and gastrointestinal tract serves to trap and entangle microorganisms .
on 15 june 1520 , the pope warned luther with the papal bull ( edict ) exsurge domine that he risked excommunication unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings , including the 95 theses , within 60 days .
networks affiliates approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002. in september , disney chairman/ceo michael eisner outlined a proposed realignment of the abc broadcast network day parts with the similar unit in its cable channels : abc saturday mornings with disney channels ( toon & playhouse ) , abc daytime with soapnet and abc prime time with abc family .
islamists have asked the question , " if islam is a way of life , how can we say that those who want to live by its principles in legal , social , political , economic , and political spheres of life are not muslims , but islamists and believe in islamism , not [ just ] islam ? "
the bond can be variously described based on level of theory , but is reasonably and simply described as a covalent double bond that results from the filling of molecular orbitals formed from the atomic orbitals of the individual oxygen atoms , the filling of which results in a bond order of two .
the glass collection covers 4000 years of glass making , and has over 6000 items from africa , britain , europe , america and asia .
sky uk limited ( formerly british sky broadcasting or bskyb ) is a british telecommunications company which serves the united kingdom .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
after the fortress fell , genghis supposedly reneged on his surrender terms and executed every soldier that had taken arms against him at samarkand .
nation 's script became the second doctor who serial – the daleks ( a.k.a . the mutants ) .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
the story is based on comments made by philipp melanchthon , though it is thought that he was not in wittenberg at the time .
since the peace of westphalia , the upper rhine formed a contentious border between france and germany .
during his stay at wartburg , which he referred to as " my patmos " , luther translated the new testament from greek into german and poured out doctrinal and polemical writings .
colloblasts are specialized mushroom-shaped cells in the outer layer of the epidermis , and have three main components : a domed head with vesicles ( chambers ) that contain adhesive ; a stalk that anchors the cell in the lower layer of the epidermis or in the mesoglea ; and a spiral thread that coils round the stalk and is attached to the head and to the root of the stalk .
water in equilibrium with air contains approximately 1 molecule of dissolved o 2 for every 2 molecules of n 2 , compared to an atmospheric ratio of approximately 1:4. the solubility of oxygen in water is temperature-dependent , and about twice as much ( 14.6 mg·l−1 ) dissolves at 0 °c than at 20 °c ( 7.6 mg·l−1 ) .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
according to the kenya national bureau of statistics , in 2011 there were 65,000 qualified nurses registered in the country ; 8,600 clinical officers and 7,000 doctors for the population of 43 million people ( these figures from official registers include those who have died or left the profession hence the actual number of these workers may be lower ) .
30 us states have banned corporal punishment , the others ( mostly in the south ) have not .
in september 2007 , sky launched a new tv advertising campaign targeting sky+ at women .
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes .
if pathogens successfully evade the innate response , vertebrates possess a second layer of protection , the adaptive immune system , which is activated by the innate response .
during 2003–04 , the gross value of victorian agricultural production increased by 17 % to $ 8.7 billion .
basic formal education starts at age six years and lasts 12 years comprising eight years in primary school and four years in high school or secondary school .
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan .
as a member of the scottish parliamentary corporate body , the presiding officer is responsible for ensuring that the parliament functions effectively and has the staff , property and resources it requires to operate .
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey .
the doctor 's first companions seen on screen were his granddaughter susan foreman ( carole ann ford ) and her teachers barbara wright ( jacqueline hill ) and ian chesterton ( william russell ) .
other recommendations included that the panel employ a full-time staff and remove government oversight from its processes to avoid political interference .
kublai 's government faced financial difficulties after 1279. wars and construction projects had drained the mongol treasury .
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution .
in the early pleistocene , the rhine followed a course to the northwest , through the present north sea .
it is connected to the city via the metro light rail system and a journey into newcastle city centre takes approximately 20 minutes .
ranked positions in the pre-heian imperial court were established ; and this organizational structure remained largely intact until the meiji restoration ( 1868 ) .
scott also designed the two cast courts 1870–73 to the southeast of the garden ( the site of the " brompton boilers " ) , these vast spaces have ceilings 70 feet ( 21 m ) in height to accommodate the plaster casts of parts of famous buildings , including trajan 's column ( in two separate pieces ) .
according to the second law of thermodynamics , nonconservative forces necessarily result in energy transformations within closed systems from ordered to more random conditions as entropy increases .
the usgs has released a california earthquake forecast which models earthquake occurrence in california .
in hinduism the spiritual teacher is known as a guru , and , in many traditions of hinduism - especially those common in the west - the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high , with gurus often exercising a great deal of control over the lives of their disciples .
the first building to be erected that still forms part of the museum was the sheepshanks gallery in 1857 on the eastern side of the garden .
28 june ] 1856 into a serb family in the village of smiljan , austrian empire ( modern-day croatia ) .
at the time the only concern was that member states should be prevented from violating human rights , hence the establishment of the european convention on human rights in 1950 and the establishment of the european court of human rights .
citizenship of the eu has increasingly been seen as a " fundamental " status of member state nationals by the court of justice , and has accordingly increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move .
linebacker luke kuechly had 11 total tackles , while thomas davis had seven , despite playing just two weeks after breaking his right arm in the nfc title game .
to the east of this were additional galleries , the decoration of which was the work of another designer owen jones , these were the oriental courts ( covering india , china and japan ) completed in 1863 , none of this decoration survives , part of these galleries became the new galleries covering the 19th century , opened in december 2006. the last work by fowke was the design for the range of buildings on the north and west sides of the garden , this includes the refreshment rooms , reinstated as the museum café in 2006 , with the silver gallery above , ( at the time the ceramics gallery ) , the top floor has a splendid lecture theatre although this is seldom open to the general public .
later in his life , he did not consider himself to be a " believer in the orthodox sense , " and opposed religious fanaticism .
an evasion strategy used by several pathogens to avoid the innate immune system is to hide within the cells of their host ( also called intracellular pathogenesis ) .
students at the university of chicago run over 400 clubs and organizations known as recognized student organizations ( rsos ) .
the unproven riemann hypothesis , dating from 1859 , states that except for s = −2 , −4 , ... , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 .
since the creation of the doctor who character by bbc television in the early 1960s , a myriad of stories have been published about doctor who , in different media : apart from the actual television episodes that continue to be produced by the bbc , there have also been novels , comics , short stories , audio books , radio plays , interactive video games , game books , webcasts , dvd extras , and even stage performances .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
in england , the period of norman architecture immediately succeeds that of the anglo-saxon and precedes the early gothic .
he insisted that , since forgiveness was god 's alone to grant , those who claimed that indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation were in error .
for many years , sudan had an islamist regime under the leadership of hassan al-turabi .
the british empire was the largest empire that the world has ever seen both in terms of landmass and population .
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 .
[ citation needed ] since ireland refused to consent to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 , there remains one commissioner for each of the 28 member states , including the president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ( currently federica mogherini ) .
major genghis khan statues have been erected before the parliament and near ulaanbaatar .
within the eu itself , the court of justice 's view is that if eu law conflicts with a provision of national law , then eu law has primacy .
while in most cases importation of prescription medications violates food and drug administration ( fda ) regulations and federal laws , enforcement is generally targeted at international drug suppliers , rather than consumers .
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits .
members may also receive higher wages through collective bargaining , political influence , or corruption .
the work of modernists in the collection include le corbusier , marcel breuer , charles and ray eames , and giò ponti .
a resurgence came in the late 19th century , with the scramble for africa and major additions in asia and the middle east .
the network also struggled to establish new comedies to support the previous year 's debuts , with only late-season premiere happy endings earning a second season .
in 1950 , noble appointed robert kintner to be abc 's president while he himself served as its ceo , a position he would hold until his death in 1958. despite the promise of non-interference between abc and upt , goldenson had to intervene in abc 's decisions because of financial problems and the fcc 's long period of indecision .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
the lockstep situation of the ipcc is having built a broad science consensus while states and governments still follow different , if not opposing goals .
philip segal , a british expatriate who worked for columbia pictures ' television arm in the united states , had approached the bbc about such a venture as early as july 1989 , while the 26th series was still in production .
david rodda noted that from 1984 and 1991 , the number of quality rental units decreased as the demand for higher quality housing increased ( rhoda 1994:148 ) .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
because the job of bundle sheath chloroplasts is to carry out the calvin cycle and make sugar , they often contain large starch grains .
roughly contemporaneous with maududi was the founding of the muslim brotherhood in ismailiyah , egypt in 1928 by hassan al banna .
the rhine is the longest river in germany .
small subunit ribosomal rnas in several chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts lack motifs for shine-dalgarno sequence recognition , which is considered essential for translation initiation in most chloroplasts and prokaryotes .
using the german vernacular , they expressed the apostles ' creed in simpler , more personal , trinitarian language .
he is also given credit for the introduction of the traditional mongolian script and the creation of the ikh zasag ( great administration ) , the first written mongolian law .
long integrated into australian society , it is encouraged by the huguenot society of australia to embrace and conserve its cultural heritage , aided by the society 's genealogical research services .
watt independently discovered latent heat , which was confirmed by the original discoverer joseph black , who also advised watt on experimental procedures .
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across .
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit .
in particular , medication therapy management ( mtm ) includes the clinical services that pharmacists can provide for their patients .
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) .
for a while , frame relay was used to interconnect lans across wide area networks . however , x.25 and well as frame relay have been supplanted by the internet protocol ( ip ) at the network layer , and the asynchronous transfer mode ( atm ) and or versions of multi-protocol label switching ( mpls ) at layer two .
in many countries , elementary school education certificate is earned after completion of high school .
luther said , " we want to practice christian love toward them and pray that they convert , " but also that they are " our public enemies ... and if they could kill us all , they would gladly do so .
trained as a lawyer he chose the profession of journalism , and wrote about contemporary issues and most importantly about islam and islamic law .
during 1942 , pinedale , in what is now north fresno , was the site of the pinedale assembly center , an interim facility for the relocation of fresno area japanese americans to internment camps .
the black death is thought to have originated in the arid plains of central asia , where it then travelled along the silk road , reaching crimea by 1343. from there , it was most likely carried by oriental rat fleas living on the black rats that were regular passengers on merchant ships .
seeing this as damaging to the mongol nation , kublai in 1291 forbade the sale abroad of mongols .
although the spanish takeover of the louisiana territory ( which was not completed until 1769 ) had modest repercussions , the british takeover of spanish florida resulted in the westward migration of tribes that did not want to do business with the british , and a rise in tensions between the choctaw and the creek , historic enemies whose divisions the british at times exploited .
however , unlike the western khanates , the yuan dynasty never converted to islam .
most species are hermaphrodites—a single animal can produce both eggs and sperm , meaning it can fertilize its own egg , not needing a mate .
after this , huguenots ( with estimates ranging from 200,000 to 1,000,000 ) fled to surrounding protestant countries : england , the netherlands , switzerland , norway , denmark , and prussia — whose calvinist great elector frederick william welcomed them to help rebuild his war-ravaged and underpopulated country .
in what became known as the st. bartholomew 's day massacre of 24 august – 3 october 1572 , catholics killed thousands of huguenots in paris .
on the french side , the grand canal d'alsace was dug , which carries a significant part of the river water , and all of the traffic .
linebacker luke kuechly had 11 total tackles , while thomas davis had seven , despite playing just two weeks after breaking his right arm in the nfc title game .
welsh medium education is available to all age groups through nurseries , schools , colleges and universities and in adult education ; lessons in the language itself are compulsory for all pupils until the age of 16 .
the neighborhood lies southwest of the 99 freeway ( which divides it from downtown fresno ) , west of the 41 freeway and south of nielsen ave ( or the newly constructed 180 freeway ) , and extends to the city limits to the west and south .
various mongol tribes were shamanist , buddhist or christian .
since the rhine contributes most of the water , the shorter term rhine delta is commonly used .
climate fluctuations during the last 34 million years have allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics .
charles avison , the leading british composer of concertos in the 18th century , was born in newcastle upon tyne in 1709 and died there in 1770. basil hume , archbishop of westminster , was born in the city in 1923. vice admiral cuthbert collingwood , 1st baron collingwood , was born in the city .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
roger 's son , roger ii of sicily , was crowned king in 1130 ( exactly one century after rainulf was " crowned " count ) by antipope anacletus ii .
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made .
only a few drops of the liquid were produced in either case so no meaningful analysis could be conducted .
many of the empire 's nomadic inhabitants considered themselves mongols in military and civilian life , including mongols , turks and others and included many diverse khans of various ethnicities as part of the mongol empire such as muhammad khan .
a september 1565 french naval attack against the new spanish colony at st. augustine failed when its ships were hit by a hurricane on their way to the spanish encampment at fort matanzas .
in 1418 , jean 's nephew maciot de bethencourt sold the rights to the islands to enrique pérez de guzmán , 2nd count de niebla .
the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century saw a battle between " cellular " and " humoral " theories of immunity .
the cestida ( " belt animals " ) are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals , with the mouth and aboral organ aligned in the middle of opposite edges of the ribbon .
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast .
i would be doing a service if i killed my father when he is hunting , made an alliance with sultan muhammad , brought this land to life and gave assistance and support to the muslims . "
newton 's first law of motion states that objects continue to move in a state of constant velocity unless acted upon by an external net force or resultant force .
again in 2003 , colin baker and sylvester mccoy appeared together in the audio adventure project : lazarus .
these include rifts with his early allies such as jamukha ( who also wanted to be a ruler of mongol tribes ) and wang khan ( his and his father 's ally ) , his son jochi , and problems with the most important shaman , who was allegedly trying to drive a wedge between him and his loyal brother khasar .
through gentrification of older neighbourhoods , for example , in east new york , rental prices increased rapidly as landlords found new residents willing to pay higher market rate for housing and left lower income families without rental units .
in 1979 , less than a year after becoming pope , john paul celebrated mass in victory square in warsaw and ended his sermon with a call to " renew the face " of poland : let thy spirit descend !
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
oxygen is also stored and shipped in smaller cylinders containing the compressed gas ; a form that is useful in certain portable medical applications and oxy-fuel welding and cutting .
teu article 16 ( 4 ) and tfeu article 238 ( 3 ) define this to mean at least 55 per cent of the council members ( not votes ) representing 65 per cent of the population of the eu : currently this means around 74 per cent , or 260 of the 352 votes .
other institutions for higher education include the medical university of warsaw , the largest medical school in poland and one of the most prestigious , the national defence university , highest military academic institution in poland , the fryderyk chopin university of music the oldest and largest music school in poland , and one of the largest in europe , the warsaw school of economics , the oldest and most renowned economic university in the country , and the warsaw university of life sciences the largest agricultural university founded in 1818 .
the impact of the technologies invented or envisioned by tesla is a recurring theme in several types of science fiction .
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes .
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique .
the original logo used for the first doctor ( and briefly for the second doctor ) was reused in a slightly modified format for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " during the eleventh doctor 's run .
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl .
he came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of northeast asia .
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century .
today , warsaw has some of the best medical facilities in poland and east-central europe .
king david i of scotland , whose elder brother alexander i had married sybilla of normandy , was instrumental in introducing normans and norman culture to scotland , part of the process some scholars call the " davidian revolution " .
chloroplasts have their own dna , often abbreviated as ctdna , or cpdna .
the medieval esteve pharmacy , located in llívia , a catalan enclave close to puigcerdà , also now a museum , dates back to the 15th century , keeping albarellos from the 16th and 17th centuries , old prescription books and antique drugs .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
however , in the early 11th century the dukes began a programme of church reform , encouraging the cluniac reform of monasteries and patronising intellectual pursuits , especially the proliferation of scriptoria and the reconstitution of a compilation of lost illuminated manuscripts .
the ministry of gender and child affairs employed 400 child protection officers in 2009. the causes of child labour include poverty , the lack of access to education and weak government institutions .
legislative changes are recorded in the book of discipline which is revised after each general conference .
starch storing amyloplasts can also be converted to chromoplasts , and it is possible for proplastids to develop straight into chromoplasts .
the g mission was achieved on apollo 11 in july 1969 by an all-gemini veteran crew consisting of neil armstrong , michael collins and buzz aldrin .
the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences is to elect and appoint bishops , the chief administrators of the church .
since the relaunch of the programme in 2005 , a new range of novels have been published by bbc books .
preventable diseases like malaria , hiv/aids , pneumonia , diarrhoea and malnutrition are the biggest burden , major child-killers , and responsible for much morbidity ; weak policies , corruption , inadequate health workers , weak management and poor leadership in the public health sector are largely to blame .
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls .
all three cathedrals began their lives as parish churches .
the 2012 act conferred further fiscal devolution including borrowing powers and some other unconnected matters such as setting speed limits and control of air guns .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
the statement was in latin , apart from " we are beggars , " which was in german .
the swiss cities , however , did not sign these agreements .
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students .
those huguenots who stayed in france became catholics and were called " new converts " .
additionally , steeper tax progressivity applied to social spending can result in a more equal distribution of income across the board .
over a 200-year period , average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 14- and 15-year cicadas would be up to 2 % higher than during outbreaks of 13- and 17-year cicadas .
in 1844 , the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences because of tensions over slavery and the power of bishops in the denomination .
construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser , while construction typically takes place on location for a known client .
on 31 july 1963 whitaker commissioned terry nation to write a story under the title the mutants .
during the protestant reformation , lefevre , a professor at the university of paris , published his french translation of the new testament in 1523 , followed by the whole bible in the french language in 1530. william farel was a student of lefevre who went on to become a leader of the swiss reformation , establishing a protestant government in geneva .
during the divestment from south africa movement in the late 1980s , student activists erected a symbolic " shantytown " on harvard yard and blockaded a speech given by south african vice consul duke kent-brown .
woodward park , which features the shinzen japanese gardens , numerous picnic areas and several miles of trails , is in north fresno and is adjacent to the san joaquin river parkway .
his large body also let the viewer know that he did not shun earthly pleasures like drinking—behavior that was a stark contrast to the ascetic life of the medieval religious orders .
the centre refreshment room 1865–77 was designed in a renaissance style by james gamble , the walls and even the ionic columns are covered in decorative and moulded ceramic tile , the ceiling consists of elaborate designs on enamelled metal sheets and matching stained-glass windows , the marble fireplace was designed and sculpted by alfred stevens and was removed from dorchester house prior to that building 's demolition in 1929. the grill room 1876–81 was designed by sir edward poynter , the lower part of the walls consist of blue and white tiles with various figures and foliage enclosed by wood panelling , above there are large tiled scenes with figures depicting the four seasons and the twelve months these were painted by ladies from the art school then based in the museum , the windows are also stained glass , there is an elaborate cast-iron grill still in place .
they synthesize ordinary starch , which is stored in granules found in the periplastid space—outside the original double membrane , in the place that corresponds to the red alga 's cytoplasm .
after kenya 's independence on 12 december 1963 , an authority named the ominde commission was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty .
the royal geographical society of london and other geographical societies in europe had great influence and were able to fund travelers who would come back with tales of their discoveries .
temüjin was to live there in service to dai setsen , the head of the new household , until he reached the marriageable age of 12 .
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
a restartable version of the s-ivb was used as the third stage of the saturn v. the saturn ib could send over 40,000 pounds ( 18,100 kg ) into low earth orbit , sufficient for a partially fueled csm or the lm .
accountants act to study the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process .
as a consequence , luther was excommunicated by pope leo x on 3 january 1521 , in the bull decet romanum pontificem .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
in 2010 , the eleventh doctor similarly calls himself " the eleventh " in " the lodger " .
uniflow engines attempt to remedy the difficulties arising from the usual counterflow cycle where , during each stroke , the port and the cylinder walls will be cooled by the passing exhaust steam , whilst the hotter incoming admission steam will waste some of its energy in restoring working temperature .
according to the prevailing view among historians , his anti-jewish rhetoric contributed significantly to the development of antisemitism in germany , and in the 1930s and 1940s provided an " ideal underpinning " for the nazis ' attacks on jews .
the years of struggle with rome , the antagonisms with and among his fellow reformers , and the scandal which ensued from the bigamy of the philip of hesse incident , in which luther had played a leading role , all may have contributed .
he is looked upon positively by mongolians for his role in uniting warring tribes .
the trout river , a major tributary of the st. johns river , is located entirely within jacksonville .
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages .
the university operates 12 research institutes and 113 research centers on campus .
prime ideals are the points of algebro-geometric objects , via the notion of the spectrum of a ring .
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique .
the mermaid ( syrenka ) is warsaw 's symbol and can be found on statues throughout the city and on the city 's coat of arms .
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us .
the victory was made complete in 1760 when , despite losing outside quebec city in the battle of sainte-foy , the british were able to prevent the arrival of french relief ships in the naval battle of the restigouche while armies marched on montreal from three sides .
he had to work at various electrical repair jobs and even as a ditch digger for $ 2 per day .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
southern california includes the heavily built-up urban area stretching along the pacific coast from ventura , through the greater los angeles area and the inland empire , and down to greater san diego .
the john crerar library contains more than 1.3 million volumes in the biological , medical and physical sciences and collections in general science and the philosophy and history of science , medicine , and technology .
the university partially manages argonne national laboratory , part of the united states department of energy 's national laboratory system , and has a joint stake in fermilab , a nearby particle physics laboratory , as well as a stake in the apache point observatory in sunspot , new mexico .
luther 's 1541 hymn " christ unser herr zum jordan kam " ( " to jordan came the christ our lord " ) reflects the structure and substance of his questions and answers concerning baptism in the small catechism .
in a progressive tax system , the level of the top tax rate will often have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society , either increasing it or decreasing it , provided that income does not change as a result of the change in tax regime .
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) .
as a result , primary school enrolment increased by about 70 % .
in september 1971 , opec issued a joint communiqué stating that , from then on , they would price oil in terms of a fixed amount of gold .
the islamist groups like hezbollah in lebanon and hamas in palestine participate in democratic and political process as well as armed attacks , seeking to abolish the state of israel .
kenya has a warm and humid tropical climate on its indian ocean coastline .
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
in 1899 , john jacob astor iv invested $ 100,000 for tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system .
following evaluation of bids , the owner typically awards a contract to the most cost efficient bidder .
in primary schools each class has a teacher who stays with them for most of the week and will teach them the whole curriculum .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market .
however , the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... diverges ( i.e. , exceeds any given number ) , so there must be infinitely many primes .
private bills normally relate to large-scale development projects such as infrastructure projects that require the use of land or property .
the espn deportes spanish broadcast was made available through watchespn .
the uk subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the agreement on social policy , the 1994 works council directive , which required workforce consultation in businesses , and the 1996 parental leave directive .
this is because , for orthogonal components , the components of the vector sum are uniquely determined by the scalar addition of the components of the individual vectors .
while in-house production had ceased , the bbc hoped to find an independent production company to relaunch the show .
at the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 , the governors of british east africa ( as the protectorate was generally known ) and german east africa agreed a truce in an attempt to keep the young colonies out of direct hostilities .
the present building was begun in the 12th century and the last addition to it , apart from the vestries , was the main porch in 1726. it is quite possible that there was an earlier church here dating from saxon times .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
they also spread beyond europe to the dutch cape colony in south africa , the dutch east indies , the caribbean , and several of the english colonies of north america , and quebec , where they were accepted and allowed to worship freely .
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne .
he embarked on a plan for the 1758 campaign that was largely developed by loudoun .
the report , a two-page statement of the university 's policy in " social and political action , " declared that " to perform its mission in the society , a university must sustain an extraordinary environment of freedom of inquiry and maintain an independence from political fashions , passions , and pressures . "
because of the failure to explain the deamination gradient as well as the numerous plant species that have been shown to have circular cpdna , the predominant theory continues to hold that most cpdna is circular and most likely replicates via a d loop mechanism .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
in the early 1970s , trevor martin played the role in doctor who and the daleks in the seven keys to doomsday .
when a t-cell encounters a foreign pathogen , it extends a vitamin d receptor .
in response to american aid to israel , on october 16 , 1973 , opec raised the posted price of oil by 70 % , to $ 5.11 a barrel .
some remote sensing scientists have proposed using the measurement of the radiance coming from vegetation canopies in those bands to characterize plant health status from a satellite platform .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
with great britain having claimed the entire australian continent east of the 135th meridian east in 1788 , victoria was included in the wider colony of new south wales .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
in the later 19th century , the increasing backlash against industrialization , led by john ruskin , contributed to the arts and crafts movement .
mid-ocean ridges , high regions on the seafloor where hydrothermal vents and volcanoes exist , were explained as divergent boundaries , where two plates move apart .
this and other experiments on combustion were documented in his book sur la combustion en général , which was published in 1777. in that work , he proved that air is a mixture of two gases ; 'vital air ' , which is essential to combustion and respiration , and azote ( gk .
some scholars , such as mark u. edwards in his book luther 's last battles : politics and polemics 1531–46 ( 1983 ) , suggest that since luther 's increasingly antisemitic views developed during the years his health deteriorated , it is possible they were at least partly the product of a declining state of mind .
the wine industry in south africa owes a significant debt to the huguenots , some of whom had vineyards in france , or were brandy distillers , and used their skills in their new home .
the capture of warũhiũ itote ( aka general china ) on 15 january 1954 and the subsequent interrogation led to a better understanding of the mau mau command structure .
the g mission was achieved on apollo 11 in july 1969 by an all-gemini veteran crew consisting of neil armstrong , michael collins and buzz aldrin .
according to the prevailing view among historians , his anti-jewish rhetoric contributed significantly to the development of antisemitism in germany , and in the 1930s and 1940s provided an " ideal underpinning " for the nazis ' attacks on jews .
the grateful king bestowed the motto " fortiter defendit triumphans " ( " triumphing by a brave defence " ) upon the town .
li tan , the son-in-law of a powerful official , instigated a revolt against mongol rule in 1262. after successfully suppressing the revolt , kublai curbed the influence of the han chinese advisers in his court .
kenya is known for its safaris , diverse climate and geography , and expansive wildlife reserves and national parks such as the east and west tsavo national park , the maasai mara , lake nakuru national park , and aberdares national park .
temüjin began his ascent to power by offering himself as an ally ( or , according to other sources , a vassal ) to his father 's anda ( sworn brother or blood brother ) toghrul , who was khan of the keraites , and is better known by the chinese title " wang khan " , which the jurchen jin dynasty granted him in 1197. this relationship was first reinforced when börte was captured by the merkits .
in recent decades , reciprocating diesel engines , and gas turbines , have almost entirely supplanted steam propulsion for marine applications .
the harvard university library system is centered in widener library in harvard yard and comprises nearly 80 individual libraries holding over 18 million volumes .
are prime for any natural number n. here represents the floor function , i.e. , largest integer not greater than the number in question .
evaporative cooling towers need less water flow than " once-through " cooling by river or lake water ; a 700 megawatt coal-fired power plant may use about 3600 cubic metres of make-up water every hour for evaporative cooling , but would need about twenty times as much if cooled by river water .
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study .
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " .
on february 9 , 1953 , the fcc approved upt 's purchase of abc in exchange for $ 25 million in shares .
luther wrote " aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir " ( " from depths of woe i cry to you " ) in 1523 as a hymnic version of psalm 130 and sent it as a sample to encourage evangelical colleagues to write psalm-hymns for use in german worship .
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum .
in the case of spacesuits , the o 2 partial pressure in the breathing gas is , in general , about 30 kpa ( 1.4 times normal ) , and the resulting o 2 partial pressure in the astronaut 's arterial blood is only marginally more than normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure ( for more information on this , see space suit and arterial blood gas ) .
the presiding officer also represents the scottish parliament at home and abroad in an official capacity .
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 .
the roughly half-mile stretch of kearney boulevard between fresno street and thorne ave was at one time the preferred neighborhood for fresno 's elite african-american families .
euglenophytes are a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga .
this resulted in one main case , commission v edith cresson where the european court of justice held that a commissioner giving her dentist a job , for which he was clearly unqualified , did in fact not break any law .
the small catechism has earned a reputation as a model of clear religious teaching .
the programme was relaunched in 2005 by russell t davies , who was showrunner and head writer for the first five years of its revival , produced in-house by bbc wales in cardiff .
the displays in this gallery cover objects from spain , north africa , the middle east , central asia and afghanistan .
inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection .
on may 9 , 1960 , wls launched a new lineup consisting of abc radio programming .
the first methodist clergy were ordained by john wesley , a priest of the church of england , because of the crisis caused by the american revolution which isolated the methodists in the states from the church of england and its sacraments .
the united methodist church is the largest denomination within the wider methodist movement , which has approximately 80 million adherents across the world .
many centuries later leonardo da vinci built on philo 's work by observing that a portion of air is consumed during combustion and respiration .
in 2014 , enr compiled the data in nine market segments .
then he imposed penalties , closed huguenot schools and excluded them from favored professions .
victoria is australia 's most densely populated state and its second-most populous state overall .
doctor who originally ran for 26 seasons on bbc one , from 23 november 1963 until 6 december 1989. during the original run , each weekly episode formed part of a story ( or " serial " ) — usually of four to six parts in earlier years and three to four in later years .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl .
luther 's small catechism proved especially effective in helping parents teach their children ; likewise the larger catechism was effective for pastors .
however that year , abc had only 14 primary affiliates compared to the 74 that carried the majority of cbs programs and the 71 that were primarily affiliated with nbc .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports .
apollo/saturn vehicles were also used for an apollo applications program , which consisted of skylab , a space station that supported three manned missions in 1973–74 , and the apollo–soyuz test project , a joint earth orbit mission with the soviet union in 1975 .
trioxygen ( o 3 ) is usually known as ozone and is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue .
in addition there are regulatory t cells which have a role in modulating immune response .
and " [ that ] reason in no way contributes to faith .
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean .
these animals possess a large array of molecules called variable lymphocyte receptors ( vlrs ) that , like the antigen receptors of jawed vertebrates , are produced from only a small number ( one or two ) of genes .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
harvard 's alumni include eight u.s. presidents , several foreign heads of state , 62 living billionaires , 335 rhodes scholars , and 242 marshall scholars .
atp synthase is a large protein complex that harnesses the concentration gradient of the hydrogen ions in the thylakoid space to generate atp energy as the hydrogen ions flow back out into the stroma—much like a dam turbine .
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area .
the current 8–4–4 system was launched in january 1985. it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector .
however , a residual of the force is observed between hadrons ( the best known example being the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei ) as the nuclear force .
however , other researchers have argued that the placement of ctenophora as sister to all other animals is a statistical anomaly caused by the high rate of evolution in ctenophore genomes , and that porifera ( sponges ) is the earliest-diverging animal phylum instead .
for the third straight season , the number one seeds from both conferences met in the super bowl .
this biogeochemical cycle describes the movement of oxygen within and between its three main reservoirs on earth : the atmosphere , the biosphere , and the lithosphere .
instead they begin with a phrase that reads : " the bill for this act of the scottish parliament was passed by the parliament on [ date ] and received royal assent on [ date ] " .
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm .
he had long condemned vows of celibacy on biblical grounds , but his decision to marry surprised many , not least melanchthon , who called it reckless .
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular .
the experimental measurements made by watt on a model steam engine led to the development of the separate condenser .
orientalism , as theorized by edward said , refers to how the west developed an imaginative geography of the east .
a fundamental error was the belief that a force is required to maintain motion , even at a constant velocity .
the talk/lifestyle show that replaced one life to live , the revolution , failed to generate satisfactory ratings and was in turn canceled after only seven months .
a study in 1999 found one square kilometer ( 247 acres ) of amazon rainforest can contain about 90,790 tonnes of living plants .
between 1232 and 1233 , kaifeng fell to the mongols under the reign of genghis ' third son , ögedei khan .
it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968. consolidation gave jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits ; with an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014 , it is the most populous city proper in florida and the southeast , and the 12th most populous in the united states .
the galleries overlooking the garden are arranged by theme , tomb sculpture , portraiture , garden sculpture and mythology .
robert guiscard , an other norman adventurer previously elevated to the dignity of count of apulia as the result of his military successes , ultimately drove the byzantines out of southern italy .
generally speaking , while all member states recognise that eu law takes primacy over national law where this agreed in the treaties , they do not accept that the court of justice has the final say on foundational constitutional questions affecting democracy and human rights .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) .
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " .
extraordinary general elections are in addition to ordinary general elections , unless held less than six months before the due date of an ordinary general election , in which case they supplant it .
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river .
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy .
fees range from under £3,000 to £21,000 and above per year for day pupils , rising to £27,000+ per year for boarders .
while the determination of responsibility for the accident was complex , the review board concluded that " deficiencies existed in command module design , workmanship and quality control . "
combustion hazards also apply to compounds of oxygen with a high oxidative potential , such as peroxides , chlorates , nitrates , perchlorates , and dichromates because they can donate oxygen to a fire .
because article 30 clearly , unconditionally and immediately stated that no quantitative restrictions could be placed on trade , without a good justification , van gend en loos could recover the money it paid for the tariff .
following the 9/11 attacks , however , abu hamza al-masri , the imam of the finsbury park mosque , was arrested and charged with incitement to terrorism which has caused many islamists to leave the uk to avoid internment .
william pitt came to power and significantly increased british military resources in the colonies at a time when france was unwilling to risk large convoys to aid the limited forces it had in new france .
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty .
other original plays have been staged as amateur productions , with other actors playing the doctor , while terry nation wrote the curse of the daleks , a stage play mounted in the late 1960s , but without the doctor .
stairs from the riverside to higher parts of the city centre and the extant castle keep , originally recorded in the 14th century , remain intact in places .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
in the united states 90 % of the electric power is produced in this way using a variety of heat sources .
he was a believer in the 19th century concept of an all pervasive " ether " that transmitted electrical energy .
tesla theorized that the application of electricity to the brain enhanced intelligence .
along with giving the offender his " just deserts " , achieving crime control via incapacitation and deterrence is a major goal of criminal punishment .
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started .
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus .
while the maria skłodowska-curie institute of oncology it is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in europe .
the rotational inertia of planet earth is what fixes the constancy of the length of a day and the length of a year .
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . )
in 1998 , the network began using a minimalist graphical identity , designed by pittard sullivan , featuring a small black-and-white " abc circle " logo on a yellow background ( promotions during this time also featured a sequence of still photos of the stars of its programs during the timeslot card as well as the schedule sequence that began each night 's prime time lineup ) .
he often accompanied the sung hymns with a lute , later recreated as the waldzither that became a national instrument of germany in the 20th century .
the russian leader lenin suggested that " imperialism was the highest form of capitalism , claiming that imperialism developed after colonialism , and was distinguished from colonialism by monopoly capitalism " .
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks .
in 2009 , nasa 's robotic lunar reconnaissance orbiter , while orbiting 50 kilometers ( 31 mi ) above the moon , began photographing the remnants of the apollo program left on the lunar surface , and photographed each site where manned apollo flights landed .
in 1564 a group of norman huguenots under the leadership of jean ribault established the small colony of fort caroline on the banks of the st. johns river in what is today jacksonville , florida .
a consortium led by the international crops research institute for the semi-arid tropics ( icrisat ) has had some success in helping farmers grow new pigeon pea varieties , instead of maize , in particularly dry areas .
refined hindu and buddhist sculptures reflect the influence of india ; items on show include betel-nut cutters , ivory combs and bronze palanquin hooks .
the region was a leader in the housing bubble 2001–2007 , and has been heavily impacted by the housing crash .
dr. harrison schmitt , a geologist , was the first nasa scientist astronaut to fly in space , and landed on the moon on the last mission , apollo 17. schmitt participated in the lunar geology training of all of the apollo landing crews .
these professional qualifications may include the study of pedagogy , the science of teaching .
tesla 's back was severely wrenched and three of his ribs were broken in the accident ( the full extent of his injuries will never be known ; tesla refused to consult a doctor—an almost lifelong custom ) .
westinghouse also hired tesla for one year for the large fee of $ 2,000 ( $ 52,700 in today 's dollars ) per month to be a consultant at the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company 's pittsburgh labs .
wittenberg became even more volatile after christmas when a band of visionary zealots , the so-called zwickau prophets , arrived , preaching revolutionary doctrines such as the equality of man , adult baptism , and christ 's imminent return .
elections for the victorian parliament are now fixed and occur in november every four years .
he strongly disputed the claim that freedom from god 's punishment for sin could be purchased with money .
subject committees are established at the beginning of each parliamentary session , and again the members on each committee reflect the balance of parties across parliament .
clinical pharmacists care for patients in all health care settings , but the clinical pharmacy movement initially began inside hospitals and clinics .
nasa discontinued the manned block i program , using the block i spacecraft only for unmanned saturn v flights .
zhèng ( chinese : 正 ) meaning " right " , " just " , or " true " , would have received the mongolian adjectival modifier -s , creating " jenggis " , which in medieval romanization would be written " genghis " .
the innate leukocytes include the phagocytes ( macrophages , neutrophils , and dendritic cells ) , mast cells , eosinophils , basophils , and natural killer cells .
the v & a covers 12.5 acres ( 51,000 m2 ) and 145 galleries .
almost all the rocks show evidence of impact process effects .
in general there were very few north chinese or southerners reaching the highest-post in the government compared with the possibility that persians did so in the ilkhanate .
under the reign of genghis ' third son , ögedei khan , the mongols destroyed the weakened jin dynasty in 1234 , conquering most of northern china .
the first settlement in the area occurred in 1803 at sullivan bay , and much of what is now victoria was included in the port phillip district in 1836 , an administrative division of new south wales .
it remains in use today , along with luther 's hymns and his translation of the bible .
whilst this is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics , some teachers and parents advocate a more assertive and confrontational style of discipline .
a portion of grainger town was demolished in the 1960s to make way for the eldon square shopping centre , including all but one side of the original eldon square itself .
at 25 °c and 1 standard atmosphere ( 101.3 kpa ) of air , freshwater contains about 6.04 milliliters ( ml ) of oxygen per liter , whereas seawater contains about 4.95 ml per liter .
for many geologic applications , isotope ratios of radioactive elements are measured in minerals that give the amount of time that has passed since a rock passed through its particular closure temperature , the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
the main architecture gallery has a series of pillars from various buildings and different periods , for example a column from the alhambra .
the diffie–hellman key exchange relies on the fact that there are efficient algorithms for modular exponentiation , while the reverse operation the discrete logarithm is thought to be a hard problem .
:93 the normal force , for example , is responsible for the structural integrity of tables and floors as well as being the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object .
building construction is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings .
fresno is the largest u.s. city not directly linked to an interstate highway .
the image at the right illustrates that 12 is not prime : 12 = 3 · 4. no even number greater than 2 is prime because by definition , any such number n has at least three distinct divisors , namely 1 , 2 , and n. this implies that n is not prime .
examples of non-peer-reviewed sources include model results , reports from government agencies and non-governmental organizations , and industry journals .
that project was entitled the factory project to reference andy warhol and to create a factory to completely digitize the collection .
two block i csms were launched from lc-34 on suborbital flights in 1966 with the saturn ib .
students still derive a strong sense of security by staying with the same group of peers for all classes .
it is led by an executive committee , chaired by a president with the assistance of two vice presidents , one for administration and the other for student life , elected together as a slate by the student body each spring .
deacons assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism , and may be granted sacramental authority if they are appointed as the pastor in a local church .
later telling his father he was terrified of death and divine judgment , he cried out , " help !
a probabilistic turing machine is a deterministic turing machine with an extra supply of random bits .
around 1685 , huguenot refugees found a safe haven in the lutheran and reformed states in germany and scandinavia .
sometimes antibodies are generated against tumor cells allowing for their destruction by the complement system .
in january 2016 , moffat announced that he would step down after the 2017 finale , to be replaced by chris chibnall in 2018. in addition , series 10 will debut in spring 2017 , with a christmas special broadcast in 2016 .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal ( united states ) calendar of saints .
other notable structures include the 37-story wells fargo center ( with its distinctive flared base making it the defining building in the jacksonville skyline ) , originally built in 1972-74 by the independent life and accident insurance company , and the 28 floor riverplace tower which , when completed in 1967 , was the tallest precast , post-tensioned concrete structure in the world .
other , less frequently used names for the war include the fourth intercolonial war and the great war for the empire .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
by 17 september , almost 25,000 protestants had been massacred in paris alone .
the city of fresno is planned to serve the future california high speed rail .
unemployment can harm growth not only because it is a waste of resources , but also because it generates redistributive pressures and subsequent distortions , drives people to poverty , constrains liquidity limiting labor mobility , and erodes self-esteem promoting social dislocation , unrest and conflict .
stage 1 usually takes place , initially , in the relevant committee or committees and is then submitted to the whole parliament for a full debate in the chamber on the general principles of the bill .
economist joseph stiglitz argues that rather than explaining concentrations of wealth and income , market forces should serve as a brake on such concentration , which may better be explained by the non-market force known as " rent-seeking " .
in the us production , distribution and price disruptions " have been held responsible for recessions , periods of excessive inflation , reduced productivity , and lower economic growth . "
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan .
shark tank ( based on the dragon 's den reality format ) also became a midseason sleeper hit on sundays in the spring of 2010 ; the following season , it became the tentpole of the network 's friday night schedule , gradually helping make abc a strong competitor ( after being paired with 20/20 and beginning with the 2012–13 season , the tim allen sitcom last man standing ) against cbs ' long-dominant drama/reality lineup on that night for the first time since the " tgif " lineup ended in 2000 .
as such , the united methodist church established and is affiliated with around one hundred colleges and universities in the united states , including syracuse university , boston university , emory university , duke university , drew university , university of denver , university of evansville , and southern methodist university .
at present , the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to the north sea , through the former meuse estuary , near rotterdam .
the competition resulted in edison machine works pursuing ac development in 1890 and by 1892 thomas edison was no longer in control of his own company , which was consolidated into the conglomerate general electric and converting to an ac delivery system at that point .
the dornbirner ach had to be diverted , too , and it now flows parallel to the canalized rhine into the lake .
although lacking historical connections to the middle east , japan was the country most dependent on arab oil .
during that year , tesla worked in pittsburgh , helping to create an alternating current system to power the city 's streetcars .
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 .
in 1529 , warsaw for the first time became the seat of the general sejm , permanent from 1569. in 1573 the city gave its name to the warsaw confederation , formally establishing religious freedom in the polish–lithuanian commonwealth .
preschool teachers may earn £20,980 annually .
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl .
the title coined the term materia medica .
in a collaboration with paul speratus , this and seven other hymns were published in the achtliederbuch , the first lutheran hymnal .
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean .
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971. as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973. the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over and continued to play the character until doctor who 's hiatus in 1989. the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts .
most of the rhine 's current course was not under the ice during the last ice age ; although , its source must still have been a glacier .
this technology gave european armies an advantage over their opponents , as armies in less-developed countries were still fighting with arrows , swords , and leather shields ( e.g .
josel of rosheim , the jewish spokesman who tried to help the jews of saxony in 1537 , later blamed their plight on " that priest whose name was martin luther—may his body and soul be bound up in hell ! —who wrote and issued many heretical books in which he said that whoever would help the jews was doomed to perdition . "
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com .
a conservative force that acts on a closed system has an associated mechanical work that allows energy to convert only between kinetic or potential forms .
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . "
this suggests that the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was relatively recent , and perhaps was lucky enough to survive the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event 65.5 million years ago while other lineages perished .
u.s. defense secretary robert gates called for establishing something similar to the defunct u.s. information agency , which was charged with undermining the communist ideology during the cold war .
in some mass arrest situations , the activists decide to use solidarity tactics to secure the same plea bargain for everyone .
established originally by the massachusetts legislature and soon thereafter named for john harvard ( its first benefactor ) , harvard is the united states ' oldest institution of higher learning , and the harvard corporation ( formally , the president and fellows of harvard college ) is its first chartered corporation .
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools .
the best-known legend , by artur oppman , is that long ago two of triton 's daughters set out on a journey through the depths of the oceans and seas .
to cut vital supplies to louisbourg , nova scotia 's governor charles lawrence ordered the deportation of the french-speaking acadian population from the area .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
the institute will cost around $ 200 million and occupy the buildings of the chicago theological seminary .
most however have a reversing mechanism which additionally can provide means for saving steam as speed and momentum are gained by gradually " shortening the cutoff " or rather , shortening the admission event ; this in turn proportionately lengthens the expansion period .
apollo 8 was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body , while the final apollo 17 mission marked the sixth moon landing and the ninth manned mission beyond low earth orbit .
the first minister or members of the cabinet can deliver statements to parliament upon which msps are invited to question .
fresno became an incorporated city in 1885. by 1931 the fresno traction company operated 47 streetcars over 49 miles of track .
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth .
the saturn ib was an upgraded version of the saturn i. the s-ib first stage increased the thrust to 1,600,000 pounds-force ( 7,120 kn ) , and the second stage replaced the s-iv with the s-ivb-200 , powered by a single j-2 engine burning liquid hydrogen fuel with lox , to produce 200,000 lbf ( 890 kn ) of thrust .
by 1998 , the vbns had grown to connect more than 100 universities and research and engineering institutions via 12 national points of presence with ds-3 ( 45 mbit/s ) , oc-3c ( 155 mbit/s ) , and oc-12c ( 622 mbit/s ) links on an all oc-12c backbone , a substantial engineering feat for that time .
abc currently holds the broadcast rights to the academy awards , emmy awards ( which are rotated across all four major networks on a year-to-year basis ) , american music awards , disney parks christmas day parade , tournament of roses parade , country music association awards and the cma music festival .
the final years of the yuan dynasty were marked by struggle , famine , and bitterness among the populace .
the soviet union and the people ’ s republic of china supported post–world war ii communist movements in foreign nations and colonies to advance their own interests , but were not always successful .
following the defeat of napoleonic france in 1815 , britain enjoyed a century of almost unchallenged dominance and expanded its imperial holdings around the globe .
kennedy was circumspect in his response to the news , refusing to make a commitment on america 's response to the soviets .
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality .
they are also being paid for by the government for medicine use reviews .
itv had increased its offer from £18m to £34m per year to keep control of the rights .
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
tesla was renowned for his achievements and showmanship , eventually earning him a reputation in popular culture as an archetypal " mad scientist " .
he was then ordered by william pitt , the secretary of state responsible for the colonies , to attack louisbourg first .
bskyb launched its hdtv service , sky+ hd , on 22 may 2006. prior to its launch , bskyb claimed that 40,000 people had registered to receive the hd service .
in 2004 , abc 's average viewership declined by ten ratings points , landing the network in fourth place , behind nbc , cbs and fox ( by the following year , the combined season-ending average audience share of abc , nbc and cbs represented only 32 % of u.s. households ) .
as sea-level continued to rise in the netherlands , the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta began ( ~8,000 years ago ) .
the average household size was 3.07. there were 111,529 families ( 70.4 % of all households ) ; the average family size was 3.62 .
this dual view of knowledge was in concert with the teachings of common sense realism derived from scottish philosophers thomas reid and dugald stewart , whose works were part of the harvard curriculum at the time .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
because the operations of the armed forces have been traditionally cloaked by the ubiquitous blanket of “ state security ” , the corruption has been less in public view , and thus less subject to public scrutiny and notoriety .
josel of rosheim , the jewish spokesman who tried to help the jews of saxony in 1537 , later blamed their plight on " that priest whose name was martin luther—may his body and soul be bound up in hell ! —who wrote and issued many heretical books in which he said that whoever would help the jews was doomed to perdition . "
the invasion failed both militarily and politically , as pitt again planned significant campaigns against new france , and sent funds to britain 's ally on the mainland , prussia , and the french navy failed in the 1759 naval battles at lagos and quiberon bay .
in 2001 , 16 national science academies issued a joint statement on climate change .
deacons assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism , and may be granted sacramental authority if they are appointed as the pastor in a local church .
but when saddam , secularist and ba'athist dictator of neighboring iraq , attacked saudi arabia ( his enemy in the war ) , western troops came to protect the saudi monarchy .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
by the late 19th century scientists realized that air could be liquefied , and its components isolated , by compressing and cooling it .
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx .
this is repeated iteratively until all available list seats are allocated .
a few galleries were redesigned in the 1990s including the indian , japanese , chinese , iron work , the main glass galleries and the main silverware gallery which was further enhanced in 2002 when some of the victorian decoration was recreated .
steam engines can be said to have been the moving force behind the industrial revolution and saw widespread commercial use driving machinery in factories , mills and mines ; powering pumping stations ; and propelling transport appliances such as railway locomotives , ships , steamboats and road vehicles .
the scottish parliament has the ability to alter income tax in scotland by up to 3 pence in the pound .
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds .
the role of committees is stronger in the scottish parliament than in other parliamentary systems , partly as a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the government and partly to compensate for the fact that there is no revising chamber .
in their reporting on the top 400 , they used data on transportation , sewer , hazardous waste and water to rank firms as heavy contractors .
in addition , abc on demand ( like the video-on-demand television services provided by the other u.s. broadcast networks ) disallows fast forwarding of accessed content .
by 9000 bp , europe was fully forested .
but some activists have opted to enter a blind plea , pleading guilty without any plea agreement in place .
the previous record was 244 yards by the baltimore ravens in super bowl xxxv .
they even lent their ethnicity to the name of their castle : afranji , meaning " franks . "
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk .
there were 158,349 households , of which 68,511 ( 43.3 % ) had children under the age of 18 living in them , 69,284 ( 43.8 % ) were opposite-sex married couples living together , 30,547 ( 19.3 % ) had a female householder with no husband present , 11,698 ( 7.4 % ) had a male householder with no wife present .
the programme is listed in guinness world records as the longest-running science fiction television show in the world , the " most successful " science fiction series of all time—based on its over-all broadcast ratings , dvd and book sales , and itunes traffic— and for the largest ever simulcast of a tv drama with its 50th anniversary special .
zachęta national gallery of art , the oldest exhibition site in warsaw , with a tradition stretching back to the mid-19th century organises exhibitions of modern art by polish and international artists and promotes art in many other ways .
europe 's last major epidemic occurred in 1720 in marseille .
the " huguenot street historic district " in new paltz has been designated a national historic landmark site and contains the oldest street in the united states of america .
most of the mass of living organisms is oxygen as it is a part of water , the major constituent of lifeforms .
the 1973 oil crisis began in october 1973 when the members of the organization of arab petroleum exporting countries ( oapec , consisting of the arab members of opec plus egypt and syria ) proclaimed an oil embargo .
when such oxygen sinks became saturated , free oxygen began to outgas from the oceans 3–2.7 billion years ago , reaching 10 % of its present level around 1.7 billion years ago .
it is home to 60 % of australia 's 3 million dairy cattle and produces nearly two-thirds of the nation 's milk , almost 6.4 billion litres .
for its part , the television network produced a few new hits during 1977 : january saw the premiere of roots , a miniseries based on an alex haley novel that was published the previous year ; in september , the love boat , a comedy-drama anthology series produced by aaron spelling which was based around the crew of a cruise ship and featured three stories centered partly on the ship 's various passengers ; although critically lambasted , the series turned out to be a ratings success and lasted nine seasons .
at the beginning of 1893 westinghouse engineer benjamin lamme had made great progress developing an efficient version of tesla 's induction motor and westinghouse electric started branding their complete polyphase phase ac system as the " tesla polyphase system " , noting how they believed tesla 's patents gave them patent priority over other ac systems .
the united methodist church believes in prima scriptura , seeing the holy bible as the primary authority in the church and using sacred tradition , reason , and experience to interpret it , with the aid of the holy spirit ( see wesleyan quadrilateral ) .
at present , the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to the north sea , through the former meuse estuary , near rotterdam .
the mongol army under genghis khan , generals and his sons crossed the tien shan mountains by entering the area controlled by the khwarezmian empire .
a study of swedish counties between 1960 and 2000 found a positive impact of inequality on growth with lead times of five years or less , but no correlation after ten years .
major events also play a big part in tourism in victoria , particularly cultural tourism and sports tourism .
teachers with more experience and higher education earn more than those with a standard bachelor 's degree and certificate .
in the years of 1994–1999 the mayor of the district centrum automatically was designated as the president of warsaw : the mayor of centrum was elected by the district council of centrum and the council was elected only by the centrum residents .
the jawaharlal nehru gallery of indian art , opened in 1991 , contains art from about 500 bc to the 19th century .
they were descended from norse ( " norman " comes from " norseman " ) raiders and pirates from denmark , iceland and norway who , under their leader rollo , agreed to swear fealty to king charles iii of west francia .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water .
following bskyb 's 2014 acquisition of sky italia and a majority 90.04 % interest in sky deutschland in november 2014 , its holding company british sky broadcasting group plc changed its name to sky plc .
for example , in knot theory , a prime knot is a knot that is indecomposable in the sense that it can not be written as the knot sum of two nontrivial knots .
however , inalchuq , the governor of the khwarezmian city of otrar , attacked the caravan that came from mongolia , claiming that the caravan contained spies and therefore was a conspiracy against khwarezmia .
ögedei offered his nephew kublai a position in xingzhou , hebei .
los angeles ( at 3.7 million people ) and san diego ( at 1.3 million people ) , both in southern california , are the two largest cities in all of california ( and two of the eight largest cities in the united states ) .
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal ( united states ) calendar of saints .
a final , three-story fifth series was transmitted in autumn 2011 – uncompleted due to the death of elisabeth sladen in early 2011 .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
there are approximately 22,000 objects in the collection that cover the period from about 400 ad to 1914. this covers among other periods byzantine and anglo saxon ivory sculptures , british , french and spanish medieval statues and carvings , the renaissance , baroque , neo-classical , victorian and art nouveau periods .
the german invasion in 1939 , the massacre of the jewish population and deportations to concentration camps led to the uprising in the warsaw ghetto in 1943 and to the major and devastating warsaw uprising between august and october 1944. warsaw gained the title of the " phoenix city " because it has survived many wars , conflicts and invasions throughout its long history .
according to the second law of thermodynamics , nonconservative forces necessarily result in energy transformations within closed systems from ordered to more random conditions as entropy increases .
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) .
the city 's most populous ethnic group , non-hispanic white , declined from 75.8 % in 1970 to 55.1 % by 2010 .
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " .
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm .
this is because , with informal rule , the control is spread more subtly through technological superiority , enforcing land officials into large debts that can not be repaid , ownership of private industries thus expanding the controlled area , or having countries agree to uneven trade agreements forcefully .
among the few bright spots during this season were the midseason crime dramedy castle as well as the success of two family sitcoms that anchored the network 's revamped wednesday comedy lineup , the middle and modern family , the latter of which was both a critical and commercial success .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
johann eck , speaking on behalf of the empire as assistant of the archbishop of trier , presented luther with copies of his writings laid out on a table and asked him if the books were his , and whether he stood by their contents .
eu competition law has its origins in the european coal and steel community ( ecsc ) agreement between france , italy , belgium , the netherlands , luxembourg and germany in 1951 following the second world war .
the geordie dialect has much of its origins in the language spoken by the anglo-saxon populations who migrated to and conquered much of england after the end of roman imperial rule .
at the time of its formation , the umc had about 11 million members in nearly 42,000 congregations .
the acme of the horizontal engine was the corliss steam engine , patented in 1849 , which was a four-valve counter flow engine with separate steam admission and exhaust valves and automatic variable steam cutoff .
at the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 , the governors of british east africa ( as the protectorate was generally known ) and german east africa agreed a truce in an attempt to keep the young colonies out of direct hostilities .
the british resettled many acadians throughout its north american provinces , but many went to france , and some went to new orleans , which they had expected to remain french .
the contracted batch of 15 saturn vs were enough for lunar landing missions through apollo 20. nasa publicized a preliminary list of eight more planned landing sites , with plans to increase the mass of the csm and lm for the last five missions , along with the payload capacity of the saturn v. these final missions would combine the i and j types in the 1967 list , allowing the cmp to operate a package of lunar orbital sensors and cameras while his companions were on the surface , and allowing them to stay on the moon for over three days .
by contrast to the ecj 's relaxed approach , a committee of independent experts found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had ‘ even the slightest sense of responsibility ’ .
on the other hand , higher economic inequality tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ( self-employment ) .
luther dedicated himself to the augustinian order , devoting himself to fasting , long hours in prayer , pilgrimage , and frequent confession .
the sinclair broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations by numerical total , owning or providing services to 28 abc affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates ; sinclair owns the largest abc subchannel affiliate by market size , wabm-dt2/wdbb-dt2 in the birmingham market , which serve as repeaters of wbma-ld ( the largest low-power " big four " affiliate by market size , which itself is also simulcast on a subchannel of former wbma satellite wgww , owned by sinclair partner company howard stirk holdings ) .
such engines use either three or four expansion stages and are known as triple and quadruple expansion engines respectively .
city records as far back as 1609 document the use of a crude form of a sea monster with a female upper body and holding a sword in its claws .
in response , king louis xv dispatched six regiments to new france under the command of baron dieskau in 1755. the british , intending to blockade french ports , sent out their fleet in february 1755 , but the french fleet had already sailed .
during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict , the iranian government enjoyed something of a resurgence in popularity amongst the predominantly sunni " arab street , " due to its support for hezbollah and to president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's vehement opposition to the united states and his call that israel shall vanish .
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck .
:33 tesla would visualize an invention in his mind with extreme precision , including all dimensions , before moving to the construction stage , a technique sometimes known as picture thinking .
the region is home to about 2.5 million insect species , tens of thousands of plants , and some 2,000 birds and mammals .
prime numbers give rise to various generalizations in other mathematical domains , mainly algebra , such as prime elements and prime ideals .
all this compares very favourably against incompetent , inefficient , or neglectful governments whose commitment to social justice is limited to rhetoric .
zia-ul-haq was killed in 1988 but islamization remains an important element in pakistani society .
the delay in the csm caused by the fire enabled nasa to catch up on man-rating the lm and saturn v. apollo 4 ( as-501 ) was the first unmanned flight of the saturn v , carrying a block i csm on november 9 , 1967. the capability of the command module 's heat shield to survive a trans-lunar reentry was demonstrated by using the service module engine to ram it into the atmosphere at higher than the usual earth-orbital reentry speed .
the daleks are kaleds from the planet skaro , mutated by the scientist davros and housed in mechanical armour shells for mobility .
t-cells have a symbiotic relationship with vitamin d. not only does the t-cell extend a vitamin d receptor , in essence asking to bind to the steroid hormone version of vitamin d , calcitriol , but the t-cell expresses the gene cyp27b1 , which is the gene responsible for converting the pre-hormone version of vitamin d , calcidiol into the steroid hormone version , calcitriol .
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks .
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation .
next , the two plastid-dividing rings , or pd rings form .
in contrast , during wake periods differentiated effector cells , such as cytotoxic natural killer cells and ctls ( cytotoxic t lymphocytes ) , peak in order to elicit an effective response against any intruding pathogens .
immunoproteomics is the study of large sets of proteins ( proteomics ) involved in the immune response .
the v & a is in discussion with the university of dundee , university of abertay , dundee city council and the scottish government with a view to opening a new £43 million gallery in dundee that would use the v & a brand although it would be funded through and operated independently .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
chrysler ended production of their full-sized luxury sedans at the end of the 1981 model year , moving instead to a full front-wheel drive lineup for 1982 ( except for the m-body dodge diplomat/plymouth gran fury and chrysler new yorker fifth avenue sedans ) .
the reverend alexander dyce was another benefactor of the library , leaving over 14,000 books to the museum in 1869. amongst the books he collected are early editions in greek and latin of the poets and playwrights aeschylus , aristotle , homer , livy , ovid , pindar , sophocles and virgil .
if the water level drops , such that the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly , the lead melts and the steam escapes , warning the operators , who may then manually suppress the fire .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
apollo 8 was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body , while the final apollo 17 mission marked the sixth moon landing and the ninth manned mission beyond low earth orbit .
nikola credited his eidetic memory and creative abilities to his mother 's genetics and influence .
john rawls argued in a theory of justice that inequalities in the distribution of wealth are only justified when they improve society as a whole , including the poorest members .
he purchased their construction tools to continue building what became fort duquesne .
modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes , probabilistic ( or " monte carlo " ) and deterministic algorithms .
some examples of intracellular pathogens include viruses , the food poisoning bacterium salmonella and the eukaryotic parasites that cause malaria ( plasmodium falciparum ) and leishmaniasis ( leishmania spp . ) .
the story is based on comments made by philipp melanchthon , though it is thought that he was not in wittenberg at the time .
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great .
as residential construction ( as well as all other types of construction ) can generate a lot of waste , careful planning again is needed here .
finally , the concept of emotional contagion , may also apply .
since 7500 yr ago , a situation with tides and currents , very similar to present has existed .
the main windows to the galleries are also mullioned and transomed , again a gothic feature , the top row of windows are interspersed with statues of many of the british artists whose work is displayed in the museum .
the university is also home to the university of chicago press , the largest university press in the united states .
the ussr 's invasion of afghanistan was only one sign of insecurity in the region , also marked by increased american weapons sales , technology , and outright military presence .
this gives members an opportunity to question the first minister directly on issues under their jurisdiction .
claiming that the law – in any form – should not be preached to christians anymore would be tantamount to asserting that christians are no longer sinners in themselves and that the church consists only of essentially holy people .
shirley 's efforts to fortify oswego were bogged down in logistical difficulties , exacerbated by shirley 's inexperience in managing large expeditions .
these stages were called expansions , with double and triple expansion engines being common , especially in shipping where efficiency was important to reduce the weight of coal carried .
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape .
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section .
access can be via a dial-up terminal to a pad , or , by linking a permanent x.25 node to the network .
the point of this inquiry was to build a premise that would allow for u.s authorship of a 'new world ' which was to be characterized by geographical order .
in 1996 , the bbc applied for a trade mark to use the tardis ' blue police box design in merchandising associated with doctor who .
these attacks resonated with conservative muslims and the problem did not go away with saddam 's defeat either , since american troops remained stationed in the kingdom , and a de facto cooperation with the palestinian-israeli peace process developed .
in 999 , according to amatus of montecassino , norman pilgrims returning from jerusalem called in at the port of salerno when a saracen attack occurred .
aken , adopted by mexican movie actress lupe mayorga , grew up in the neighboring town of madera and his song chronicled the hardships faced by the migrant farm workers he saw as a child .
the coordinating lead authors are responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors , ensuring that they meet stylistic and formatting requirements , and reporting to the working group chairs .
these clades ( which are thought to be extinct ) were found to be ancestral to modern isolates of the modern y. pestis strains y. p. orientalis and y. p. medievalis , suggesting the plague may have entered europe in two waves .
at 25 °c and 1 standard atmosphere ( 101.3 kpa ) of air , freshwater contains about 6.04 milliliters ( ml ) of oxygen per liter , whereas seawater contains about 4.95 ml per liter .
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty .
the entry of another toxin called granulysin ( a protease ) induces the target cell to undergo apoptosis .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
southern california consists of one of the more varied collections of geologic , topographic , and natural ecosystem landscapes in a diversity outnumbering other major regions in the state and country .
it became clear that managing the apollo program would exceed the capabilities of robert r. gilruth 's space task group , which had been directing the nation 's manned space program from nasa 's langley research center .
for the complexity classes defined in this way , it is desirable to prove that relaxing the requirements on ( say ) computation time indeed defines a bigger set of problems .
as indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation and ecocide , such as in the peruvian amazon indigenous peoples ' rainforest communities continue to disappear , while others , like the urarina continue to struggle to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories .
this was seen as the climax of a very undemocratic regime and it led to widespread agitation for constitutional reform .
as a result of the american revolution , john wesley was compelled in 1784 to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters , thomas vasey and richard whatcoat .
genghis khan saw the potential advantage in khwarezmia as a commercial trading partner using the silk road , and he initially sent a 500-man caravan to establish official trade ties with the empire .
petrologists can also use fluid inclusion data and perform high temperature and pressure physical experiments to understand the temperatures and pressures at which different mineral phases appear , and how they change through igneous and metamorphic processes .
the panthers seemed primed to score on their opening drive of the second half when newton completed a 45-yard pass to ted ginn jr. on the denver 35-yard line on their second offensive play .
the il-khanate government issued paper money in 1294 , but public distrust of the exotic new currency doomed the experiment .
many important complexity classes can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm .
in almost all countries teachers are educated in a university or college .
major bequests include reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of 154 gems bequeathed in 1869 , lady cory 's 1951 gift of major diamond jewellery from the 18th and 19th centuries , and jewellery scholar dame joan evans ' 1977 gift of more than 800 jewels dating from the middle ages to the early 19th century .
by 1529 , in on war against the turk , he was actively urging emperor charles v and the german people to fight a secular war against the turks .
coincidentally , both teams were coached by john fox in their last super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 .
in most reciprocating piston engines , the steam reverses its direction of flow at each stroke ( counterflow ) , entering and exhausting from the cylinder by the same port .
the main difference is that heat addition ( in the boiler ) and rejection ( in the condenser ) are isobaric ( constant pressure ) processes in the rankine cycle and isothermal ( constant temperature ) processes in the theoretical carnot cycle .
after the success of the british galleries , opened in 2001 , it was decided to embark on a major redesign of all the galleries in the museum ; this is known as " futureplan " , and was created in consultation with the exhibition designers and masterplanners metaphor .
his theology challenged the authority and office of the pope by teaching that the bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge from god and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all baptized christians to be a holy priesthood .
bskyb has design authority over all digital satellite receivers capable of receiving their service .
the first settlement in the area occurred in 1803 at sullivan bay , and much of what is now victoria was included in the port phillip district in 1836 , an administrative division of new south wales .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
in november 1960 , john f. kennedy was elected president after a campaign that promised american superiority over the soviet union in the fields of space exploration and missile defense .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
a different arrangement was recorded by peter howell for season 18 ( 1980 ) , which was in turn replaced by dominic glynn 's arrangement for the season-long serial the trial of a time lord in season 23 ( 1986 ) .
on june 16 , 2007 , abc began to phase in a new imaging campaign for the upcoming 2007–08 season , " start here " .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
due to its energy content , o2 is used by complex forms of life , such as animals , in cellular respiration ( see biological role ) .
notable exceptions were : the daleks ' master plan , which aired in 12 episodes ( plus an earlier one-episode teaser , " mission to the unknown " , featuring none of the regular cast ) ; almost an entire season of seven-episode serials ( season 7 ) ; the 10-episode serial the war games ; and the trial of a time lord , which ran for 14 episodes ( albeit divided into three production codes and four narrative segments ) during season 23. occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy .
in 1507 , he was ordained to the priesthood , and in 1508 , von staupitz , first dean of the newly founded university of wittenberg , sent for luther , to teach theology .
gandhi 's satyagraha was partially influenced and inspired by shelley 's nonviolence in protest and political action .
pneumonic plague has a mortality rate of 90 to 95 percent .
each step had to be successfully accomplished before the next ones could be performed , and it was unknown how many tries of each mission would be necessary ; therefore letters were used instead of numbers .
curiously , around half of the protein products of transferred genes are n't even targeted back to the chloroplast .
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools .
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz .
this means that for a closed system , the net mechanical energy is conserved whenever a conservative force acts on the system .
zachęta national gallery of art , the oldest exhibition site in warsaw , with a tradition stretching back to the mid-19th century organises exhibitions of modern art by polish and international artists and promotes art in many other ways .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
he produced artificial lightning , with discharges consisting of millions of volts and up to 135 feet long .
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats .
in addition to identifying rocks in the field , petrologists identify rock samples in the laboratory .
leukocytes ( white blood cells ) act like independent , single-celled organisms and are the second arm of the innate immune system .
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study .
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982. this building is of concrete and very functional , the only embellishment being the iron gates by christopher hay and douglas coyne of the royal college of art .
mayor w. haydon burns ' jacksonville story resulted in the construction of a new city hall , civic auditorium , public library and other projects that created a dynamic sense of civic pride .
this is " adaptive " because it occurs during the lifetime of an individual as an adaptation to infection with that pathogen and prepares the immune system for future challenges .
in 1959 , walt disney productions , having improved its financial situation , had purchased abc 's shares in the disneyland theme park for $ 7.5 million and initiated discussions to renew abc 's television contract for walt disney presents , which was due to expire in 1961. walt disney was approached by nbc to produce color broadcasts of his anthology series ( which would be renamed walt disney 's wonderful world of color ) .
in 1817 the maling company , at one time the largest pottery company in the world , moved to the city .
the first item of business on wednesdays is usually time for reflection , at which a speaker addresses members for up to four minutes , sharing a perspective on issues of faith .
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor .
a teacher who teaches on an individual basis may be described as a tutor .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
in most provinces a second bachelor 's degree such as a bachelor of education is required to become a qualified teacher .
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert .
the costume collection is the most comprehensive in britain , containing over 14,000 outfits plus accessories , mainly dating from 1600 to the present .
the uk subsequently was the only member state to veto the social charter being included as the " social chapter " of the 1992 maastricht treaty - instead , an agreement on social policy was added as a protocol .
together in april 1887 they formed the tesla electric company with an agreement that profits from generated patents would go ⅓ to tesla , ⅓ to peck and brown , and ⅓ to fund development .
to date , at least 40,000 plant species , 2,200 fishes , 1,294 birds , 427 mammals , 428 amphibians , and 378 reptiles have been scientifically classified in the region .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
one chronicle from the early 17th century even relates the legend that the princess hid a small dagger and stabbed him , though some mongol authors have doubted this version and suspected it to be an invention by the rival oirads .
many scholars arguing for the y. pestis as the major agent of the pandemic suggest that its extent and symptoms can be explained by a combination of bubonic plague with other diseases , including typhus , smallpox and respiratory infections .
on april 30 , 2000 , as a result of a carriage dispute with abc , time warner cable removed abc owned-and-operated stations from the cable provider 's systems in four markets ( wabc-tv in new york city , kabc-tv in los angeles , ktrk in houston and wtvd in raleigh-durham ) .
according to the 1901 census , out of 711,988 inhabitants 56.2 % were catholics , 35.7 % jews , 5 % greek orthodox christians and 2.8 % protestants .
the church tower received a battering during the siege of newcastle by the scots who finally breached the town wall and forced surrender .
students are likely to build stronger relations with teachers who are friendly and supportive and will show more interest in courses taught by these teachers .
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) .
the bulk of huguenot émigrés relocated to protestant european nations such as england , wales , scotland , denmark , sweden , switzerland , the dutch republic , the electorate of brandenburg and electorate of the palatinate in the holy roman empire , the duchy of prussia , the channel islands , and ireland .
olivier roy argues that " sunni pan-islamism underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century " when the muslim brotherhood movement and its focus on islamisation of pan-arabism was eclipsed by the salafi movement with its emphasis on " sharia rather than the building of islamic institutions , " and rejection of shia islam .
packet mode communication may be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes ( packet switches or routers ) .
to catch up , abc followed up the flintstones with another animated series from hanna-barbera , the jetsons , which debuted on september 23 , 1962 as the first television series to be broadcast in color on the network .
he left law school , sold his books , and entered a closed augustinian cloister in erfurt on 17 july 1505. one friend blamed the decision on luther 's sadness over the deaths of two friends .
arcs of volcanoes and earthquakes were explained as convergent boundaries , where one plate subducts under another .
although the famous mughal emperors were proud descendants of genghis khan and particularly timur , they clearly distanced themselves from the mongol atrocities committed against the khwarizim shahs , turks , persians , the citizens of baghdad and damascus , nishapur , bukhara and historical figures such as attar of nishapur and many other notable muslims .
hillerbrand writes that there is nevertheless an undercurrent of challenge in several of the theses , particularly in thesis 86 , which asks : " why does the pope , whose wealth today is greater than the wealth of the richest crassus , build the basilica of st. peter with the money of poor believers rather than with his own money ? "
the problems with north american were severe enough in late 1965 to cause manned space flight administrator george mueller to appoint program director samuel phillips to head a " tiger team " to investigate north american 's problems and identify corrections .
most of the water flows via the constance hopper into the rheinrinne ( " rhine gutter " ) and seerhein .
dating of lava and volcanic ash layers found within a stratigraphic sequence can provide absolute age data for sedimentary rock units which do not contain radioactive isotopes and calibrate relative dating techniques .
contracts that set out clear expectations and clear paths to accomplishing those expectations are far more likely to result in the project flowing smoothly , whereas poorly drafted contracts lead to confusion and collapse .
the undergraduate college became coeducational after its 1977 merger with radcliffe college .
temüjin had three brothers named hasar , hachiun , and temüge , and one sister named temülen , as well as two half-brothers named begter and belgutei .
pro bowl defensive tackle kawann short led the team in sacks with 11 , while also forcing three fumbles and recovering two .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
between 1991 and 2000 , the total area of forest lost in the amazon rose from 415,000 to 587,000 square kilometres ( 160,000 to 227,000 sq mi ) , with most of the lost forest becoming pasture for cattle .
salaries for nursery , primary and secondary school teachers ranged from £20,133 to £41,004 in september 2007 , although some salaries can go much higher depending on experience and extra responsibilities .
the doctrine of legitimate expectation , which has its roots in the principles of legal certainty and good faith , is also a central element of the general principle of legal certainty in european union law .
the university library garden , designed by irena bajerska , was opened on 12 june 2002. it is one of the largest and most beautiful roof gardens in europe with an area of more than 10,000 m2 ( 107,639.10 sq ft ) , and plants covering 5,111 m2 ( 55,014.35 sq ft ) .
the łazienki park covers the area of 76 ha .
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great .
they also settled elsewhere in kent , particularly sandwich , faversham and maidstone—towns in which there used to be refugee churches .
however , the most iconic of abc 's relationships with hollywood producers was its agreement with walt disney ; after the start of the network 's bond with the disney studio , james lewis baughman , who worked as a columnist at that time , observed that " at abc 's headquarters in new york , the secretaries [ were now ] wearing hats with mickey mouse ears " .
following the success of the 2005 series produced by russell t davies , the bbc commissioned davies to produce a 13-part spin-off series titled torchwood ( an anagram of " doctor who " ) , set in modern-day cardiff and investigating alien activities and crime .
plague was reportedly first introduced to europe via genoese traders at the port city of kaffa in the crimea in 1347. after a protracted siege , during which the mongol army under jani beg was suffering from the disease , the army catapulted the infected corpses over the city walls of kaffa to infect the inhabitants .
the astronauts returned safely on july 24 .
photosystem ii and photosystem i contain light-harvesting complexes with chlorophyll and carotenoids that absorb light energy and use it to energize electrons .
even before his return to montreal , reports on the situation in the ohio country were making their way to london and paris , each side proposing that action be taken .
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg .
[ citation needed ] his lab was torn down in 1904 , and its contents were sold two years later to satisfy a debt .
paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms to determine what the climate was like millions of years ago ( see oxygen isotope ratio cycle ) .
this technology gave european armies an advantage over their opponents , as armies in less-developed countries were still fighting with arrows , swords , and leather shields ( e.g .
despite being relatively unaffected by the embargo , the uk nonetheless faced an oil crisis of its own - a series of strikes by coal miners and railroad workers over the winter of 1973–74 became a major factor in the change of government .
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
the left side consist mainly of two levels : the highest one contains former flooded terraces and the lowest one the flood plain terrace .
when the withdrawal began , some of montcalm 's indian allies , angered at the lost opportunity for loot , attacked the british column , killing and capturing several hundred men , women , children , and slaves .
the place of pharmacists in society was expressly defined in the taihō code ( 701 ) and re-stated in the yōrō code ( 718 ) .
archbishop albrecht of mainz and magdeburg did not reply to luther 's letter containing the 95 theses .
a similar method is the electrocatalytic o 2 evolution from oxides and oxoacids .
in october 2010 , medical geneticists suggested that all three of the great waves of the plague originated in china .
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times .
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere .
in 1881 , tesla moved to budapest to work under ferenc puskás at a telegraph company , the budapest telephone exchange .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
a president is elected by the judges for three years .
its name originated from the latin word " imperium " , which means to rule over large territories .
only a little time will pass before i can give it to the world . "
in 1929 , the university 's fifth president , robert maynard hutchins , took office ; the university underwent many changes during his 24-year tenure .
in 1881 , tesla moved to budapest to work under ferenc puskás at a telegraph company , the budapest telephone exchange .
this government adopted the traditional chinese tripartite division of authority among civil , military , and censorial offices , including the central secretariat ( zhongshu sheng ) to manage civil affairs , the privy council ( chinese : 樞密院 ) to manage military affairs , and the censorate to conduct internal surveillance and inspection .
over dinner , washington presented saint-pierre with the letter from dinwiddie demanding an immediate french withdrawal from the ohio country .
trade liberalization may shift economic inequality from a global to a domestic scale .
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary .
of the nine members of the european economic community ( eec ) , the netherlands faced a complete embargo , the uk and france received almost uninterrupted supplies ( having refused to allow america to use their airfields and embargoed arms and supplies to both the arabs and the israelis ) , while the other six faced partial cutbacks .
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices .
linebacker demarcus ware was selected to play in the pro bowl for the ninth time in his career , ranking second on the team with 7½ sacks .
in marine service , ( pioneered on the turbinia ) , steam turbines with reduction gearing ( although the turbinia has direct turbines to propellers with no reduction gearbox ) dominated large ship propulsion throughout the late 20th century , being more efficient ( and requiring far less maintenance ) than reciprocating steam engines .
at first he sent missionaries , backed by a fund to financially reward converts to catholicism .
zhèng ( chinese : 正 ) meaning " right " , " just " , or " true " , would have received the mongolian adjectival modifier -s , creating " jenggis " , which in medieval romanization would be written " genghis " .
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality .
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes .
seawater molecules that contain the lighter isotope , oxygen-16 , evaporate at a slightly faster rate than water molecules containing the 12 % heavier oxygen-18 ; this disparity increases at lower temperatures .
kublai 's second invasion of japan in 1281 failed because of an inauspicious typhoon .
the mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005 ( 22,392 km2 or 8,646 sq mi per year ) was 18 % higher than in the previous five years ( 19,018 km2 or 7,343 sq mi per year ) .
crime rate has also been shown to be correlated with inequality in society .
despite this , he had a profound respect for both buddhism and christianity .
there are a minimum of 278 patents issued to tesla in 26 countries that have been accounted for .
ersatzschulen are ordinary primary or secondary schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or religious groups .
montpellier was among the most important of the 66 " villes de sûreté " that the edict of 1598 granted to the huguenots .
france 's colonial presence north of the caribbean was reduced to the islands of saint pierre and miquelon , confirming britain 's position as the dominant colonial power in eastern north america .
genghis khan recalled subutai back to mongolia soon afterwards , and jebe died on the road back to samarkand .
the new concept called " love radio " , which featured a limited selection of music genres , was launched on abc 's seven owned-and-operated fm stations in late november 1968 ; the concept replaced nearly all of the programming provided by these stations ; however , several affiliates ( such as kxyz ) retained the majority of their content .
only several hundred are greater than magnitude 3.0 , and only about 15–20 are greater than magnitude 4.0. the magnitude 6.7 1994 northridge earthquake was particularly destructive , causing a substantial number of deaths , injuries , and structural collapses .
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region .
the last glacial ran from ~74,000 ( bp = before present ) , until the end of the pleistocene ( ~11,600 bp ) .
warsaw uprising hill ( 121 metres ( 397.0 ft ) ) , szczęśliwice hill ( 138 metres ( 452.8 ft ) – the highest point of warsaw in general ) .
nikola credited his eidetic memory and creative abilities to his mother 's genetics and influence .
the letters are strongly reminiscent of the bauhaus typeface designed by herbert bayer in the 1920s , but also share similarities with several other fonts , such as itc avant garde and horatio , and most closely resembling chalet .
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines .
paul revere was descended from huguenot refugees , as was henry laurens , who signed the articles of confederation for south carolina ; jack jouett , who made the ride from cuckoo tavern to warn thomas jefferson and others that tarleton and his men were on their way to arrest him for crimes against the king ; francis marion , and a number of other leaders of the american revolution and later statesmen .
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly .
to date , at least 40,000 plant species , 2,200 fishes , 1,294 birds , 427 mammals , 428 amphibians , and 378 reptiles have been scientifically classified in the region .
2013 economics nobel prize winner robert j. shiller said that rising inequality in the united states and elsewhere is the most important problem .
" regarding the plan to collect my writings in volumes , " he wrote , " i am quite cool and not at all eager about it because , roused by a saturnian hunger , i would rather see them all devoured .
a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland during the late 1960s fuelled demands for some form of home rule or complete independence , and in 1969 prompted the incumbent labour government of harold wilson to set up the kilbrandon commission to consider the british constitution .
for example , while diatoms ( a heterokontophyte ) now have a red algal derived chloroplast , the presence of many green algal genes in the diatom nucleus provide evidence that the diatom ancestor ( probably the ancestor of all chromalveolates too ) had a green algal derived chloroplast at some point , which was subsequently replaced by the red chloroplast .
as northwest europe slowly began to warm up from 22,000 years ago onward , frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers began to thaw and fall-winter snow covers melted in spring .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
in 1096 , crusaders passing by the siege of amalfi were joined by bohemond of taranto and his nephew tancred with an army of italo-normans .
the united methodist church is one tradition within the christian church .
for example , the aforementioned fact that there are infinitely many primes can also be seen using the zeta function : if there were only finitely many primes then ζ ( 1 ) would have a finite value .
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom .
stagecoach is the primary operator in the city proper , with cross-city services mainly between both the west and east ends via the city centre with some services extending out to the metrocentre , killingworth , wallsend and ponteland .
the newcastle beer festival , organized by camra , takes place in april .
the society has chapters in numerous states , with the one in texas being the largest .
the uk refused to sign the social charter and was exempt from the legislation covering social charter issues unless it agreed to be bound by the legislation .
warsaw produces 12 % of poland 's national income , which in 2008 was 305.1 % of the polish average , per capita ( or 160 % of the european union average ) .
newcastlegateshead also holds an annual international arts fair .
a procedural consequence of the establishment of the scottish parliament is that scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons are able to vote on domestic legislation that applies only to england , wales and northern ireland – whilst english , scottish , welsh and northern irish westminster mps are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the scottish parliament .
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly .
these theses asserted that the law is no longer to be taught to christians but belonged only to city hall .
temüjin turned to toghrul for support , and in response , toghrul offered his vassal 20,000 of his keraite warriors and suggested that he also involve his childhood friend jamukha , who had himself become khan ( ruler ) of his own tribe , the jadaran .
doctor who first appeared on bbc tv at 17:16:20 gmt , eighty seconds after the scheduled programme time , 5:15 pm , on saturday , 23 november 1963. it was to be a regular weekly programme , each episode 25 minutes of transmission length .
the shah had all the men shaved and the muslim beheaded and sent his head back with the two remaining ambassadors .
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc .
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals .
mercury is the working fluid in the mercury vapor turbine .
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism .
trotsky , and others , believed that the revolution could only succeed in russia as part of a world revolution .
luther justified his opposition to the rebels on three grounds .
the grainger market replaced an earlier market originally built in 1808 called the butcher market .
philosophers in antiquity used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects and simple machines , but thinkers such as aristotle and archimedes retained fundamental errors in understanding force .
about the time of the first landing in 1969 , it was decided to use an existing saturn v to launch the skylab orbital laboratory pre-built on the ground , replacing the original plan to construct it in orbit from several saturn ib launches ; this eliminated apollo 20. nasa 's yearly budget also began to shrink in light of the successful landing , and nasa also had to make funds available for the development of the upcoming space shuttle .
although at least three pads were planned , only two , designated a and b , were completed in october 1965. the loc also included an operations and checkout building ( ocb ) to which gemini and apollo spacecraft were initially received prior to being mated to their launch vehicles .
controlled , experimental studies exploring intrinsic motivation of college students has shown that nonverbal expressions of enthusiasm , such as demonstrative gesturing , dramatic movements which are varied , and emotional facial expressions , result in college students reporting higher levels of intrinsic motivation to learn .
until the bishop has read the appointments at the session of the annual conference , no appointments are officially fixed .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
the other three are located in a residential neighborhood half a mile northwest of the yard at the quadrangle ( commonly referred to as the quad ) , which formerly housed radcliffe college students until radcliffe merged its residential system with harvard .
of course , some complexity classes have complicated definitions that do not fit into this framework .
because the haptophyte chloroplast has four membranes , tertiary endosymbiosis would be expected to create a six membraned chloroplast , adding the haptophyte 's cell membrane and the dinophyte 's phagosomal vacuole .
one in five of all the bird species in the world live in the rainforests of the amazon , and one in five of the fish species live in amazonian rivers and streams .
the complexity class p is often seen as a mathematical abstraction modeling those computational tasks that admit an efficient algorithm .
in addition , extension of the florida east coast railway further south drew visitors to other areas .
this means that the unbalanced centripetal force felt by any object is always directed toward the center of the curving path .
the climate is cooler in the savannah grasslands around the capital city , nairobi , and especially closer to mount kenya , which has snow permanently on its peaks .
all of the archival material at the national art library is using encoded archival description ( ead ) .
apicoplasts have lost all photosynthetic function , and contain no photosynthetic pigments or true thylakoids .
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no .
unarmed jews gathered in the streets to prevent the installation of pagan images in the temple in jerusalem .
rna silencing mechanisms are particularly important in this systemic response as they can block virus replication .
roman catholics form the single largest religious group in the state with 26.7 % of the victorian population , followed by anglicans and members of the uniting church .
the victorian alps in the northeast are the coldest part of victoria .
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war .
it is a common misconception to ascribe the stiffness and rigidity of solid matter to the repulsion of like charges under the influence of the electromagnetic force .
the former administrative building of lothian regional council on george iv bridge was used for the msp 's offices .
it is a common misconception to ascribe the stiffness and rigidity of solid matter to the repulsion of like charges under the influence of the electromagnetic force .
the success of the first two landings allowed the remaining missions to be crewed with a single veteran as commander , with two rookies .
although building construction projects typically include various common elements , such as design , financial , estimating and legal considerations , many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results , such as structural collapse , cost overruns , and/or litigation .
in 1951 , a rumor even mentioned that the network would be sold to cbs .
it was not until january 1518 that friends of luther translated the 95 theses from latin into german and printed and widely copied them , making the controversy one of the first in history to be aided by the printing press .
the jawaharlal nehru gallery of indian art , opened in 1991 , contains art from about 500 bc to the 19th century .
in marine service , ( pioneered on the turbinia ) , steam turbines with reduction gearing ( although the turbinia has direct turbines to propellers with no reduction gearbox ) dominated large ship propulsion throughout the late 20th century , being more efficient ( and requiring far less maintenance ) than reciprocating steam engines .
charles i was imprisoned in newcastle by the scots in 1646–7 .
for example , the mineral feo ( wüstite ) is written as fe 1 − xo , where x is usually around 0.05 .
in november 2011 the capacity of the tyne tunnel was increased when a project to build a second road tunnel and refurbish the first tunnel was completed .
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell .
through experimentation , it is determined that laboratory measurements of forces are fully consistent with the conceptual definition of force offered by newtonian mechanics .
the modern bubonic plague has a mortality rate of 30–75 % and symptoms including fever of 38–41 °c ( 100–106 °f ) , headaches , painful aching joints , nausea and vomiting , and a general feeling of malaise .
the theater was built in 1939 and is at olive and wishon avenues in the heart of the tower district .
during his second year of study at graz , tesla developed a passion for ( and became very proficient at ) billiards , chess and card-playing , sometimes spending more than 48 hours in a stretch at a gaming table .
it ceded french louisiana west of the mississippi river ( including new orleans ) to its ally spain , in compensation for spain 's loss to britain of florida ( spain had ceded this to britain in exchange for the return of havana , cuba ) .
one of the great geographical treatises of the middle ages , the " tabula rogeriana " , was written by the andalusian al-idrisi for king roger ii of sicily , and entitled " kitab rudjdjar " ( " the book of roger " ) .
some 5 million people may have lived in the amazon region in ad 1500 , divided between dense coastal settlements , such as that at marajó , and inland dwellers .
galileo constructed an experiment in which stones and cannonballs were both rolled down an incline to disprove the aristotelian theory of motion early in the 17th century .
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1. the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) !
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 .
eu regulations are the same as treaty provisions in this sense , because as tfeu article 288 states , they are ‘ directly applicable in all member states ’ .
it has been shown that if these two complexity classes are not equal then p is not equal to np .
tesla , like many of his era , became a proponent of an imposed selective breeding version of eugenics .
adults of various species range from a few millimeters to 1.5 m ( 4 ft 11 in ) in size .
other important complexity classes include bpp , zpp and rp , which are defined using probabilistic turing machines ; ac and nc , which are defined using boolean circuits ; and bqp and qma , which are defined using quantum turing machines .
education is very important for the growth of the economy , however educational inequality in gender also influence towards the economy .
between 1978 and 2008 , entering students were required to complete a core curriculum of seven classes outside of their concentration .
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden .
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs .
in what became known as the st. bartholomew 's day massacre of 24 august – 3 october 1572 , catholics killed thousands of huguenots in paris .
while their population centers were along the coast , the settlements were growing into the interior .
kenya covers 581,309 km2 ( 224,445 sq mi ) , and had a population of approximately 45 million people in july 2014 .
the unicef index of " child well-being in rich countries " , studying 40 indicators in 22 countries , correlates with greater equality but not per capita income .
the red phycoerytherin pigment is an adaptation to help red algae catch more sunlight in deep water—as such , some red algae that live in shallow water have less phycoerytherin in their rhodoplasts , and can appear more greenish .
the impact of the technologies invented or envisioned by tesla is a recurring theme in several types of science fiction .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
tesla advised adams that a two-phased system would be the most reliable and that there was a westinghouse system to light incandescent bulbs using two-phase alternating current .
the system of bureaucracy created by kublai khan reflected various cultures in the empire , including that of the han chinese , khitans , jurchens , mongols , and tibetan buddhists .
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section .
the astronauts were asphyxiated before the hatch could be opened .
the merged company , renamed american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc. and headquartered in the paramount building at 1501 broadway in manhattan , owned six am and several fm radio stations , five television stations and 644 cinemas in 300 u.s. cities .
with international criminal court trial dates in 2013 for both president kenyatta and deputy president william ruto related to the 2007 election aftermath , us president barack obama chose not to visit the country during his mid-2013 african trip .
it also bolstered some kind of conviction among poles that varsovians thought of themselves as better only because they lived in the capital .
the tardis has a " chameleon circuit " which normally allows the machine to take on the appearance of local objects as a disguise .
if they enter less dense brackish water , the ciliary rosettes in the body cavity may pump this into the mesoglea to increase its bulk and decrease its density , to avoid sinking .
casimir pulaski , a polish general and hero of the american revolutionary war , was born here in 1745 .
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock .
the economic impact of the former type of entrepreneurialism tends to be redistributive while the latter is expected to foster technological progress and thus have a more positive impact on economic growth .
closely related fields in theoretical computer science are analysis of algorithms and computability theory .
apollo 5 ( as-204 ) was the first unmanned test flight of lm in earth orbit , launched from pad 37 on january 22 , 1968 , by the saturn ib that would have been used for apollo 1. the lm engines were successfully test-fired and restarted , despite a computer programming error which cut short the first descent stage firing .
for a precise definition of what it means to solve a problem using a given amount of time and space , a computational model such as the deterministic turing machine is used .
for example , dalton assumed that water 's formula was ho , giving the atomic mass of oxygen as 8 times that of hydrogen , instead of the modern value of about 16. in 1805 , joseph louis gay-lussac and alexander von humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen ; and by 1811 amedeo avogadro had arrived at the correct interpretation of water 's composition , based on what is now called avogadro 's law and the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules .
today , this is known as the miasma theory .
in the 1910s , new york–based filmmakers were attracted to jacksonville 's warm climate , exotic locations , excellent rail access , and cheap labor .
terra preta ( black earth ) , which is distributed over large areas in the amazon forest , is now widely accepted as a product of indigenous soil management .
the energy crisis led to greater interest in renewable energy , nuclear power and domestic fossil fuels .
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean .
in 1536 , he began to suffer from kidney and bladder stones , and arthritis , and an ear infection ruptured an ear drum .
running back c. j. anderson was the team 's leading rusher 863 yards and seven touchdowns , while also catching 25 passes for 183 yards .
although some of constable 's works came to the museum with the sheepshanks bequest , the majority of the artist 's works were donated by his daughter isabel in 1888 , including the large number of sketches in oil , the most significant being the 1821 full size oil sketch for the hay wain .
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school .
austpac was an australian public x.25 network operated by telstra .
the gonads are located in the parts of the internal canal network under the comb rows , and eggs and sperm are released via pores in the epidermis .
temüjin 's mother hoelun taught him many lessons about the unstable political climate of mongolia , especially the need for alliances .
he restored the imperial secretariat and left the local administrative structure of past chinese dynasties unchanged .
antimicrobial peptides called defensins are an evolutionarily conserved component of the innate immune response found in all animals and plants , and represent the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity .
its most familiar effect is beta decay ( of neutrons in atomic nuclei ) and the associated radioactivity .
its major thoroughfares are kings canyon avenue and clovis avenue .
since 1999 , big finish productions has released several different series of doctor who audios on cd .
the counterpart in mongolian language was dai ön ulus , also rendered as ikh yuan üls or yekhe yuan ulus .
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china .
with two-cylinder compounds used in railway work , the pistons are connected to the cranks as with a two-cylinder simple at 90° out of phase with each other ( quartered ) .
a 1996 study by perotti examined the channels through which inequality may affect economic growth .
while acknowledging the central role economic growth can potentially play in human development , poverty reduction and the achievement of the millennium development goals , it is becoming widely understood amongst the development community that special efforts must be made to ensure poorer sections of society are able to participate in economic growth .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
prince louis de condé , along with his sons daniel and osias , [ citation needed ] arranged with count ludwig von nassau-saarbrücken to establish a huguenot community in present-day saarland in 1604. the count supported mercantilism and welcomed technically skilled immigrants into his lands , regardless of their religion .
this phenomenon is called color confinement .
macroeconomic problems consisted of both inflationary and deflationary impacts .
proceedings are also recorded in text form , in print and online , in the official report , which is the substantially verbatim transcript of parliamentary debates .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines .
butterflies were electrified , swirling in circles with blue halos of st. elmo 's fire around their wings .
for example , joseph haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the lebanon , new hampshire city councilors stating , " wise up or die . "
as a result of the american revolution , john wesley was compelled in 1784 to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters , thomas vasey and richard whatcoat .
:43 , 301 on one occasion at his laboratory , tesla worked for a period of 84 hours without sleep or rest .
its main component is a statocyst , a balance sensor consisting of a statolith , a solid particle supported on four bundles of cilia , called " balancers " , that sense its orientation .
in the early 1990s the memory of genghis khan with the mongolian national identity has had a powerful revival partly because of his perception during the mongolian people 's republic period .
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth .
analysis of a silicon wafer exposed to the solar wind in space and returned by the crashed genesis spacecraft has shown that the sun has a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than does the earth .
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor .
" dà yuán " ( 大元 ) is from the sentence " 大哉乾元 " ( dà zai qián yuán / " great is qián , the primal " ) in the commentaries on the classic of changes ( i ching ) section regarding qián ( 乾 ) .
it supports research on stem cells retrieved from umbilical cords and adult stem cells , stating that there are " few moral questions " raised by this issue .
this incarnation is played by michelle gomez .
the region is home to about 2.5 million insect species , tens of thousands of plants , and some 2,000 birds and mammals .
sanders was his top receiver with six receptions for 83 yards .
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 .
stretching of units can result in their thinning ; in fact , there is a location within the maria fold and thrust belt in which the entire sedimentary sequence of the grand canyon can be seen over a length of less than a meter .
thus , on 1 august 1944 , as the red army was nearing the city , the warsaw uprising began .
the snp took 16 seats from labour , with many of their key figures not returned to parliament , although labour leader iain gray retained east lothian by 151 votes .
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden .
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl .
without the pressure reaching supercritical levels for the working fluid , the temperature range the cycle can operate over is quite small ; in steam turbines , turbine entry temperatures are typically 565 °c ( the creep limit of stainless steel ) and condenser temperatures are around 30 °c .
the alta vista tract , as the land would become known , was mapped by william stranahan for the pacific improvement corporation , and was officially platted in 1911. the tract 's boundaries were balch avenue on the south , cedar avenue on the east , the rear property line of platt avenue ( east of sixth street ) and platt avenue ( west of sixth street ) on the north , and first street on the west .
the luther bible influenced other vernacular translations , such as william tyndale 's english bible ( 1525 forward ) , a precursor of the king james bible .
since there are many known complexity classes between p and pspace , such as rp , bpp , pp , bqp , ma , ph , etc. , it is possible that all these complexity classes collapse to one class .
the catechism is one of luther 's most personal works .
previously , geologists could only use fossils and stratigraphic correlation to date sections of rock relative to one another .
they are sometimes called blue-green algae even though they are prokaryotes .
in the 9th , it formed part of the border between middle and western francia , but in the 10th century , it was fully within the holy roman empire , flowing through swabia , franconia and lower lorraine .
his main interest was centered on the prophecy of the little horn in daniel 8:9–12 , 23–25 .
by contrast , the court of justice held that ultimately the treaty of rome in no way prevented energy nationalisation , and in any case under the treaty provisions only the commission could have brought a claim , not mr costa .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
other institutions for higher education include the medical university of warsaw , the largest medical school in poland and one of the most prestigious , the national defence university , highest military academic institution in poland , the fryderyk chopin university of music the oldest and largest music school in poland , and one of the largest in europe , the warsaw school of economics , the oldest and most renowned economic university in the country , and the warsaw university of life sciences the largest agricultural university founded in 1818 .
the center in paris , a campus located on the left bank of the seine in paris , hosts various undergraduate and graduate study programs .
similar to sister network espn 's watchespn service ( which originated the " watch " brand used by the streaming services of disney 's television networks ) , live streams of abc stations are only available to authenticated subscribers of participating pay television providers in certain markets .
this caused increased flooding and sedimentation , ending peat formation in the delta .
the mongols characterized otachi doctors by their use of herbal remedies , which was distinguished from the spiritual cures of mongol shamanism .
the outcome of most votes can be predicted beforehand since political parties normally instruct members which way to vote .
the plan is expected to take about ten years and was started in 2002. to date several galleries have been redesigned , notably , in 2002 : the main silver gallery , contemporary ; in 2003 : photography , the main entrance , the painting galleries ; in 2004 : the tunnel to the subway leading to south kensington tube station , new signage throughout the museum , architecture , v & a and riba reading rooms and stores , metalware , members ' room , contemporary glass , the gilbert bayes sculpture gallery ; in 2005 : portrait miniatures , prints and drawings , displays in room 117 , the garden , sacred silver and stained glass ; in 2006 : central hall shop , islamic middle east , the new café , sculpture galleries .
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005. in this latter gallery stained glass is displayed alongside silverware starting in the 12th century and continuing to the present .
most western countries , and some others , have now banned it , but it remains lawful in the united states following a us supreme court decision in 1977 which held that paddling did not violate the us constitution .
in 1973 , nixon named william e. simon as the first administrator of the federal energy office , a short-term organization created to coordinate the response to the embargo .
abc news provides news and features content for select radio stations owned by citadel broadcasting , which purchased the abc radio properties in 2007 .
like mitochondria , chloroplasts use the potential energy stored in an h+ , or hydrogen ion gradient to generate atp energy .
the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz is listed as a unesco world heritage site .
on 11 july 1934 , the new york herald tribune published an article on tesla , in which he recalled an event that would occasionally take place while experimenting with his single-electrode vacuum tubes ; a minute particle would break off the cathode , pass out of the tube , and physically strike him .
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage .
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
the dutch health authorities regarded the treatment unnecessary , so she argued this restricted the freedom ( of the german health clinic ) to provide services .
european chemists made deadly explosives that could be used in combat , and with innovations in machinery they were able to manufacture improved firearms .
this combination of structures enables lobates to feed continuously on suspended planktonic prey .
in 2012 it investigated the maltese commissioner for health , john dalli , who quickly resigned after allegations that he received a €60m bribe in connection with a tobacco products directive .
peter davison , colin baker and sylvester mccoy appeared together in the 1999 audio adventure the sirens of time .
the first doctor encounters himself in the story the space museum ( albeit frozen and as an exhibit ) , the third doctor encounters and interacts with himself in the story day of the daleks , the fourth doctor encounters and interacts with the future incarnation of himself ( the 'watcher ' ) in the story logopolis , the ninth doctor observes a former version of his current incarnation in " father 's day " , and the eleventh doctor briefly comes face to face with himself in " the big bang " .
[ b ] the highest energy , partially filled orbitals are antibonding , and so their filling weakens the bond order from three to two .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
in 2000 , abc launched a web-based promotional campaign focused around its circle logo , also called " the dot " , in which comic book character little dot prompted visitors to " download the dot " , a program which would cause the abc logo to fly around the screen and settle in the bottom-right corner .
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences .
the age of imperialism , a time period beginning around 1700 , saw ( generally european ) industrializing nations engaging in the process of colonizing , influencing , and annexing other parts of the world in order to gain political power .
although maududi talked about islamic revolution , by " revolution " he meant not the violence or populist policies of the iranian revolution , but the gradual changing the hearts and minds of individuals from the top of society downward through an educational process or da'wah .
in 1846 , the natural history lectures of louis agassiz were acclaimed both in new york and on the campus at harvard college .
he tried to put these ideas to practical use in an ill-fated attempt at intercontinental wireless transmission , his unfinished wardenclyffe tower project .
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030. in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
it consists of filaments about 5 nanometers across , arranged in rows 6.4 nanometers apart , and shrinks to squeeze the chloroplast .
from 1530 a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from tyneside to newcastle quayside , giving a monopoly in the coal trade to a cartel of newcastle burgesses known as the hostmen .
brownlee notes that " although civil disobedients are constrained in their use of coercion by their conscientious aim to engage in moral dialogue , nevertheless they may find it necessary to employ limited coercion in order to get their issue onto the table . "
luther and his wife moved into a former monastery , " the black cloister , " a wedding present from the new elector john the steadfast ( 1525–32 ) .
the network has an estimated national reach of 96.26 % of all households in the united states ( or 300,794,157 americans with at least one television set ) .
the airport handles over five million passengers per year , and is the tenth largest , and the fastest growing regional airport in the uk , expecting to reach 10 million passengers by 2016 , and 15 million by 2030. as of 2007 [ update ] , over 90 destinations are available worldwide .
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city .
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
on 1 august 1521 , luther wrote to melanchthon on the same theme : " be a sinner , and let your sins be strong , but let your trust in christ be stronger , and rejoice in christ who is the victor over sin , death , and the world .
in this highly stable hierarchy , the pharmacists—and even pharmacist assistants—were assigned status superior to all others in health-related fields such as physicians and acupuncturists .
as a result , private schools in new zealand are now largely restricted to the largest cities ( auckland , hamilton , wellington and christchurch ) and niche markets .
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue .
it stands on the vistula river in east-central poland , roughly 260 kilometres ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea and 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains .
on december 7 , 2005 , abc sports and espn signed an eight-year broadcast rights agreement with nascar , allowing abc and espn to broadcast 17 nextel cup races each season ( comprising just over half of the 36 races held annually ) effective with the 2006 season .
according to this theory , those who already hold wealth have the means to invest in new sources of creating wealth or to otherwise leverage the accumulation of wealth , thus are the beneficiaries of the new wealth .
also , very unequal societies tend to be politically and socially unstable , which is reflected in lower rates of investment and therefore growth . "
there are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end , and are spaced evenly round the body .
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney .
however , on may 3 , 2013 , the florida legislature refused to approve the funding plan to pay for the renovations , dealing a significant blow to miami 's chances .
decisions in-between the four-year meetings are made by the mission council ( usually consisting of church bishops ) .
his opinion stemmed from the belief that humans ' " pity " had interfered with the natural " ruthless workings of nature , " rather than from conceptions of a " master race " or inherent superiority of one person over another .
:162–164 in february 1912 , an article— " nikola tesla , dreamer " by allan l. benson—was published in world today , in which an artist 's illustration appears showing the entire earth cracking in half with the caption , " tesla claims that in a few weeks he could set the earth 's crust into such a state of vibration that it would rise and fall hundreds of feet and practically destroy civilization .
hms dreadnought of 1905 was the first major warship to replace the proven technology of the reciprocating engine with the then-novel steam turbine .
in the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 % interest in cable sports channel espn , the network 's parent merged with capital cities communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations .
despite periodic repression , the brotherhood has become one of the most influential movements in the islamic world , particularly in the arab world .
the conquest of cyprus by the anglo-norman forces of the third crusade opened a new chapter in the history of the island , which would be under western european domination for the following 380 years .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
to further highlight the difference between a problem and an instance , consider the following instance of the decision version of the traveling salesman problem : is there a route of at most 2000 kilometres passing through all of germany 's 15 largest cities ?
in on the abrogation of the private mass , he condemned as idolatry the idea that the mass is a sacrifice , asserting instead that it is a gift , to be received with thanksgiving by the whole congregation .
the capture of warũhiũ itote ( aka general china ) on 15 january 1954 and the subsequent interrogation led to a better understanding of the mau mau command structure .
the war of the austrian succession ( whose north american theater is known as king george 's war ) formally ended in 1748 with the signing of the treaty of aix-la-chapelle .
in the united states , the umc ranks as the largest mainline protestant denomination , the largest protestant church after the southern baptist convention , and the third largest christian denomination .
ronald berger writes that luther is credited with " germanizing the christian critique of judaism and establishing anti-semitism as a key element of german culture and national identity . "
inside cryptophyte chloroplasts is a pyrenoid and thylakoids in stacks of two .
the social charter declares 30 general principles , including on fair remuneration of employment , health and safety at work , rights of disabled and elderly , the rights of workers , on vocational training and improvements of living conditions .
recent findings near lake turkana indicate that hominids such as homo habilis ( 1.8 and 2.5 million years ago ) and homo erectus ( 1.8 million to 350,000 years ago ) are possible direct ancestors of modern homo sapiens , and lived in kenya in the pleistocene epoch .
opposition politicians , human rights groups , and nine western countries criticised the security bill , arguing that it infringed on democratic freedoms .
the normans left their legacy in many castles , such as william iron arm 's citadel at squillace , and cathedrals , such as roger ii 's cappella palatina chapel at palermo , which dot the landscape and give a wholly distinct architectural flavor to accompany its unique history .
all declared their support for richard provided that he support guy against his rival conrad of montferrat .
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs .
dikes , long , planar igneous intrusions , enter along cracks , and therefore often form in large numbers in areas that are being actively deformed .
tesla was incorrect in his assumption that high frequency radio waves would penetrate water but émile girardeau , who helped develop france 's first radar system in the 1930s , noted in 1953 that tesla 's general speculation that a very strong high frequency signal would be needed was correct stating " ( tesla ) was prophesying or dreaming , since he had at his disposal no means of carrying them out , but one must add that if he was dreaming , at least he was dreaming correctly .
they eventually forced tesla out leaving him penniless .
in 1523 , luther wrote that jesus christ was born a jew which discouraged mistreatment of the jews and advocated their conversion by proving that the old testament could be shown to speak of jesus christ .
martin luther married katharina von bora , one of 12 nuns he had helped escape from the nimbschen cistercian convent in april 1523 , when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels .
all matters that are not specifically reserved are automatically devolved to the scottish parliament .
these scholars believed that northern europe and the mid-atlantic temperate climate produced a hard-working , moral , and upstanding human being .
the original theatre royal in newcastle was opened on 21 january 1788 and was located on mosley street .
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism .
among his criticisms , lindzen has stated that the wgi summary for policymakers ( spm ) does not faithfully summarize the full wgi report .
the duchy of normandy , which began in 911 as a fiefdom , was established by the treaty of saint-clair-sur-epte between king charles iii of west francia and the famed viking ruler rollo , and was situated in the former frankish kingdom of neustria .
endosymbiotic gene transfer is how we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages .
in may 2000 , the parliament was temporarily relocated to the former strathclyde regional council debating chamber in glasgow , and to the university of aberdeen in may 2002 .
the principle of faunal succession is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks .
there are three private schools ( including the secondary school , st dominic 's college ) operated by the catholic schismatic group , the society of st pius x in wanganui .
the next three drives of the game would end in punts .
this work , which included linking producers to wholesalers , helped to increase local producer prices by 20–25 % in nairobi and mombasa .
[ citation needed ] sometime before the rise of genghis khan , ong khan , his mentor and eventual rival , had converted to nestorian christianity .
:1–4 when the hollis professor of divinity david tappan died in 1803 and the president of harvard joseph willard died a year later , in 1804 , a struggle broke out over their replacements .
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns .
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
islamists accused the saudi regime of being a puppet of the west .
in response , teachers may concentrate their attention on motivated students , ignoring attention-seeking and disruptive students .
the world watched annan and his un-backed panel and african union chairman jakaya kikwete as they brought together the former rivals to the signing ceremony , beamed live on national tv from the steps of nairobi 's harambee house .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
sir charles lyell first published his famous book , principles of geology , in 1830. this book , which influenced the thought of charles darwin , successfully promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism .
the private education student financial assistance is made available to underprivileged , but deserving high school graduates , who wish to pursue college/technical education in private colleges and universities .
mongol armies pushed into persia , finished off the western xia and the remnants of the khwarezmids , and came into conflict with the imperial song dynasty of china , starting a war that lasted until 1279 and that concluded with the mongols gaining control of all of china .
in may 2006 , the irish broadcaster setanta sports was awarded two of the six premier league packages that the english fa offered to broadcasters .
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk .
by the end of 1350 , the black death subsided , but it never really died out in england .
the alsace on the left banks of the upper rhine was sold to burgundy by archduke sigismund of austria in 1469 and eventually fell to france in the thirty years ' war .
maududi also believed that muslim society could not be islamic without sharia , and islam required the establishment of an islamic state .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert .
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down .
the romans kept eight legions in five bases along the rhine .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
but once again they came up empty , this time as a result of a newton pass that bounced off the hands of ginn and was intercepted by safety t. j. ward .
he completed the 1752 treaty of logstown in which the local indians , through their " half-king " tanacharison and an iroquois representative , agreed to terms that included permission to build a " strong house " at the mouth of the monongahela river ( the site of present-day pittsburgh , pennsylvania ) .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
andrew lortie ( born andré lortie ) , a leading huguenot theologian and writer who led the exiled community in london , became known for articulating their criticism of the pope and the doctrine of transubstantiation during mass .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
therefore , the church supports and extends its ministry to those persons who conscientiously oppose all war , or any particular war , and who therefore refuse to serve in the armed forces or to cooperate with systems of military conscription .
the earth 's crustal rock is composed in large part of oxides of silicon ( silica sio 2 , as found in granite and quartz ) , aluminium ( aluminium oxide al 2o 3 , in bauxite and corundum ) , iron ( iron ( iii ) oxide fe 2o 3 , in hematite and rust ) , and calcium carbonate ( in limestone ) .
roeding park , near downtown fresno , is home to the fresno chaffee zoo , and rotary storyland and playland .
the historian fred anderson suggests that tanaghrisson was acting to gain the support of the british and regain authority over his own people . they had been inclined to support the french , with whom they had long trading relationships .
the current 8–4–4 system was launched in january 1985. it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector .
to avoid interference with existing vhf television stations in the san francisco bay area and those planned for chico , sacramento , salinas , and stockton , the federal communications commission decided that fresno would only have uhf television stations .
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south .
andy taylor , former lead guitarist of duran duran was born here in 1961. brian johnson was a member of local rock band geordie before becoming the lead vocalist of ac/dc .
luther made certain concessions to the saxon , who was a relative of the elector , and promised to remain silent if his opponents did .
from 2000 to 2007 it killed 542 people in 140 suicide bombing or " martyrdom operations " .
together in april 1887 they formed the tesla electric company with an agreement that profits from generated patents would go ⅓ to tesla , ⅓ to peck and brown , and ⅓ to fund development .
the service continued until the closure of bskyb 's analogue service on 27 september 2001 , due to the launch and expansion of the sky digital platform .
japan also invaded thailand , pressuring the country into a thai/japanese alliance .
in 1979 , less than a year after becoming pope , john paul celebrated mass in victory square in warsaw and ended his sermon with a call to " renew the face " of poland : let thy spirit descend !
from the death of augustus in ad 14 until after ad 70 , rome accepted as her germanic frontier the water-boundary of the rhine and upper danube .
in 1993 , galor and zeira showed that inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has a long lasting detrimental effect on human capital formation and economic development .
the network was also propelled during the early 1980s by the continued successes of happy days , three 's company , laverne & shirley and fantasy island , and gained new hits in too close for comfort , soap spinoff benson and happy days spinoff mork & mindy .
the block of west end avenue housing the abc news building was renamed peter jennings way in 2006 in honor of the recently deceased longtime abc news chief anchor and anchor of world news tonight .
in the 2013 episode " the time of the doctor , " the eleventh doctor clarified he was the product of the twelfth regeneration , due to a previous incarnation which he chose not to count and one other aborted regeneration .
the network 's flagship owned-and-operated station , wjz-tv in new york city ( later re-called wabc-tv ) , signed on the air on august 10 , 1948 , with its first broadcast running for two hours that evening .
christian whiton , an official in the george w. bush administration , called for a new agency focused on the nonviolent practice of " political warfare " aimed at undermining the ideology .
hamas has been praised by muslims for driving israel out of the gaza strip , but criticized for failure to achieve its demands in the 2008-9 and 2014 gaza wars despite heavy destruction and significant loss of life .
over 60 schools converted to become national type schools .
the common allotrope of elemental oxygen on earth is called dioxygen , o 2. it is the form that is a major part of the earth 's atmosphere ( see occurrence ) .
it meets each six months and its president ( currently former poland prime minister donald tusk ) is meant to 'drive forward its work ' , but it does not itself 'legislative functions ' .
in order to compete with cnn , abc proposed a 24-hour news channel called abc cable news , with plans to launch the network in 1995 ; however , the plan would ultimately be shelved by company management .
... the main reason for this shift is the increasing importance of human capital in development .
the university is accredited by the higher learning commission .
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) .
the kilogram-force leads to an alternate , but rarely used unit of mass : the metric slug ( sometimes mug or hyl ) is that mass that accelerates at 1 m·s−2 when subjected to a force of 1 kgf .
the command module ( cm ) was the conical crew cabin , designed to carry three astronauts from launch to lunar orbit and back to an earth ocean landing .
he also recruited and built a cadre of influential loyalists by placing sympathetic students in the university and military academy while serving as minister of education .
inherited wealth may help explain why many americans who have become rich may have had a " substantial head start " .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
it was very popular at the bafta cymru awards , with 25 wins overall including best drama series ( twice ) , best screenplay/screenwriter ( thrice ) and best actor .
the ipcc produces reports that support the united nations framework convention on climate change ( unfccc ) , which is the main international treaty on climate change .
in particular , number theorists such as british mathematician g. h. hardy prided themselves on doing work that had absolutely no military significance .
tesla worked every day from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. or later , with dinner from exactly 8:10 p.m. , at delmonico 's restaurant and later the waldorf-astoria hotel .
it allegedly attempted and failed such coups in 1968 and 1969 in jordan , and in 1974 in egypt , and is now banned in both countries .
doctor who has been nominated for over 200 awards and has won over a hundred of them .
modern mongolian historians say that towards the end of his life , genghis khan attempted to create a civil state under the great yassa that would have established the legal equality of all individuals , including women .
vaudreuil and montcalm were minimally resupplied in 1758 , as the british blockade of the french coastline limited french shipping .
in australia , the show has had a strong fan base since its inception , having been exclusively first run by the australian broadcasting corporation ( abc ) since january 1965. the abc has periodically repeated episodes ; of note were the weekly screenings of all available classic episodes starting in 2003 , for the show 's 40th anniversary , and the weekdaily screenings of all available revived episodes in 2013 for the show 's 50th anniversary .
for the top 21 industrialised countries , counting each person equally , life expectancy is lower in more unequal countries ( r = -.907 ) .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) .
the cover caption " all the world 's his power house " noted his contribution to electrical power generation .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
for eight days in lent , beginning on invocavit sunday , 9 march , luther preached eight sermons , which became known as the " invocavit sermons " .
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower .
one of them is goldbach 's conjecture , which asserts that every even integer n greater than 2 can be written as a sum of two primes .
complexity measures are very generally defined by the blum complexity axioms .
following the election of the uk labour party to government in 1997 , the uk formally subscribed to the agreement on social policy , which allowed it to be included with minor amendments as the social chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam .
all of the forces in the universe are based on four fundamental interactions .
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock .
cash flow problems exist when the present amount of funding can not cover the current costs for labour and materials , and because they are a matter of having sufficient funds at a specific time , can arise even when the overall total is enough .
the name rijn , from here on , is used only for smaller streams farther to the north , which together formed the main river rhine in roman times .
in principle , this means that any significant new evidence or events that change our understanding of climate science between this deadline and publication of an ipcc report can not be included .
the iroquois confederation dominated much of present-day upstate new york and the ohio country , although the latter also included algonquian-speaking populations of delaware and shawnee , as well as iroquoian-speaking mingo .
however , the university chose to withdraw from the conference in 1946 after university president robert maynard hutchins de-emphasized varsity athletics in 1939 and dropped football .
during the english civil war , the north declared for the king .
tesla invented a steam-powered mechanical oscillator—tesla 's oscillator .
with the 2011 cancellation of supernanny , extreme makeover : home edition became the only remaining program on the network 's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition .
when considering computational problems , a problem instance is a string over an alphabet .
the teu specifically excludes certain regions , for example the faroe islands , from the jurisdiction of european union law .
the dodge omni / plymouth horizon from chrysler , the ford fiesta and the chevrolet chevette all had four-cylinder engines and room for at least four passengers by the late 1970s .
all four schools were based on the same intellectual foundation , but advocated different theoretical approaches toward medicine .
in contrast , catastrophism is the theory that earth 's features formed in single , catastrophic events and remained unchanged thereafter .
according to the secret history , temüjin was named after a tatar chieftain , temüjin-üge , whom his father had just captured .
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus .
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal " sea gooseberry , " pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round .
colonialism can completely change the existing social structure , physical structure and economics of an area ; it is not unusual that the characteristics of the conquering peoples are inherited by the conquered indigenous populations .
( the name of the theater refers to a well-known landmark water tower , which is actually in another nearby area ) .
he later attributed his decision to an event : on 2 july 1505 , he was returning to university on horseback after a trip home .
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " .
however , beginning in the late 19th and early 20th century , policies such as theodore roosevelt ’ s interventionism in central america and woodrow wilson ’ s mission to " make the world safe for democracy " changed all this .
alternatively , if an external force acts on the system , then the center of mass will experience an acceleration proportional to the magnitude of the external force divided by the mass of the system .
a further type of committee is normally set up to scrutinise private bills submitted to the scottish parliament by an outside party or promoter who is not a member of the scottish parliament or scottish government .
the region is home to two extended metropolitan areas that exceed five million in population .
europe 's expansion into territorial imperialism was largely focused on economic growth by collecting resources from colonies , in combination with assuming political control by military and political means .
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball .
following a referendum in 1997 , in which the scottish electorate voted for devolution , the current parliament was convened by the scotland act 1998 , which sets out its powers as a devolved legislature .
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen .
from 1530 a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from tyneside to newcastle quayside , giving a monopoly in the coal trade to a cartel of newcastle burgesses known as the hostmen .
an enthusiastic teacher has the ability to be very influential in the young students life .
in early 1961 , direct ascent was generally the mission mode in favor at nasa .
in the early 18th century , a regional group known as the camisards who were huguenots rioted against the catholic church in the region , burning churches and killing clergy .
the uniqueness in this theorem requires excluding 1 as a prime because one can include arbitrarily many instances of 1 in any factorization , e.g. , 3 , 1 · 3 , 1 · 1 · 3 , etc .
the principle of cross-cutting relationships pertains to the formation of faults and the age of the sequences through which they cut .
from opposite sides of the body extends a pair of long , slender tentacles , each housed in a sheath into which it can be withdrawn .
organizational interventions , like changing teachers ' schedules , providing support networks and mentoring , changing the work environment , and offering promotions and bonuses , may be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers .
martin luther was born to hans luder ( or ludher , later luther ) and his wife margarethe ( née lindemann ) on 10 november 1483 in eisleben , saxony , then part of the holy roman empire .
to classify the computation time ( or similar resources , such as space consumption ) , one is interested in proving upper and lower bounds on the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem .
in february 2010 , in response to controversies regarding claims in the fourth assessment report , five climate scientists – all contributing or lead ipcc report authors – wrote in the journal nature calling for changes to the ipcc .
[ ... ] for reason is the greatest enemy that faith has ; it never comes to the aid of spiritual things . "
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan .
the revocation forbade protestant services , required education of children as catholics , and prohibited emigration .
enthusiastic teachers are particularly good at creating beneficial relations with their students .
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma .
chemical catalysts can be used as well , such as in chemical oxygen generators or oxygen candles that are used as part of the life-support equipment on submarines , and are still part of standard equipment on commercial airliners in case of depressurization emergencies .
chagaan ( tsagaan ) and zhang rou jointly launched an attack on the song dynasty ordered by töregene khatun .
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor .
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert .
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty .
over time , wealth condensation can significantly contribute to the persistence of inequality within society .
the ability of the immune system to respond to pathogens is diminished in both the young and the elderly , with immune responses beginning to decline at around 50 years of age due to immunosenescence .
merit network , inc. , an independent non-profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) corporation governed by michigan 's public universities , was formed in 1966 as the michigan educational research information triad to explore computer networking between three of michigan 's public universities as a means to help the state 's educational and economic development .
the pharmacological effect is doubtful ; a placebo effect is a more likely explanation .
amongst these include 5 university of california campuses ( irvine , los angeles , riverside , santa barbara , and san diego ) ; 12 california state university campuses ( bakersfield , channel islands , dominguez hills , fullerton , los angeles , long beach , northridge , pomona , san bernardino , san diego , san marcos , and san luis obispo ) ; and private institutions such as the california institute of technology , chapman university , the claremont colleges ( claremont mckenna college , harvey mudd college , pitzer college , pomona college , and scripps college ) , loma linda university , loyola marymount university , occidental college , pepperdine university , university of redlands , university of san diego , and the university of southern california .
surveys of plague pit remains in france and england indicate the first variant entered europe through the port of marseille around november 1347 and spread through france over the next two years , eventually reaching england in the spring of 1349 , where it spread through the country in three epidemics .
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces .
since forces are perceived as pushes or pulls , this can provide an intuitive understanding for describing forces .
the largest , the theatre royal on grey street , first opened in 1837 , designed by john and benjamin green .
tesla incorrectly believed that x-rays were longitudinal waves , such as those produced in waves in plasmas .
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block .
the john w. weeks bridge is a pedestrian bridge over the charles river connecting both campuses .
rhodoplasts have chlorophyll a and phycobilins for photosynthetic pigments ; the phycobilin phycoerytherin is responsible for giving many red algae their distinctive red color .
there are eleven lea-funded 11 to 18 schools and seven independent schools with sixth forms in newcastle .
administrator webb realized that in order to keep apollo costs under control , he had to develop greater project management skills in his organization , so he recruited dr. george e. mueller for a high management job .
new york city o & o wabc-tv and philadelphia o & o wpvi-tv were the first stations to offer streams of their programming on the service ( with a free preview for non-subscribers through june 2013 ) , with the six remaining abc o & os offering streams by the start of the 2013–14 season .
torque is the rotation equivalent of force in the same way that angle is the rotational equivalent for position , angular velocity for velocity , and angular momentum for momentum .
in particular , although dtime ( n ) is contained in dtime ( n2 ) , it would be interesting to know if the inclusion is strict .
the commission 's president ( currently an ex-luxembourg prime minister , jean-claude juncker ) sets the agenda for the eu 's work .
most work has been done on the spread of the plague in england , and even estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100 % as no census was undertaken between the time of publication of the domesday book and the year 1377. estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy .
water ( h2o ) and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) are used in photosynthesis , and sugar and oxygen ( o2 ) is made , using light energy .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
by that year , abc had a total viewership share of 23.63 % of american households , just below the limit of 25 % imposed by the fcc .
in the late 19th century , the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing 'system ' was used on some marine triple expansion engines .
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
their most distinctive feature is the ‘ combs ’ – groups of cilia which they use for swimming – they are the largest animals that swim by means of cilia .
committees comprise a small number of msps , with membership reflecting the balance of parties across parliament .
often the place that did this was called an apothecary and several languages have this as the dominant term , though their practices are more akin to a modern pharmacy , in english the term apothecary would today be seen as outdated or only approproriate if herbal remedies were on offer to a large extent .
in the stomach , gastric acid and proteases serve as powerful chemical defenses against ingested pathogens .
the expedition was a disaster .
one of the things tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887 was an induction motor that ran on alternating current , a power system format that was starting to be built in europe and the united states because of its advantages in long-distance , high-voltage transmission .
ma jianlong later died from wounds received from arrows in battle .
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign. ” if a man chose to be an agent of injustice , then thoreau insisted on confronting him with the fact that he was making a choice .
the harvard medical school , harvard school of dental medicine , and the harvard school of public health are located on a 21-acre ( 8.5 ha ) campus in the longwood medical and academic area approximately 3.3 miles ( 5.3 km ) southwest of downtown boston and 3.3 miles ( 5.3 km ) south of the cambridge campus .
according to the new york times on july 22 , 2014 , the " richest 1 percent in the united states now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent " .
cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the contractor identified change orders or project changes that increased costs , which are not subject to competition from other firms as they have already been eliminated from consideration after the initial bid .
the new concept called " love radio " , which featured a limited selection of music genres , was launched on abc 's seven owned-and-operated fm stations in late november 1968 ; the concept replaced nearly all of the programming provided by these stations ; however , several affiliates ( such as kxyz ) retained the majority of their content .
the state of victoria was divided into eight electorates with each electorate represented by five representatives elected by single transferable vote .
according to legend , it was here that genghis khan reportedly saw a line of five stars arranged in the sky and interpreted it as an omen of his victory .
where it was once the case that pharmacists stayed within the dispensary compounding/dispensing medications , there has been an increasing trend towards the use of trained pharmacy technicians while the pharmacist spends more time communicating with patients .
the academy was responsible for compiling and publishing a number of books , but its most important achievement was its compilation of a vast institutional compendium named jingshi dadian ( chinese : 經世大典 ) .
an online petition of over 5,100 names on the parliamentary website led to chris smith asking parliament about the future of the collection .
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom .
the episode " vincent and the doctor " was shortlisted for a mind award at the 2010 mind mental health media awards for its " touching " portrayal of vincent van gogh .
accordingly , the term odd prime refers to any prime number greater than 2. similarly , when written in the usual decimal system , all prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1 , 3 , 7 , or 9 , since even numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5 .
there is an extensive collection of delftware produced in both britain and holland , which includes a circa 1695 flower pyramid over a metre in height .
therefore , most ersatzschulen have very low tuition fees and/or offer scholarships , compared to most other western european countries .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
the logo from 1973–80 was used for the third doctor 's final season and for the majority of the fourth doctor 's tenure .
even simple unicellular organisms such as bacteria possess a rudimentary immune system , in the form of enzymes that protect against bacteriophage infections .
this means that the commission has a monopoly on initiating the legislative procedure , although the council is the " de facto catalyst of many legislative initiatives " .
when the researchers ' analysis was " applied to the possible scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) , the researchers found that in 2100 sea levels would be 0.5–1.4 m [ 50–140 cm ] above 1990 levels .
the muslims in the semu class also revolted against the yuan dynasty in the ispah rebellion but the rebellion was crushed and the muslims were massacred by the yuan loyalist commander chen youding .
virgin media ( re-branded in 2007 from ntl : telewest ) started to offer a high-definition television ( hdtv ) capable set top box , although from 30 november 2006 until 30 july 2009 it only carried one linear hd channel , bbc hd , after the conclusion of the itv hd trial .
the colorado experiments had prepared tesla for the establishment of the trans-atlantic wireless telecommunications facility known as wardenclyffe near shoreham , long island .
in this last connection , the name could suggest the derogatory inference of superstitious worship ; popular fancy held that huguon , the gate of king hugo , was haunted by the ghost of le roi huguet ( regarded by roman catholics as an infamous scoundrel ) and other spirits , who instead of being in purgatory came back to harm the living at night .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
the label huguenot was purportedly first applied in france to those conspirators ( all of them aristocratic members of the reformed church ) involved in the amboise plot of 1560 : a foiled attempt to wrest power in france from the influential house of guise .
the oude maas branches off , near dordrecht , farther down rejoining the nieuwe maas to form het scheur .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
due to its central location between the commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596. in the following years the town expanded towards the suburbs .
rubisco has a problem—it has trouble distinguishing between carbon dioxide and oxygen , so at high oxygen concentrations , rubisco starts accidentally adding oxygen to sugar precursors .
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species .
since the election riots , the government and civil society organisations started programmes to avoid similar disasters in the future , said agnes r. m. aboum – executive director of taabco research and development consultants in nairobi – in the magazine d+c development and cooperation .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
salaries for teachers depend on the civil servants ' salary index scale ( bundesbesoldungsordnung ) .
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness .
this antigen/antibody complex is taken up by the b cell and processed by proteolysis into peptides .
oxygen gas ( o 2 ) can be toxic at elevated partial pressures , leading to convulsions and other health problems .
the warfare was definitively quelled in 1598 , when henry of navarre , having succeeded to the french throne as henry iv , and having recanted protestantism in favour of roman catholicism , issued the edict of nantes .
the prince of płock , bolesław ii of masovia , established this settlement , the modern-day warsaw , in about 1300. in the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the dukes of masovia , becoming the official capital of masovian duchy in 1413 .
during the following years , a magnetic tape shortage prompted nasa to remove massive numbers of magnetic tapes from the national archives and records administration to be recorded over with newer satellite data .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
by autumn 1347 , the plague reached alexandria in egypt , probably through the port 's trade with constantinople , and ports on the black sea .
however , average teacher salaries have improved rapidly in recent years .
the broncos took an early lead in super bowl 50 and never trailed .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
however , some civil disobedients have nonetheless found it hard to resist responding to investigators ' questions , sometimes due to a lack of understanding of the legal ramifications , or due to a fear of seeming rude .
the daily mail newspaper reported in 2012 that the uk government 's benefits agency was checking claimants ' " sky tv bills to establish if a woman in receipt of benefits as a single mother is wrongly claiming to be living alone " – as , it claimed , subscription to sports channels would betray a man 's presence in the household .
it was in this place in tours that the prétendus réformés ( " these supposedly 'reformed ' " ) habitually gathered at night , both for political purposes , and for prayer and singing psalms .
legrande writes that " the formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is extremely difficult , if not impossible .
a commission on pan methodist cooperation and union formed in 2000 to carry out work on such a merger .
in november , genghis laid siege to the tangut city lingzhou and crossed the yellow river , defeating the tangut relief army .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
however , the requirements to be registered in milan before being able to practice would be allowed if they were non-discriminatory , " justified by imperative requirements in the general interest " and proportionately applied .
moreover , some churches , especially in 2016 after same-sex marriage was legalized nationwide , have provided blessings for same-sex marriages .
official corporal punishment , often by caning , remains commonplace in schools in some asian , african and caribbean countries .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
presented to the scottish parliament by the queen upon its official opening in july 1999 , the mace is displayed in a glass case suspended from the lid .
during this hold , an electrical fire began in the cabin , and spread quickly in the high pressure , 100 % oxygen atmosphere .
the most important apicoplast function is isopentenyl pyrophosphate synthesis—in fact , apicomplexans die when something interferes with this apicoplast function , and when apicomplexans are grown in an isopentenyl pyrophosphate-rich medium , they dump the organelle .
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) .
most hospital medications are unit-dose , or a single dose of medicine .
in the summers , temperature ranges are 90-60 's while as winters are 70-50 's , usually all of southern california have mediterranean climate .
directly beneath the president are the provost , fourteen vice presidents ( including the chief financial officer , chief investment officer , and dean of students of the university ) , the directors of argonne national laboratory and fermilab , the secretary of the university , and the student ombudsperson .
in typical geological investigations , geologists use primary information related to petrology ( the study of rocks ) , stratigraphy ( the study of sedimentary layers ) , and structural geology ( the study of positions of rock units and their deformation ) .
for mobile applications steam has been largely superseded by internal combustion engines or electric motors .
the three sources of european union law are primary law , secondary law and supplementary law .
rashid al-din reports that the great khan sent for his sons in the spring of 1223 , and while his brothers heeded the order , jochi remained in khorasan .
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek .
at that time , the nbc red network was the principal radio network in the united states and , according to the fcc , rca was using nbc blue to eliminate any hint of competition .
at state level , the parliament of victoria consists of the legislative assembly ( the lower house ) and the legislative council ( the upper house ) .
deacons give leadership , preach the word , contribute in worship , conduct marriages , bury the dead , and aid the church in embodying its mission within the world .
bills pass through parliament in a number of stages :
jon culshaw frequently impersonates the fourth doctor in the bbc dead ringers series .
scientists at the brazilian national institute of amazonian research argue in the article that this drought response , coupled with the effects of deforestation on regional climate , are pushing the rainforest towards a " tipping point " where it would irreversibly start to die .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
the television network has eight owned-and-operated and over 232 affiliated television stations throughout the united states and its territories .
the lowest point lies at a height 75.6 metres ( 248.0 ft ) ( at the right bank of the vistula , by the eastern border of warsaw ) .
each packet is labeled with a destination address , source address , and port numbers . it may also be labeled with the sequence number of the packet .
the victoria and albert museum has a computer system but most of the items in the collection , unless those were newly accessioned into the collection , probably do not show up in the computer system .
this means that it takes energy to pack them together .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices .
nintendo and the pokémon company also made their super bowl debut , promoting the 20th anniversary of the pokémon video game and media franchise .
when a person ’ s capabilities are lowered , they are in some way deprived of earning as much income as they would otherwise .
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) .
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
as it approaches the dutch border , the rhine has an annual mean discharge of 2,290 m3/s ( 81,000 cu ft/s ) and an average width of 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) .
in the aftermath of generally poor french results in most theaters of the seven years ' war in 1758 , france 's new foreign minister , the duc de choiseul , decided to focus on an invasion of britain , to draw british resources away from north america and the european mainland .
as a consequence , engines equipped only with this governor were not suitable for operations requiring constant speed , such as cotton spinning .
in 2007 , peter davison returned in the children in need short " time crash " alongside david tennant , and most recently in 2013 's 50th anniversary special episode , " the day of the doctor " , david tennant 's tenth doctor appeared alongside matt smith as the eleventh doctor and john hurt as the war doctor , as well as brief footage from all of the previous actors .
:121,154 he lived most of his life in a series of new york hotels , through his retirement .
for example , the decision problem in presburger arithmetic has been shown not to be in p , yet algorithms have been written that solve the problem in reasonable times in most cases .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
to date , an estimated 438,000 species of plants of economic and social interest have been registered in the region with many more remaining to be discovered or catalogued .
oxygen is toxic to obligately anaerobic organisms , which were the dominant form of early life on earth until o 2 began to accumulate in the atmosphere about 2.5 billion years ago during the great oxygenation event , about a billion years after the first appearance of these organisms .
the neighborhood features restaurants , live theater and nightclubs , as well as several independent shops and bookstores , currently operating on or near olive avenue , and all within a few hundred feet of each other .
individuals may rely on primary law in the court of justice of the european union if the treaty provisions have a direct effect and they are sufficiently clear , precise and unconditional .
members of the cydippid genus pleurobrachia and the lobate bolinopsis often reach high population densities at the same place and time because they specialize in different types of prey : pleurobrachia 's long tentacles mainly capture relatively strong swimmers such as adult copepods , while bolinopsis generally feeds on smaller , weaker swimmers such as rotifers and mollusc and crustacean larvae .
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water .
larger drugs ( > 500 da ) can provoke a neutralizing immune response , particularly if the drugs are administered repeatedly , or in larger doses .
ipcc author richard lindzen has made a number of criticisms of the tar .
in response to american aid to israel , on october 16 , 1973 , opec raised the posted price of oil by 70 % , to $ 5.11 a barrel .
a constitutional change was considered that would eliminate the position of prime minister and simultaneously reduce the powers of the president .
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer .
during the 1970s and sometimes later , western and pro-western governments often supported sometimes fledgling islamists and islamist groups that later came to be seen as dangerous enemies .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
the largest single sensory feature is the aboral organ ( at the opposite end from the mouth ) .
the command module pilot was gemini veteran richard f. gordon , jr. conrad and bean carried the first lunar surface color television camera , but it was damaged when accidentally pointed into the sun .
parliament typically sits tuesdays , wednesdays and thursdays from early january to late june and from early september to mid december , with two-week recesses in april and october .
airing during the 1955–56 season , it showcased television adaptations of the 1942 films kings row and casablanca ; cheyenne ( adapted from the 1947 film wyoming kid ) ; sugarfoot ( a remake of the 1954 film the boy from oklahoma ) ; and maverick .
with international criminal court trial dates in 2013 for both president kenyatta and deputy president william ruto related to the 2007 election aftermath , us president barack obama chose not to visit the country during his mid-2013 african trip .
on august 30 , a feasibility study competition was announced , and on october 25 , three study contracts were awarded to general dynamics/convair , general electric , and the glenn l. martin company .
his theology challenged the authority and office of the pope by teaching that the bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge from god and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all baptized christians to be a holy priesthood .
however , the running time may , in general , depend on the instance .
in 1565 the spanish decided to enforce their claim to la florida , and sent pedro menéndez de avilés , who established the settlement of st. augustine near fort caroline .
later on , broncos receiver jordan norwood received brad nortman 's short 28-yard punt surrounded by panthers players , but none of them attempted to make a tackle , apparently thinking norwood had called a fair catch .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
these jurisdictions also usually specify that only pharmacists may supply scheduled pharmaceuticals to the public , and that pharmacists can not form business partnerships with physicians or give them " kickback " payments .
these clades ( which are thought to be extinct ) were found to be ancestral to modern isolates of the modern y. pestis strains y. p. orientalis and y. p. medievalis , suggesting the plague may have entered europe in two waves .
formed in november 1990 by the equal merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting , bskyb became the uk 's largest digital subscription television company .
khublai evoked his public image as a sage emperor by following the rituals of confucian propriety and ancestor veneration , while simultaneously retaining his roots as a leader from the steppes .
led by isaiah d. hart , residents wrote a charter for a town government , which was approved by the florida legislative council on february 9 , 1832 .
the nestorian physician jesus the interpreter founded the office of western medicine in 1263 during the reign of kublai .
as of 2012 , quality private schools in the united states charged substantial tuition , close to $ 40,000 annually for day schools in new york city , and nearly $ 50,000 for boarding schools .
summing these component forces using vector addition yields the original force .
after prussia unified the other states into the second german empire after the franco-german war , its long-time chancellor , otto von bismarck ( 1862–90 ) , long opposed colonial acquisitions , arguing that the burden of obtaining , maintaining , and defending such possessions would outweigh any potential benefits .
in january 2010 bskyb discontinued the sky+ box , limited the standard sky box to multiroom upgrade only and started to issue the sky+hd box as standard , thus giving all new subscribers the functions of sky+ .
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union .
king malcolm iii of scotland married edgar 's sister margaret , and came into opposition to william who had already disputed scotland 's southern borders .
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum .
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz .
today , harvard fields top teams in several other sports , such as the harvard crimson men 's ice hockey team ( with a strong rivalry against cornell ) , squash , and even recently won ncaa titles in men 's and women 's fencing .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
many of the classical molecules of the adaptive immune system ( e.g. , immunoglobulins and t cell receptors ) exist only in jawed vertebrates .
in 1881 , tesla moved to budapest to work under ferenc puskás at a telegraph company , the budapest telephone exchange .
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism .
as well as period rooms , the collection includes parts of buildings , for example the two top stories of the facade of sir paul pindar 's house dated c1600 from bishopsgate with elaborately carved wood work and leaded windows , a rare survivor of the great fire of london , there is a brick portal from a london house of the english restoration period and a fireplace from the gallery of northumberland house .
the pound-force has a metric counterpart , less commonly used than the newton : the kilogram-force ( kgf ) ( sometimes kilopond ) , is the force exerted by standard gravity on one kilogram of mass .
david rodda noted that from 1984 and 1991 , the number of quality rental units decreased as the demand for higher quality housing increased ( rhoda 1994:148 ) .
cbs set the base rate for a 30-second advertisement at $ 5,000,000 , a record high price for a super bowl ad .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
in contrast , the humoral theory of immunity , held , among others , by robert koch and emil von behring , stated that the active immune agents were soluble components ( molecules ) found in the organism ’ s “ humors ” rather than its cells .
the molecules between the photosystems harness the electrons ' energy to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , creating a concentration gradient , with more hydrogen ions ( up to a thousand times as many ) inside the thylakoid system than in the stroma .
β-carotene is a bright red-orange carotenoid found in nearly all chloroplasts , like chlorophyll a. xanthophylls , especially the orange-red zeaxanthin , are also common .
a u.s. census 's report stated that in us once other factors are accounted for there is still a difference in earnings between women and men .
the 1950s and early 1960s saw little in the way of building work ; the first major work was the creation of new storage space for books in the art library in 1966 and 1967. this involved flooring over aston webb 's main hall to form the book stacks , with a new medieval gallery on the ground floor ( now the shop , opened in 2006 ) .
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp .
doctor who has been satirised and spoofed on many occasions by comedians including spike milligan ( a dalek invades his bathroom — milligan , naked , hurls a soap sponge at it ) and lenny henry .
in 1988 the band the justified ancients of mu mu ( later known as the klf ) released the single " doctorin ' the tardis " under the name the timelords , which reached no .
the next major step occurred when james watt developed ( 1763–1775 ) an improved version of newcomen 's engine , with a separate condenser .
upper and lower bounds are usually stated using the big o notation , which hides constant factors and smaller terms .
the five pillars of islam ) spirituality and spiritual knowledge takes on a more important dimension , with emphasis on learning from living saints - the highest of which is a qutb - and of traditions passed down from initiate to initiate , and traceable back to the founder of the order .
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) .
luther 's 1538 hymnic version of the lord 's prayer , " vater unser im himmelreich " , corresponds exactly to luther 's explanation of the prayer in the small catechism , with one stanza for each of the seven prayer petitions , plus opening and closing stanzas .
the soviet union had sent animals around the moon on september 15 , 1968 , aboard zond 5 , and it was believed they might soon repeat the feat with human cosmonauts .
he was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the black death for the second edition in 1908 , implicating rats and fleas in the process , and his interpretation was widely accepted for other ancient and medieval epidemics , such as the justinian plague that was prevalent in the eastern roman empire from 541 to 700 ce .
the united methodist church ( umc ) is a mainline protestant methodist denomination .
in particular , it has consistently topped the academic ranking of world universities ( arwu ) since 2003 , and the the world reputation rankings since 2011 , when the first time such league tables were published .
to secure further loans , westinghouse was forced to revisit tesla 's ac patent , which bankers considered a financial strain on the company ( at that point westinghouse had paid out an estimated $ 200,000 in licenses and royalties to tesla , brown , and peck ) .
at the beginning of the 20th century , important advancement in geological science was facilitated by the ability to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events using radioactive isotopes and other methods .
british english is primarily used in the country .
the national art library ( also called word and image department ) at the victoria and albert museum collection catalog used to be kept in different formats including printed exhibit catalogs , and card catalogs .
the normans ( norman : nourmands ; french : normands ; latin : normanni ) were the people who in the 10th and 11th centuries gave their name to normandy , a region in france .
the bakersfield-stockton mainlines of the burlington northern santa fe railway and union pacific railroad railroads cross in fresno , and both railroads maintain railyards within the city ; the san joaquin valley railroad also operates former southern pacific branchlines heading west and south out of the city .
tesla 's mother , đuka tesla ( née mandić ) , whose father was also an orthodox priest , :10 had a talent for making home craft tools , mechanical appliances , and the ability to memorize serbian epic poems .
ctenophores used to be regarded as " dead ends " in marine food chains because it was thought their low ratio of organic matter to salt and water made them a poor diet for other animals .
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force .
the crisis reduced the demand for large cars .
the spanish renamed the fort san mateo , and following the ejection of the french , st. augustine 's position as the most important settlement in florida was solidified .
in most countries , the dispensary is subject to pharmacy legislation ; with requirements for storage conditions , compulsory texts , equipment , etc. , specified in legislation .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
( incongruously , chinatown was primarily a japanese neighborhood and today japanese-american businesses still remain ) .
by the early 20th century , mathematicians began to accept that 1 is not a prime number , but rather forms its own special category as a " unit " .
some dinophytes , like kryptoperidinium and durinskia have a diatom ( heterokontophyte ) derived chloroplast .
the steam engine contributed much to the development of thermodynamic theory ; however , the only applications of scientific theory that influenced the steam engine were the original concepts of harnessing the power of steam and atmospheric pressure and knowledge of properties of heat and steam .
it was however superseded by the british invention steam turbine where speed was required , for instance in warships , such as the dreadnought battleships , and ocean liners .
early in 1537 , johannes agricola ( 1494–1566 ) – serving at the time as pastor in luther 's birthplace , eisleben – preached a sermon in which he claimed that god 's gospel , not god 's moral law ( the ten commandments ) , revealed god 's wrath to christians .
in december 1984 , thomas s. murphy , chief executive officer of capital cities communications , contacted leonard goldenson about a proposal to merge their respective companies .
ugali with vegetables , sour milk , meat , fish or any other stew is generally eaten by much of the population for lunch or supper .
passenger rail service is provided by amtrak san joaquins .
some time later , dyrrachium—one of the most important naval bases of the adriatic—fell again to byzantine hands .
the centrifugal governor was adopted by james watt for use on a steam engine in 1788 after watt ’ s partner boulton saw one at a flour mill boulton & watt were building .
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy .
newcastle was successfully defended against the scots three times during the 14th century , and was created a county corporate with its own sheriff by henry iv in 1400 .
the preparation and approval process for all ipcc special reports follows the same procedures as for ipcc assessment reports .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
a local pastor 's official title is 'licensed local pastor ' and is appointed as clergy to the local church where they preach , conduct divine worship and perform the regular duties of a pastor .
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants .
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities .
pharmacy informaticists work in many practice areas of pharmacy , however , they may also work in information technology departments or for healthcare information technology vendor companies .
the plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of british bacteriologist j. f. d. shrewsbury in 1970 , who noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague , leading him to conclude that contemporary accounts were exaggerations .
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen .
in 2014 , the group proclaimed itself a caliphate , with religious , political and military authority over all muslims worldwide .
on april 1 , 1963 , abc debuted the soap opera general hospital , which would go on to become the television network 's long-running entertainment program .
cbs analyst and retired referee mike carey stated he disagreed with the call and felt the review clearly showed the pass was complete .
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) .
aristotle believed that motionless objects on earth , those composed mostly of the elements earth and water , to be in their natural place on the ground and that they will stay that way if left alone .
the v & a dundee will be on the city 's waterfront and is intended to focus on fashion , architecture , product design , graphic arts and photography .
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
the bbc believed that many viewers had missed this introduction to a new series due to the coverage of the assassination , as well as a series of power blackouts across the country , and they broadcast it again on 30 november 1963 , just before episode two .
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) .
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign. ” if a man chose to be an agent of injustice , then thoreau insisted on confronting him with the fact that he was making a choice .
such engines use either three or four expansion stages and are known as triple and quadruple expansion engines respectively .
in this cycle a pump is used to pressurize the working fluid which is received from the condenser as a liquid not as a gas .
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact .
to provide against possible famines , granaries were ordered built throughout the empire .
norman customary law was transcribed in two customaries in latin by two judges for use by them and their colleagues : these are the très ancien coutumier ( very ancient customary ) , authored between 1200 and 1245 ; and the grand coutumier de normandie ( great customary of normandy , originally summa de legibus normanniae in curia laïcali ) , authored between 1235 and 1245 .
an example is hiv , which mutates rapidly , so the proteins on its viral envelope that are essential for entry into its host target cell are constantly changing .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
according to the uk government 's returned 2001 census information , the city of newcastle had a population of 189,863 , whereas the metropolitan borough of newcastle had a population of around 259,000. newcastle has a population of 282,442 according to the office for national statistics .
in his extensively detailed report , céloron wrote , " all i can say is that the natives of these localities are very badly disposed towards the french , and are entirely devoted to the english .
the broncos took an early lead in super bowl 50 and never trailed .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
john houghton , who was a co-chair of tar wgi , has responded to lindzen 's criticisms of the spm .
its main component is a statocyst , a balance sensor consisting of a statolith , a solid particle supported on four bundles of cilia , called " balancers " , that sense its orientation .
harvard 's 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , about 3 miles ( 5 km ) west-northwest of the state house in downtown boston , and extends into the surrounding harvard square neighborhood .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
this was crushed by british troops , but the discontents prompted colonial authorities to reform the administration ( particularly reducing the hated mining licence fees ) and extend the franchise .
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum .
the prince of płock , bolesław ii of masovia , established this settlement , the modern-day warsaw , in about 1300. in the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the dukes of masovia , becoming the official capital of masovian duchy in 1413 .
some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities .
first , in choosing violence over lawful submission to the secular government , they were ignoring christ 's counsel to " render unto caesar the things that are caesar 's " ; st. paul had written in his epistle to the romans 13:1–7 that all authorities are appointed by god and therefore should not be resisted .
it was not until january 1518 that friends of luther translated the 95 theses from latin into german and printed and widely copied them , making the controversy one of the first in history to be aided by the printing press .
reactive oxygen species also play an important role in the hypersensitive response of plants against pathogen attack .
antigen specificity allows for the generation of responses that are tailored to specific pathogens or pathogen-infected cells .
newton proposed that every object with mass has an innate inertia that functions as the fundamental equilibrium " natural state " in place of the aristotelian idea of the " natural state of rest " .
warsaw university of technology is the second academic school of technology in the country , and one of the largest in east-central europe , employing 2,000 professors .
on october 6 , 2004 , a joint japanese-mongolian archaeological dig uncovered what is believed to be genghis khan 's palace in rural mongolia , which raises the possibility of actually locating the ruler 's long-lost burial site .
in the spring of 1975 , fred pierce , the newly appointed president of abc television , convinced fred silverman to become the first president and director of programming of the independent television production subsidiary abc entertainment , created from the network 's namesake programming division .
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach .
the war was fought between the colonies of british america and new france , with both sides supported by military units from their parent countries of great britain and france , as well as native american allies .
since about the year 2000 , a growing number of internet pharmacies have been established worldwide .
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits .
visitors arrived by steamboat and later by railroad .
in 1529 , warsaw for the first time became the seat of the general sejm , permanent from 1569. in 1573 the city gave its name to the warsaw confederation , formally establishing religious freedom in the polish–lithuanian commonwealth .
it upholds the concept of the " visible and invisible church , " meaning that all who are truly believers in every age belong to the holy church invisible , while the united methodist church is a branch of the church visible , to which all believers must be connected as it is the only institution wherein the word of god is preached and the sacraments are administered .
his national islamic front first gained influence when strongman general gaafar al-nimeiry invited members to serve in his government in 1979. turabi built a powerful economic base with money from foreign islamist banking systems , especially those linked with saudi arabia .
warsaw was occupied by germany from 4 august 1915 until november 1918. the allied armistice terms required in article 12 that germany withdraw from areas controlled by russia in 1914 , which included warsaw .
revolutionary civil disobedience is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ( or to change cultural traditions , social customs , religious beliefs , etc ... revolution does n't have to be political , i.e .
some tumor cells also release products that inhibit the immune response ; for example by secreting the cytokine tgf-β , which suppresses the activity of macrophages and lymphocytes .
in ireland , private schools ( irish : scoil phríobháideach ) are unusual because a certain number of teacher 's salaries are paid by the state .
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates .
eisner left abc in 1976 to become president of paramount pictures ( and would later become the president of abc 's eventual parent company , disney ) .
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union .
for example , large numbers of human vγ9/vδ2 t cells respond within hours to common molecules produced by microbes , and highly restricted vδ1+ t cells in epithelia respond to stressed epithelial cells .
for the conservatives , the main disappointment was the loss of edinburgh pentlands , the seat of former party leader david mcletchie , to the snp .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
he had to work at various electrical repair jobs and even as a ditch digger for $ 2 per day .
due to the erratic and ( outside of college football season ) highly inconsistent scheduling of sports programming on weekend afternoons since espn took over responsibilities for abc 's sports division in 2006 , abc carries the espn sports saturday block on saturday late afternoons ( featuring various espn-produced documentaries ) , and on sundays either encores of primetime reality series , cancelled series being burned off that had no room on the primetime schedule , occasional theatrical films which were acquired by the network in the early to mid-2000s that no longer have a primetime slot to air in or more recently , figure skating and gymnastics specials supplied by disson skating , when no sports telecasts are scheduled , usually airing between 4:00 and 6:00 p.m. eastern and pacific time .
oxygen is the third most abundant chemical element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium .
saudi arabia , trying to recover market share , increased production , pushing prices down , shrinking or eliminating profits for high-cost producers .
according to the same statistics , the average age of people living in newcastle is 37.8 ( the national average being 38.6 ) .
when corliss was given the rumford medal the committee said that " no one invention since watt 's time has so enhanced the efficiency of the steam engine " .
while sophisticated mathematical descriptions are needed to predict , in full detail , the accurate result of such interactions , there is a conceptually simple way to describe such interactions through the use of feynman diagrams .
the very first fresno television station to begin broadcasting was kmj-tv , which debuted on june 1 , 1953. kmj is now known as nbc affiliate ksee .
in the early 1950s , student applications declined as a result of increasing crime and poverty in the hyde park neighborhood .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
she was born maria górska in warsaw to wealthy parents and in 1916 married a polish lawyer tadeusz łempicki .
davies ' successor , steven moffat , has continued the trend by reviving the silurians in series 5 , cybermats in series 6 , the great intelligence and the ice warriors in series 7 , and zygons in the 50th anniversary special .
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck .
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue .
there is also a growing number of new forms of procurement that involve relationship contracting where the emphasis is on a co-operative relationship between the principal and contractor and other stakeholders within a construction project .
the module was 11.42 feet ( 3.48 m ) tall , 12.83 feet ( 3.91 m ) in diameter , and weighed approximately 12,250 pounds ( 5,560 kg ) .
in the united kingdom , bbc radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will carry the contest .
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper .
the programme 's first serial , an unearthly child , shows that the doctor has a granddaughter , susan foreman .
the emperor presented the final draft of the edict of worms on 25 may 1521 , declaring luther an outlaw , banning his literature , and requiring his arrest : " we want him to be apprehended and punished as a notorious heretic . "
the united kingdom operations also changed the company name from british sky broadcasting limited to sky uk limited , still trading as sky .
an example of this is the pronunciation of certain words : " dead " , " cow " , " house " and " strong " are pronounced " deed " , " coo " , " hoos " and " strang " —which is how they were pronounced in the anglo-saxon language .
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) .
however , already in quantum mechanics there is one " caveat " , namely the particles acting onto each other do not only possess the spatial variable , but also a discrete intrinsic angular momentum-like variable called the " spin " , and there is the pauli principle relating the space and the spin variables .
by working alongside the authorities to restore public order , he signalled his reinvention as a conservative force within the reformation .
internet pharmacies ( also known as online pharmacies ) are also recommended to some patients by their physicians if they are homebound .
in between the french and the british , large areas were dominated by native tribes .
subsequently , californios ( dissatisfied with inequitable taxes and land laws ) and pro-slavery southerners in the lightly populated " cow counties " of southern california attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve a separate statehood or territorial status separate from northern california .
this constant has come to be known as newton 's universal gravitation constant , though its value was unknown in newton 's lifetime .
while the reliability of this mechanism has not yet been studied for all relevant crop species , recent results in tobacco plants are promising , showing a failed containment rate of transplastomic plants at 3 in 1,000,000 .
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776. britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820. by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world .
temüjin turned to toghrul for support , and in response , toghrul offered his vassal 20,000 of his keraite warriors and suggested that he also involve his childhood friend jamukha , who had himself become khan ( ruler ) of his own tribe , the jadaran .
his room had been entered and his papers had been scrutinized , but the thieves , or spies , left empty-handed .
crosscountry trains serve destinations in yorkshire , the midlands and the south west .
the university experienced its share of student unrest during the 1960s , beginning in 1962 , when students occupied president george beadle 's office in a protest over the university 's off-campus rental policies .
the city also has a radio lollipop station based at the great north children 's hospital in the newcastle royal victoria infirmary .
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball .
however , this was replaced by sky three on 31 october 2005 , which was itself later re-branded as 'pick tv ' in 2011 .
it won five bafta tv awards , including best drama series , the highest-profile and most prestigious british television award for which the series has ever been nominated .
livestock predominates in the semi-arid savanna to the north and east .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
the election produced a majority snp government , making this the first time in the scottish parliament where a party has commanded a parliamentary majority .
these normans began a long period of slow conquest during which almost all of wales was at some point subject to norman interference .
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland .
a major boost to the collections was the salting bequest made in 1909 , which enriched the museum 's stock of chinese and japanese ceramics .
as the industrial revolution took hold , the growth of mass production produced entrepreneurs such as josiah wedgwood , matthew boulton and eleanor coade .
nevertheless , a few other yuan emperors actively sponsored cultural activities ; an example is tugh temur ( emperor wenzong ) , who wrote poetry , painted , read chinese classical texts , and ordered the compilation of books .
the grainger market itself , was opened in 1835 and was newcastle 's first indoor market .
the primary companions of the ninth and tenth doctors were rose tyler ( billie piper ) , martha jones ( freema agyeman ) , and donna noble ( catherine tate ) with mickey smith ( noel clarke ) and jack harkness ( john barrowman ) recurring as secondary companion figures .
for the purposes of parliamentary sovereignty , the parliament of the united kingdom at westminster continues to constitute the supreme legislature of scotland .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
nevertheless , the format of the congress and many specifics of the plan became the prototype for confederation during the war of independence .
in education , teachers facilitate student learning , often in a school or academy or perhaps in another environment such as outdoors .
the african great lakes region , which kenya is a part of , has been inhabited by humans since the lower paleolithic period .
he fled north to shangdu from khanbaliq ( present-day beijing ) in 1368 after the approach of the forces of the míng dynasty ( 1368–1644 ) , founded by zhu yuanzhang in the south .
john dunn , inventor of keyed northumbrian smallpipes , the most characteristic musical instrument in the region , lived and worked in the city .
many rivers have been closed ( " dammed " ) and now serve as drainage channels for the numerous polders .
the rankine cycle is sometimes referred to as a practical carnot cycle because , when an efficient turbine is used , the ts diagram begins to resemble the carnot cycle .
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species .
even older rocks , such as the acasta gneiss of the slave craton in northwestern canada , the oldest known rock in the world have been metamorphosed to the point where their origin is undiscernable without laboratory analysis .
china has been causing environmental and social problems that include the recent suspension of the railway project .
he welcomed foreign visitors to his court , such as the venetian merchant marco polo , who wrote the most influential european account of yuan china .
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration .
the social charter was subsequently adopted in 1989 by 11 of the then 12 member states .
it has been hypothesized that he may have intercepted marconi 's european experiments in july 1899—marconi may have transmitted the letter s ( dot/dot/dot ) in a naval demonstration , the same three impulses that tesla hinted at hearing in colorado—or signals from another experimenter in wireless transmission .
some civil disobedience defendants choose to make a defiant speech , or a speech explaining their actions , in allocution .
the chloroplast peripheral reticulum consists of a maze of membranous tubes and vesicles continuous with the inner chloroplast membrane that extends into the internal stromal fluid of the chloroplast .
but snow is very rare in the southwest of the state , it occurs on the southeast of the state .
in the late 1920s , tesla also befriended george sylvester viereck , a poet , writer , mystic , and later , a nazi propagandist .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
the brotherhood has suffered periodic repression in egypt and has been banned several times , in 1948 and several years later following confrontations with egyptian president gamal abdul nasser , who jailed thousands of members for several years .
a deterministic turing machine is the most basic turing machine , which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions .
with his mathematical insight , sir isaac newton formulated laws of motion that were not improved-on for nearly three hundred years .
this triggered one of the largest gold rushes the world has ever seen .
andreas karlstadt , supported by the ex-augustinian gabriel zwilling , embarked on a radical programme of reform there in june 1521 , exceeding anything envisaged by luther .
the most common dinophyte chloroplast is the peridinin-type chloroplast , characterized by the carotenoid pigment peridinin in their chloroplasts , along with chlorophyll a and chlorophyll c2 .
geophysical data and well logs can be combined to produce a better view of the subsurface , and stratigraphers often use computer programs to do this in three dimensions .
hayri abaza argues the failure to distinguish between islam and islamism leads many in the west to support illiberal islamic regimes , to the detriment of progressive moderates who seek to separate religion from politics .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
after each election to the scottish parliament , at the beginning of each parliamentary session , parliament elects one msp to serve as presiding officer , the equivalent of the speaker ( currently tricia marwick ) , and two msps to serve as deputies ( currently elaine smith and john scott ) .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city .
these words were very meaningful for the polish citizens who understood them as the incentive for the democratic changes .
chinese physicians opposed western medicine because its humoral system contradicted the yin-yang and wuxing philosophy underlying traditional chinese medicine .
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923. during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa .
the term " imperialism " was originally introduced into english in its present sense in the late 1870s by opponents of the allegedly aggressive and ostentatious imperial policies of british prime minister benjamin disraeli .
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half .
two tourist railways operate over 760 mm ( 2 ft 6 in ) narrow gauge lines , which are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines which were built in mountainous areas .
at the same time , the available evidence provides little support for the view that u.s.-style labor-market flexibility dramatically improves labor-market outcomes .
a series of three small civil wars known as the huguenot rebellions broke out , mainly in southwestern france , between 1621 and 1629. revolted against royal authority .
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc .
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285. thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307. temür khan decided to maintain and continue much of the work begun by his grandfather .
the charter creating the harvard corporation was granted in 1650 .
steam engines can be said to have been the moving force behind the industrial revolution and saw widespread commercial use driving machinery in factories , mills and mines ; powering pumping stations ; and propelling transport appliances such as railway locomotives , ships , steamboats and road vehicles .
these teachers do not teach by rote but attempt to find new invigoration for the course materials on a daily basis .
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area .
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section .
according to johnson , smeeding , and tory , consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986. the debate is summarized in " the hidden prosperity of the poor " by journalist thomas b. edsall .
the pseudo-sciences of social darwinism and theories of race formed an ideological underpinning during this time .
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill .
in 2005 , the series came first in a survey by sfx magazine of " the greatest uk science fiction and fantasy television series ever " .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries .
on september 30 , 1960 , abc premiered the flintstones , another example of counterprogramming ; although the animated series from william hanna and joseph barbera was filmed in color from the beginning , it was initially broadcast in black-and-white , as abc had not made the necessary technical upgrades to broadcast its programming in color at the time .
they differ from glaucophyte and red algal chloroplasts in that they have lost their phycobilisomes , and contain chlorophyll b instead .
it was conducted from 28 january to 25 may 1521 , with emperor charles v presiding .
elders are called by god , affirmed by the church , and ordained by a bishop to a ministry of word , sacrament , order and service within the church .
many words , however , appear to be used exclusively in newcastle and the surrounding area , such as " canny " ( a versatile word meaning " good " , " nice " or " very " ) , " hacky " ( " dirty " ) , " netty " ( " toilet " ) , " hoy " ( " throw " , from the dutch gooien , via west frisian ) , " hockle " ( " spit " ) .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
at about 180 mbp , in the jurassic period , the two plates reversed direction and began to compress the tethys floor , causing it to be subducted under eurasia and pushing up the edge of the latter plate in the alpine orogeny of the oligocene and miocene periods .
the abc broadcasts the modern series first run on abc1 , with repeats on abc2 .
photosystem ii and photosystem i contain light-harvesting complexes with chlorophyll and carotenoids that absorb light energy and use it to energize electrons .
glazing was placed over the historic arches and the victorian architecture was enhanced ; transforming the 19th century public portico .
tesla thought the plane would sell for less than $ 1,000 .
while this effect is manifested macroscopically as a structural force , it is technically only the result of the existence of a finite set of electron states .
the graph isomorphism problem is the computational problem of determining whether two finite graphs are isomorphic .
research by harvard economist robert barro , found that there is " little overall relation between income inequality and rates of growth and investment " .
sophomore , junior , and senior undergraduates live in twelve residential houses , nine of which are south of harvard yard along or near the charles river .
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 .
when the committee for non-violent action sponsored a protest in august 1957 , at the camp mercury nuclear test site near las vegas , nevada , 13 of the protesters attempted to enter the test site knowing that they faced arrest .
for luther , reason could be used to question men and institutions , but not god .
to partially remedy the wealth gap and the resulting slow growth , s & p recommended increasing access to education .
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram .
[ not in citation given ] the regional nickname and dialect for people from newcastle and the surrounding area is geordie .
thus , in an aristotelian universe , the falling cannonball would land behind the foot of the mast of a moving ship .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
the abc logo has evolved many times since the network 's creation in 1943. the network 's first logo , introduced in 1946 , consisted of a television screen containing the letters " t " and " v " , with a vertical abc microphone in the center , referencing the network 's roots in radio .
a cylindrical service module ( sm ) supported the command module , with a service propulsion engine and an rcs with propellants , and a fuel cell power generation system with liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen reactants .
his father was furious over what he saw as a waste of luther 's education .
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 142 pounds ( 64 kg ) , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926.:292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities .
the mongol empire was governed by a civilian and military code , called the yassa , created by genghis khan .
it is here that the rhine encounters some more of its main tributaries , such as the neckar , the main and , later , the moselle , which contributes an average discharge of more than 300 m3/s ( 11,000 cu ft/s ) .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
some authors combined ctenophores and cnidarians in one phylum , coelenterata , as both groups rely on water flow through the body cavity for both digestion and respiration .
one of the first significant gifts of costume came in 1913 when the v & a received the talbot hughes collection containing 1,442 costumes and items as a gift from harrods following its display at the nearby department store .
finally , the 1996 television film premièred on 12 may 1996 on citv in edmonton , canada , 15 days before the bbc one showing , and two days before it aired on fox in the united states .
the engineers at marshall space flight center ( msfc ) took longer to become convinced of its merits , but their conversion was announced by wernher von braun at a briefing in june 1962 .
luther was the most widely read author of his generation , and within germany he acquired the status of a prophet .
epoxides are ethers in which the oxygen atom is part of a ring of three atoms .
in 1516 , johann tetzel , a dominican friar and papal commissioner for indulgences , was sent to germany by the roman catholic church to sell indulgences to raise money to rebuild st. peter 's basilica in rome .
conservative mp alec shelbrooke was proposing the payments of benefits and tax credits on a " welfare cash card " , in the style of the supplemental nutrition assistance program , that could be used to buy only " essentials " .
in 2009 , doctor who was voted the 3rd greatest show of the 2000s by channel 4 , behind top gear and the apprentice .
the three sources of european union law are primary law , secondary law and supplementary law .
a major boost to the collections was the salting bequest made in 1909 , which enriched the museum 's stock of chinese and japanese ceramics .
the institution asserts that such expansion will benefit not only the school , but surrounding community , pointing to such features as the enhanced transit infrastructure , possible shuttles open to the public , and park space which will also be publicly accessible .
in the 16th century , the beginning of the historical era , the region was inhabited by the mocama , a coastal subgroup of the timucua people .
following the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event , the extinction of the dinosaurs and the wetter climate may have allowed the tropical rainforest to spread out across the continent .
the special was one of several special 3d programmes the bbc produced at the time , using a 3d system that made use of the pulfrich effect requiring glasses with one darkened lens ; the picture would look normal to those viewers who watched without the glasses .
civil disobedience is one of the many ways people have rebelled against what they deem to be unfair laws .
despite their soft , gelatinous bodies , fossils thought to represent ctenophores , apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms , have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early cambrian , about 515 million years ago .
the original theme was composed by ron grainer and realised by delia derbyshire of the bbc radiophonic workshop , with assistance from dick mills .
this process of acquired immunity is the basis of vaccination .
scientists have described between 96,660 and 128,843 invertebrate species in brazil alone .
the city developed around the roman settlement pons aelius and was named after the castle built in 1080 by robert curthose , william the conqueror 's eldest son .
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g .
under the norman abbot robert de grantmesnil , several monks of saint-evroul fled to southern italy , where they were patronised by robert guiscard and established a latin monastery at sant'eufemia .
it is led by an executive committee , chaired by a president with the assistance of two vice presidents , one for administration and the other for student life , elected together as a slate by the student body each spring .
tesla advised adams that a two-phased system would be the most reliable and that there was a westinghouse system to light incandescent bulbs using two-phase alternating current .
by 1900 the population had fallen to 1 million and by the early 1980s it was less than 200,000 .
as luther later noted , " the pope had a finger in the pie as well , because one half was to go to the building of st peter 's church in rome " .
such problems are called np-intermediate problems .
due to its electronegativity , oxygen forms chemical bonds with almost all other elements to give corresponding oxides .
during the period in which the negotiations were being conducted , tesla said that efforts had been made to steal the invention .
sudbury model democratic schools claim that popularly based authority can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike .
due to jacksonville 's low latitude and coastal location , the city sees very little cold weather , and winters are typically mild and sunny .
he called it packet switching , a more accessible name than baran 's , and proposed to build a nationwide network in the uk .
tea , coffee , sisal , pyrethrum , corn , and wheat are grown in the fertile highlands , one of the most successful agricultural production regions in africa .
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population .
cyanobacteria are considered the ancestors of chloroplasts .
in his theses and disputations against the antinomians , luther reviews and reaffirms , on the one hand , what has been called the " second use of the law , " that is , the law as the holy spirit 's tool to work sorrow over sin in man 's heart , thus preparing him for christ 's fulfillment of the law offered in the gospel .
citizenship of the eu has increasingly been seen as a " fundamental " status of member state nationals by the court of justice , and has accordingly increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move .
since the ipcc does not carry out its own research , it operates on the basis of scientific papers and independently documented results from other scientific bodies , and its schedule for producing reports requires a deadline for submissions prior to the report 's final release .
in may 1960 , abc purchased chicago radio station wls , which had shared airtime with wenr since the 1920s .
thomas newcomen 's atmospheric engine was the first commercial true steam engine using a piston , and was used in 1712 for pumping in a mine .
based on genetic evidence derived from black death victims in the east smithfield burial site in england , schuenemann et al .
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates .
some huguenot families have kept alive various traditions , such as the celebration and feast of their patron saint nicolas , similar to the dutch sint nicolaas ( sinterklaas ) feast .
honorary freemen include bob geldof , king harald v of norway , bobby robson , alan shearer , the late nelson mandela and the royal shakespeare company .
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
public schools , also known as state or government schools , are funded and run directly by the victoria department of education .
bskyb initially charged additional subscription fees for using a sky+ pvr with their service ; waiving the charge for subscribers whose package included two or more premium channels .
the first commercially available audiobook was an abridged reading of the fourth doctor story state of decay in 1981. in 1988 , during a hiatus in the television show , slipback , the first radio drama , was transmitted .
the logo is displayed on-air , online and in print advertising in four variants shading the respective color used with the circle design 's native black coloring : a gold version is primarily used on entertainment-oriented outlets ( such as abc.com , watch abc , and by abc studios ) and the on-screen bug ; steel blue and dark grey versions are used primarily by abc news ; a red version is used for espn on abc , while all four variants are used selectively in advertising and by affiliates .
the secondary level includes schools offering years 7 through 12 ( year twelve is known as lower sixth ) and year 13 ( upper sixth ) .
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church .
according to the good schools guide approximately 9 per cent of children being educated in the uk are doing so at fee-paying schools at gsce level and 13 per cent at a-level .
stan lebar , who led the team that designed and built the lunar television camera at westinghouse electric corporation , also worked with nafzger to try to locate the missing tapes .
however , in the early 11th century the dukes began a programme of church reform , encouraging the cluniac reform of monasteries and patronising intellectual pursuits , especially the proliferation of scriptoria and the reconstitution of a compilation of lost illuminated manuscripts .
maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party in 1941 and remained its leader until 1972. however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising .
josel asked the city of strasbourg to forbid the sale of luther 's anti-jewish works : they refused initially , but did so when a lutheran pastor in hochfelden used a sermon to urge his parishioners to murder jews .
the apollo extension series ( apollo x , ) proposed up to 30 flights to earth orbit , using the space in the spacecraft lunar module adapter ( sla ) to house a small orbital laboratory ( workshop ) .
the bbc was given the highlights of most of the matches , while bskyb paying £304m for the premier league rights , would give them a monopoly of all live matches , up to 60 per year from the 1992 season .
the first commercial steam-powered device was a water pump , developed in 1698 by thomas savery .
the dialect of newcastle is known as geordie , and contains a large amount of vocabulary and distinctive word pronunciations not used in other parts of the united kingdom .
tesla made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-world war i environment in a printed article , " science and discovery are the great forces which will lead to the consummation of the war " ( 20 december 1914 ) .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto .
mongolians maintain that the historical records written by non-mongolians are unfairly biased against genghis khan and that his butchery is exaggerated , while his positive role is underrated .
the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the middle east , across all sectors , job types and levels of experience , is £42,090 , compared to £26,719 in the uk .
under the deal , the president would appoint cabinet ministers from both pnu and odm camps depending on each party 's strength in parliament .
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii .
kenya ranks low on transparency international 's corruption perception index ( cpi ) , a metric which attempts to gauge the prevalence of public sector corruption in various countries .
eastern crops such as carrots , turnips , new varieties of lemons , eggplants , and melons , high-quality granulated sugar , and cotton were all either introduced or successfully popularized during the yuan dynasty .
this building was vacated twice to allow for the meeting of the church 's general assembly .
though the majority of art works on display date from the ming and qing dynasties , there are exquisite examples of objects dating from the tang dynasty and earlier periods .
in commission v austria the court held that austria was not entitled to restrict places in austrian universities to austrian students to avoid " structural , staffing and financial problems " if ( mainly german ) foreign students applied for places because there was little evidence of an actual problem .
early in 1537 , johannes agricola ( 1494–1566 ) – serving at the time as pastor in luther 's birthplace , eisleben – preached a sermon in which he claimed that god 's gospel , not god 's moral law ( the ten commandments ) , revealed god 's wrath to christians .
in 1996 , a more conservative and anti-democratic islamist movement known as the taliban rose to power , defeated most of the warlords and took over roughly 80 % of afghanistan .
a number of huguenots served as mayors in dublin , cork , youghal and waterford in the 17th and 18th centuries .
huguenot numbers peaked near an estimated two million by 1562 , concentrated mainly in the southern and central parts of france , about one-eighth the number of french catholics .
the issues of conflicting territorial claims between british and french colonies in north america were turned over to a commission to resolve , but it reached no decision .
the state 's lowest minimum temperature of −11.7 °c ( 10.9 °f ) was recorded at omeo on 13 june 1965 , and again at falls creek on 3 july 1970. temperature extremes for the state are listed in the table below :
he finished a four-year term in three years , graduating in 1873.:33
the population of pons aelius at this period was estimated at 2,000. fragments of hadrian 's wall are still visible in parts of newcastle , particularly along the west road .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars .
this debate has proved difficult to resolve because the practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean that data sampling is biased away from the center of the amazon basin , and both explanations are reasonably well supported by the available data .
after the statement has been delivered , the leaders of the opposition parties and other msps question the first minister on issues related to the substance of the statement .
the deal brought kibaki 's pnu and odinga 's odm together and heralded the formation of the grand coalition , in which the two political parties would share power equally .
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " .
one of the claimants of the english throne opposing william the conqueror , edgar atheling , eventually fled to scotland .
the collection has numerous examples of various types of textiles designed by william morris , including , embroidery , woven fabrics , tapestries ( including 'the forest ' tapestry of 1887 ) , rugs and carpets , as well as pattern books and paper designs .
there is good evidence that re-introduction of probiotic flora , such as pure cultures of the lactobacilli normally found in unpasteurized yogurt , helps restore a healthy balance of microbial populations in intestinal infections in children and encouraging preliminary data in studies on bacterial gastroenteritis , inflammatory bowel diseases , urinary tract infection and post-surgical infections .
it is also active in the world methodist council , an interdenominational group composed of various churches in the tradition of john wesley to promote the gospel throughout the world .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
it is also known as the plastome .
possible missions included ferrying crews to a space station , circumlunar flights , and eventual manned lunar landings .
a growing cause of concern are that attacks on teachers in welsh schools which reached an all-time high between 2005 and 2010 .
british victories continued in all theaters in the annus mirabilis of 1759 , when they finally captured ticonderoga , james wolfe defeated montcalm at quebec ( in a battle that claimed the lives of both commanders ) , and victory at fort niagara successfully cut off the french frontier forts further to the west and south .
22,000–14,000 yr bp , when ice-sheets covered scandinavia , the baltics , scotland and the alps , but left the space between as open tundra .
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe .
high tuition , schools claim , is used to pay higher salaries for the best teachers and also used to provide enriched learning environments , including a low student to teacher ratio , small class sizes and services , such as libraries , science laboratories and computers .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
these include the miller–rabin primality test , which is fast but has a small probability of error , and the aks primality test , which always produces the correct answer in polynomial time but is too slow to be practical .
additionally , steeper tax progressivity applied to social spending can result in a more equal distribution of income across the board .
kenya ranks low on transparency international 's corruption perception index ( cpi ) , a metric which attempts to gauge the prevalence of public sector corruption in various countries .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration .
the non-deterministic turing machine has very little to do with how we physically want to compute algorithms , but its branching exactly captures many of the mathematical models we want to analyze , so that non-deterministic time is a very important resource in analyzing computational problems .
the latin translation de materia medica ( concerning medical substances ) was used a basis for many medieval texts , and was built upon by many middle eastern scientists during the islamic golden age .
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) .
transform boundaries , such as the san andreas fault system , resulted in widespread powerful earthquakes .
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us .
common cytokines include interleukins that are responsible for communication between white blood cells ; chemokines that promote chemotaxis ; and interferons that have anti-viral effects , such as shutting down protein synthesis in the host cell .
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " .
rapid warming and changes of vegetation , to open forest , began about 13,000 bp .
in the secret history of the mongols , just before the invasion of the khwarezmid empire by genghis khan , chagatai declared before his father and brothers that he would never accept jochi as genghis khan 's successor .
he received a bachelor 's degree in biblical studies on 9 march 1508 , and another bachelor 's degree in the sentences by peter lombard in 1509 .
the concept of duty was first introduced by watt in order to illustrate how much more efficient his engines were over the earlier newcomen designs .
from the same period there is a rug designed by serge chermayeff .
about 61.1 % of victorians describe themselves as christian .
he noted that candles burned brighter in the gas and that a mouse was more active and lived longer while breathing it .
in against the murderous , thieving hordes of peasants , written on his return to wittenberg , he gave his interpretation of the gospel teaching on wealth , condemned the violence as the devil 's work , and called for the nobles to put down the rebels like mad dogs :
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 .
while the mercury capsule could only support one astronaut on a limited earth orbital mission , apollo would carry three astronauts .
the historical measure of a steam engine 's energy efficiency was its " duty " .
in some states such north carolina and new mexico these pharmacist clinicians are given collaborative prescriptive and diagnostic authority .
korean economist hoesung lee is the chair of the ipcc since october 8 , 2015 , following the election of the new ipcc bureau .
many of these pharmacies are similar to community pharmacies , and in fact , many of them are actually operated by brick-and-mortar community pharmacies that serve consumers online and those that walk in their door .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlviii halftime show , and mark ronson also performed .
in " the name of the doctor " , the eleventh doctor meets an unknown incarnation of himself , whom he refers to as " his secret " and who is subsequently revealed to be the war doctor .
following the merger of harvard and radcliffe admissions in 1977 , the proportion of female undergraduates steadily increased , mirroring a trend throughout higher education in the united states .
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971. as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973. the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over and continued to play the character until doctor who 's hiatus in 1989. the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
in 1354 , when toghtogha led a large army to crush the red turban rebels , toghun temür suddenly dismissed him for fear of betrayal .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
it estimated that if the average united states worker had completed just one more year of school , it would add an additional $ 105 billion in growth to the country 's economy over five years .
it stands on the vistula river in east-central poland , roughly 260 kilometres ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea and 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains .
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram .
francovich , the former employee of a bankrupt venetian firm , was therefore allowed to claim 6 million lira from the italian government in damages for his loss .
adults of various species range from a few millimeters to 1.5 m ( 4 ft 11 in ) in size .
ranging from about 1 millimeter ( 0.039 in ) to 1.5 meters ( 4.9 ft ) in size , ctenophores are the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia ( " hairs " ) as their main method of locomotion .
another means of supplying lower-pressure boiler feed water is an injector , which uses a steam jet usually supplied from the boiler .
many important complexity classes can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm .
these stages were called expansions , with double and triple expansion engines being common , especially in shipping where efficiency was important to reduce the weight of coal carried .
the majority of the forest is contained within brazil , with 60 % of the rainforest , followed by peru with 13 % , colombia with 10 % , and with minor amounts in venezuela , ecuador , bolivia , guyana , suriname and french guiana .
an element p of r is called prime element if it is neither zero nor a unit ( i.e. , does not have a multiplicative inverse ) and satisfies the following requirement : given x and y in r such that p divides the product xy , then p divides x or y. an element is irreducible if it is not a unit and can not be written as a product of two ring elements that are not units .
tesla advised adams that a two-phased system would be the most reliable and that there was a westinghouse system to light incandescent bulbs using two-phase alternating current .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
some of the best rally drivers in the world have taken part in and won the rally , such as björn waldegård , hannu mikkola , tommi mäkinen , shekhar mehta , carlos sainz and colin mcrae .
tesla made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-world war i environment in a printed article , " science and discovery are the great forces which will lead to the consummation of the war " ( 20 december 1914 ) .
inherited wealth may help explain why many americans who have become rich may have had a " substantial head start " .
premiering the day after the assassination of john f. kennedy , the first episode of doctor who was repeated with the second episode the following week .
civil disobedients have chosen a variety of different illegal acts .
this was followed by five launches of boilerplate csms ( designated as-101 through as-105 ) into orbit in 1964 and 1965. the last three of these further supported the apollo program by also carrying pegasus satellites , which verified the safety of the translunar environment by measuring the frequency and severity of micrometeorite impacts .
the rhine roughly forms the german-swiss border from lake constance with the exceptions of the canton of schaffhausen and parts of the cantons of zürich and basel-stadt , until it turns north at the so-called rhine knee at basel , leaving switzerland .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
he made clear distinction between sodium carbonate and potassium carbonate , and drew attention to the poisonous nature of copper compounds , especially copper vitriol , and also lead compounds .
duisburg is the home of europe 's largest inland port and functions as a hub to the sea ports of rotterdam , antwerp and amsterdam .
sometimes the prosecution proposes a plea bargain to civil disobedients , as in the case of the camden 28 , in which the defendants were offered an opportunity to plead guilty to one misdemeanor count and receive no jail time .
while islamist political culture itself may not be democratic , islamists need democratic elections to maintain their legitimacy .
this pattern of higher incomes-longer lives still holds among poorer countries , where life expectancy increases rapidly as per capita income increases , but in recent decades it has slowed down among middle income countries and plateaued among the richest thirty or so countries in the world .
construction starts with planning , [ citation needed ] design , and financing and continues until the project is built and ready for use .
from december 1539 , luther became implicated in the bigamy of philip i , landgrave of hesse , who wanted to marry one of his wife 's ladies-in-waiting .
clearly , some tumors evade the immune system and go on to become cancers .
therefore , according to the book of discipline , united methodist theology is at once " catholic , evangelical , and reformed . "
for example , a significant number of students all over wales are educated either wholly or largely through the medium of welsh : in 2008/09 , 22 per cent of classes in maintained primary schools used welsh as the sole or main medium of instruction .
in anglophone academic works , theories regarding imperialism are often based on the british experience .
the early united states expressed its opposition to imperialism , at least in a form distinct from its own manifest destiny , through policies such as the monroe doctrine .
on may 1 , 1953 , abc 's new york city flagship stations – wjz , wjz-fm and wjz-tv – changed their respective callsigns to wabc , wabc-fm and wabc-tv , and moved their operations to facilities at 7 west 66th street , one block away from central park .
in 2014 , scientists with public health england announced the results of an examination of 25 bodies exhumed from the clerkenwell area of london , as well as of wills registered in london during the period , which supported the pneumonic hypothesis .
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto .
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion .
the descendants of rollo 's vikings and their frankish wives would replace the norse religion and old norse language with catholicism ( christianity ) and the gallo-romance language of the local people , blending their maternal frankish heritage with old norse traditions and customs to synthesize a unique " norman " culture in the north of france .
as a response , shirley left garrisons at oswego , fort bull , and fort williams ( the latter two located on the oneida carry between the mohawk river and wood creek at present-day rome , new york ) .
it was not until robert koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a nobel prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease .
teachers have the option to teach for a public school which is funded by the provincial government or teaching in a private school which is funded by the private sector , businesses and sponsors .
according to tesla , edison remarked , " there 's fifty thousand dollars in it for you—if you can do it .
many of the series featured during the run of the block were produced by miller-boyett productions , a warner bros.-based studio that briefly programmed the entire friday lineup during the 1990–91 season ( with going places joining family matters , full house and perfect strangers on the " tgif " schedule ) and through its development deal with paramount television prior to 1986 ( as miller-milkis , and later , miller-milkis-boyett productions ) , had earlier produced happy days and its various spinoffs among other series for the network .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
in fall 2010 , the university of chicago also opened a center in beijing , near renmin university 's campus in haidian district .
the name oxygen was coined in 1777 by antoine lavoisier , whose experiments with oxygen helped to discredit the then-popular phlogiston theory of combustion and corrosion .
the mongol army quickly seized the town of otrar , relying on superior strategy and tactics .
over the six years studied , the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by ipcc 's 2001 projection , and the actual sea level rise was above the top of the range of the ipcc projection .
however , more recent testing of this theory with superior panel data has shown it to be very weak .
currently detention is one of the most common punishments in schools in the united states , the uk , ireland , singapore and other countries .
it is here that the rhine encounters some more of its main tributaries , such as the neckar , the main and , later , the moselle , which contributes an average discharge of more than 300 m3/s ( 11,000 cu ft/s ) .
these insects spend most of their lives as grubs underground .
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period .
the concept environmental determinism served as a moral justification for domination of certain territories and peoples .
the image at the right illustrates that 12 is not prime : 12 = 3 · 4. no even number greater than 2 is prime because by definition , any such number n has at least three distinct divisors , namely 1 , 2 , and n. this implies that n is not prime .
in the fall of 1937 , after midnight one night , tesla left the hotel new yorker to make his regular commute to the cathedral and the library to feed the pigeons .
tesla 's mother , đuka tesla ( née mandić ) , whose father was also an orthodox priest , :10 had a talent for making home craft tools , mechanical appliances , and the ability to memorize serbian epic poems .
the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience took place during the roman empire [ citation needed ] .
luther argued that the jews were no longer the chosen people but " the devil 's people " , and referred to them with violent , vile language .
an architect normally manages the job , and a construction manager , design engineer , construction engineer or project manager supervises it .
earlier papers studying problems solvable by turing machines with specific bounded resources include john myhill 's definition of linear bounded automata ( myhill 1960 ) , raymond smullyan 's study of rudimentary sets ( 1961 ) , as well as hisao yamada 's paper on real-time computations ( 1962 ) .
after his father 's death in 1879 , tesla found a package of letters from his professors to his father , warning that unless he were removed from the school , tesla would be killed through overwork .
teaching certification generally lasts three years , but teachers can receive certificates that last as long as ten years .
computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty , and relating those classes to each other .
the stepwise mitigation of the ozone layer challenge was based as well on successfully reducing regional burden sharing conflicts .
in 2005 , parts of the amazon basin experienced the worst drought in one hundred years , and there were indications that 2006 could have been a second successive year of drought .
in a progressive tax system , the level of the top tax rate will often have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society , either increasing it or decreasing it , provided that income does not change as a result of the change in tax regime .
a 2012 article placed this childhood juxtaposition of fear and thrill " at the center of many people 's relationship with the show " , and a 2011 online vote at digital spy deemed the series the " scariest tv show of all time " .
here the high rhine ends .
between them , they settled on a 60-cycle ac current system tesla proposed ( to match the working frequency of tesla 's motor ) , although they soon found that , since tesla 's induction motor could only run at a constant speed , it would not work for street cars .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
undergraduate students are required to take a distribution of courses to satisfy the university 's core curriculum known as the common core .
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates .
in 1983 , abc sold kxyz to the infinity broadcasting corporation .
also , the block ii spacesuit was revised for the extended missions to allow greater flexibility and visibility for driving the lrv .
one result of this was a campaign of attacks on government officials and tourists in egypt , a bloody civil war in algeria and osama bin laden 's terror attacks climaxing in the 9/11 attack .
the acme of the horizontal engine was the corliss steam engine , patented in 1849 , which was a four-valve counter flow engine with separate steam admission and exhaust valves and automatic variable steam cutoff .
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma .
luther and his colleagues introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the electorate of saxony , which began in 1527. they also assessed the standard of pastoral care and christian education in the territory .
if member states place considerable obstacles on the use of a product , this can also infringe article 34. so , in a 2009 case , commission v italy , the court of justice held that an italian law prohibiting motorcycles or mopeds pulling trailers infringed article 34. again , the law applied neutrally to everyone , but disproportionately affected importers , because italian companies did not make trailers .
excellent job opportunities are expected as retirements , especially among secondary school teachers , outweigh slowing enrollment growth ; opportunities will vary by geographic area and subject taught .
under the deal , the president would appoint cabinet ministers from both pnu and odm camps depending on each party 's strength in parliament .
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves .
oxygen is the oxidant , not the fuel , but nevertheless the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
they retained the religious provisions of the edict of nantes until the rule of louis xiv , who progressively increased persecution of them until he issued the edict of fontainebleau ( 1685 ) , which abolished all legal recognition of protestantism in france , and forced the huguenots to convert .
other symbols are common in different countries : the green greek cross in france , argentina , the united kingdom , belgium , ireland , italy , spain , and india , the increasingly rare gaper in the netherlands , and a red stylized letter a in germany and austria ( from apotheke , the german word for pharmacy , from the same greek root as the english word 'apothecary ' ) .
the first british empire was based on mercantilism , and involved colonies and holdings primarily in north america , the caribbean , and india .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
after 1971 , opec was slow to readjust prices to reflect this depreciation .
before rollo 's arrival , its populations did not differ from picardy or the île-de-france , which were considered " frankish " .
the soundtrack for series 5 was released on 8 november 2010. in february 2011 , a soundtrack was released for the 2010 christmas special : " a christmas carol " , and in december 2011 the soundtrack for series 6 was released , both by silva screen records .
before world war i , tesla sought overseas investors .
the central highlands were already home to over a million members of the kikuyu people , most of whom had no land claims in european terms and lived as itinerant farmers .
at the east end of the park , the tomb of the unknown soldier is situated .
an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech , and he died shortly afterwards at 2:45 a.m. on 18 february 1546 , aged 62 , in eisleben , the city of his birth .
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup .
misconduct by teachers , especially sexual misconduct , has been getting increased scrutiny from the media and the courts .
the united methodist church is organized into conferences .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
the three sources of european union law are primary law , secondary law and supplementary law .
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g .
despite an almost 500 % increase in advertising revenues between 1953 and 1958 , the network only had a national reach of between 10 % and 18 % of the total u.s. population , as it still had relatively fewer affiliates than nbc and cbs .
in past times , corporal punishment ( spanking or paddling or caning or strapping or birching the student in order to cause physical pain ) was one of the most common forms of school discipline throughout much of the world .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
tourists , the largest number being from germany and the united kingdom , are attracted mainly to the coastal beaches and the game reserves , notably , the expansive east and west tsavo national park 20,808 square kilometres ( 8,034 sq mi ) in the southeast .
in the same year , he patented the tesla coil .
louise de coligny , daughter of the murdered huguenot leader gaspard de coligny , married william the silent , leader of the dutch ( calvinist ) revolt against spanish ( catholic ) rule .
paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms to determine what the climate was like millions of years ago ( see oxygen isotope ratio cycle ) .
legislative power in warsaw is vested in a unicameral warsaw city council ( rada miasta ) , which comprises 60 members .
also developed by troika , the on-air design was intended to emphasize the availability of abc content across multiple platforms ( in particular , using a system of icons representing different devices , such as television , computers and mobile devices ) , and " simplify and bring a lot more consistency and continuity to the visual representation of abc " .
apollo ran from 1961 to 1972 , and was supported by the two-man gemini program which ran concurrently with it from 1962 to 1966. gemini missions developed some of the space travel techniques that were necessary for the success of the apollo missions .
occasionally , regular-series episodes will exceed the 45-minute run time ; notably , the episodes " journey 's end " from 2008 and " the eleventh hour " from 2010 exceeded an hour in length .
the cjeu 's duty is to " ensure that in the interpretation and application of the treaties the law is observed " , although realistically it has the ability to expand and develop the law according to the principles it deems to be appropriate .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
agriculture is the second largest contributor to kenya 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) , after the service sector .
a third in 2009 featured a crossover appearance from the main show by david tennant as the tenth doctor .
this takes two forms , orientalism and tropicality .
according to the kenya national bureau of statistics , in 2011 there were 65,000 qualified nurses registered in the country ; 8,600 clinical officers and 7,000 doctors for the population of 43 million people ( these figures from official registers include those who have died or left the profession hence the actual number of these workers may be lower ) .
luther taught that salvation and subsequently eternal life is not earned by good deeds but is received only as a free gift of god 's grace through faith in jesus christ as redeemer from sin .
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession .
in england , in the absence of census figures , historians propose a range of preincident population figures from as high as 7 million to as low as 4 million in 1300 , and a postincident population figure as low as 2 million .
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) .
this and other experiments on combustion were documented in his book sur la combustion en général , which was published in 1777. in that work , he proved that air is a mixture of two gases ; 'vital air ' , which is essential to combustion and respiration , and azote ( gk .
steam turbines are generally more efficient than reciprocating piston type steam engines ( for outputs above several hundred horsepower ) , have fewer moving parts , and provide rotary power directly instead of through a connecting rod system or similar means .
the fully informed jury association 's publication " a primer for prospective jurors " notes , " think of the dilemma faced by german citizens when hitler 's secret police demanded to know if they were hiding a jew in their house . "
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
the term imperialism has been applied to western ( and japanese ) political and economic dominance especially in asia and africa in the 19th and 20th centuries .
euclid 's elements ( circa 300 bc ) contain important theorems about primes , including the infinitude of primes and the fundamental theorem of arithmetic .
normandy was the site of several important developments in the history of classical music in the 11th century .
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida .
however , most of hearst television 's 16 abc-affiliated stations transmit the network 's programming in 1080i hd , while 11 other affiliates owned by various companies carry the network feed in 480i standard definition either due to technical considerations for affiliates of other major networks that carry abc programming on a digital subchannel or because a primary feed abc affiliate has not yet upgraded their transmission equipment to allow content to be presented in hd .
doctor who originally ran for 26 seasons on bbc one , from 23 november 1963 until 6 december 1989. during the original run , each weekly episode formed part of a story ( or " serial " ) — usually of four to six parts in earlier years and three to four in later years .
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits .
the static friction increases or decreases in response to the applied force up to an upper limit determined by the characteristics of the contact between the surface and the object .
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) .
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen .
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants .
luther 's hymn , adapted and expanded from an earlier german creedal hymn , gained widespread use in vernacular lutheran liturgies as early as 1525. sixteenth-century lutheran hymnals also included " wir glauben all " among the catechetical hymns , although 18th-century hymnals tended to label the hymn as trinitarian rather than catechetical , and 20th-century lutherans rarely use the hymn because of the perceived difficulty of its tune .
one of the largest items is the hereford screen , weighing nearly 8 tonnes , 10.5 metres high and 11 metres wide , designed by sir george gilbert scott in 1862 for the chancel in hereford cathedral , from which it was removed in 1967. it was made by skidmore & company .
fresno has three large public parks , two in the city limits and one in county land to the southwest .
in 1999 , the times added a newer county—imperial—to that list .
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states .
such exemplary saints include martyrs , confessors of the faith , evangelists , or important biblical figures such as saint matthew , lutheran theologian and martyr to the nazis dietrich bonhoeffer , salvation army founder william booth , african missionary david livingstone and methodism 's revered founder john wesley are among many cited as protestant saints .
in 1746 , johnson was made a colonel of the iroquois .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
however , mullett suggests that given his nature , " we are free to believe that luther would tend to select the more dramatic form of words . "
in october 2015 , credit suisse published a study which shows global inequality continues to increase , and that half of the world 's wealth is now in the hands of those in the top percentile , whose assets each exceed $ 759,900 .
with over 600,000 drawings , over 750,000 papers and paraphernalia , and over 700,000 photographs from around the world , together they form the world 's most comprehensive architectural resource .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
as with much of florida , tourism is also important to the jacksonville area , particularly tourism related to golf .
for the third straight season , the number one seeds from both conferences met in the super bowl .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman .
currently , new jersey , rhode island and delaware are the only u.s. states where abc does not have a locally licensed affiliate ( new jersey is served by new york city o & o wabc-tv and philadelphia o & o wpvi-tv ; rhode island is served by new bedford , massachusetts-licensed wlne ; and delaware is served by wpvi and salisbury , maryland affiliate wmdt ) .
the merged company , renamed american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc. and headquartered in the paramount building at 1501 broadway in manhattan , owned six am and several fm radio stations , five television stations and 644 cinemas in 300 u.s. cities .
on august 15 , 1971 , the united states unilaterally pulled out of the bretton woods accord .
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert .
in the january 2006 legislative election—its first foray into the political process—it won the majority of the seats , and in 2007 it drove the plo out of gaza .
in 1542 , luther read a latin translation of the qur'an .
tesla also explained the principles of the rotating magnetic field in an induction motor by demonstrating how to make a copper egg stand on end using a device he constructed known as the egg of columbus .
southern california is home to many major business districts .
the medals were awarded posthumously to grissom , white , and chaffee in 1969 , then to the crews of all missions from apollo 8 onward .
further , the wisdom and prudence of certain decisions of procurement have been publicly questioned .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
but for instance the districts in kraków do not have entitlements of powiat , so the registration numbers in kraków are of the same type for all districts .
by mass , oxygen is the third-most abundant element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium .
harvard 's athletic rivalry with yale is intense in every sport in which they meet , coming to a climax each fall in the annual football meeting , which dates back to 1875 and is usually called simply " the game " .
a recent molecular phylogenetics analysis concluded that the common ancestor of all modern ctenophores was cydippid-like , and that all the modern groups appeared relatively recently , probably after the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event 66 million years ago .
however , in october 2007 , the court of justice ruled that the commission could not propose what the criminal sanctions could be , only that there must be some .
the fire that killed the apollo 1 crew in a launch pad test spread so rapidly because the capsule was pressurized with pure o 2 but at slightly more than atmospheric pressure , instead of the 1⁄3 normal pressure that would be used in a mission .
it was promulgated on 27 august 2010 at a euphoric ceremony in nairobi 's uhuru park , accompanied by a 21-gun salute .
apollo/saturn vehicles were also used for an apollo applications program , which consisted of skylab , a space station that supported three manned missions in 1973–74 , and the apollo–soyuz test project , a joint earth orbit mission with the soviet union in 1975 .
process by which , under certain conditions , newly created wealth concentrates in the possession of already-wealthy individuals or entities .
most of its population is concentrated in the area surrounding port phillip bay , which includes the metropolitan area of its capital and largest city , melbourne , which is australia 's second-largest city .
the neighborhood has very little retail activity , aside from the area near fresno street and state route 99 freeway ( kearney palm shopping center , built in the late 1990s ) and small corner markets scattered throughout .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
the earlier they surrendered to the mongols , the higher they were placed , the more the held out , the lower they were ranked .
luther 's pamphlets against the church and the hierarchy , often worded with " liberal " phraseology , now led many peasants to believe he would support an attack on the upper classes in general .
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
in 1980 , warsaw 's historic old town was inscribed onto unesco 's world heritage list .
other legal requirements come from malum prohibitum considerations , or things that are a matter of custom or expectation , such as isolating businesses to a business district and residences to a residential district .
luther 's commentary on genesis contains a passage which concludes that " the soul does not sleep ( anima non sic dormit ) , but wakes ( sed vigilat ) and experiences visions " .
this is often interpreted as meaning the outer chloroplast membrane is the product of the host 's cell membrane infolding to form a vesicle to surround the ancestral cyanobacterium—which is not true—both chloroplast membranes are homologous to the cyanobacterium 's original double membranes .
the mill volvo tyne theatre hosts smaller touring productions , whilst other venues feature local talent .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
defensive ends derek wolfe and malik jackson each had 5½ sacks .
southern california is famous for tourism and hollywood ( film , television , and music ) .
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes .
legrande writes that " the formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is extremely difficult , if not impossible .
in 1957 , abc entertainment president ollie treiz discovered that the locally produced variety show bandstand had pulled very strong ratings in the philadelphia market on wfil-tv ; treiz ultimately negotiated a deal to take the show national , under the revised title american bandstand ; the show quickly became a social phenomenon by presenting new musical talent and dances to america 's youth and helped make a star out of its host , dick clark .
economist joseph stiglitz presented evidence in 2009 that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand .
he was buried in the castle church in wittenberg , beneath the pulpit .
the executive summary of the wg i summary for policymakers report says they are certain that emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases , resulting on average in an additional warming of the earth 's surface .
in much of the u.s. south , many white students migrated to the academies , while public schools became in turn more heavily concentrated with african-american students ( see list of private schools in mississippi ) .
the quick and decisive defeat of the arab troops during the six-day war by israeli troops constituted a pivotal event in the arab muslim world .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
for example , friction is caused by the gradients of numerous electrostatic potentials between the atoms , but manifests as a force model that is independent of any macroscale position vector .
it began with a dispute over control of the confluence of the allegheny and monongahela rivers , called the forks of the ohio , and the site of the french fort duquesne and present-day pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
one example is an enzyme called tyrosinase that , when expressed at high levels , transforms certain skin cells ( e.g .
abc news provides news and features content for select radio stations owned by citadel broadcasting , which purchased the abc radio properties in 2007 .
this concept contrasted and contradicted the theretofore established principles of pre-allocation of network bandwidth , largely fortified by the development of telecommunications in the bell system .
their defeat by the swabian league at the battle of frankenhausen on 15 may 1525 , followed by müntzer 's execution , brought the revolutionary stage of the reformation to a close .
the duchy of normandy , which began in 911 as a fiefdom , was established by the treaty of saint-clair-sur-epte between king charles iii of west francia and the famed viking ruler rollo , and was situated in the former frankish kingdom of neustria .
often having an elementary formulation , many of these conjectures have withstood a proof for decades : all four of landau 's problems from 1912 are still unsolved .
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced .
as of 2005 , 17.7 % of kenyans lived on less than $ 1.25 a day .
there is a us $ 1,000,000 prize for resolving the problem .
tesla wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals .
a simple case of dynamic equilibrium occurs in constant velocity motion across a surface with kinetic friction .
in 1976 , bankamericard was renamed and spun off into a separate company known today as visa inc .
average temperatures exceed 32 °c ( 90 °f ) during summer and 15 °c ( 59 °f ) in winter .
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier .
outraged , genghis khan planned one of his largest invasion campaigns by organizing together around 100,000 soldiers ( 10 tumens ) , his most capable generals and some of his sons .
recent scholars consider the evidence for these words to be unreliable , since they were inserted before " may god help me " only in later versions of the speech and not recorded in witness accounts of the proceedings .
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us .
average temperatures exceed 32 °c ( 90 °f ) during summer and 15 °c ( 59 °f ) in winter .
on october 19 , nixon requested congress to appropriate $ 2.2 billion in emergency aid to israel , including $ 1.5 billion in outright grants .
the review process often involves an evaluation of the appropriateness of the drug therapy ( e.g. , drug choice , dose , route , frequency , and duration of therapy ) and its efficacy .
daytime programming is also provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays ( with a one-hour break at 12:00 p.m. eastern/pacific for stations to air newscasts , other locally produced programming such as talk shows , or syndicated programs ) featuring the talk/lifestyle shows the view and the chew and the soap opera general hospital .
this language was the forerunner of modern english ; but while the dialects of other english regions have been heavily altered by the influences of other foreign languages—particularly latin and norman french—the geordie dialect retains many elements of the old language .
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) .
a dry type cooling tower is similar to an automobile radiator and is used in locations where water is costly .
after several months of negotiations , the government of the duke of newcastle decided to send an army expedition the following year to dislodge the french .
the debating chamber of the scottish parliament has seating arranged in a hemicycle , which reflects the desire to encourage consensus amongst elected members .
abc originally launched on october 12 , 1943 as a radio network , separated from and serving as the successor to the nbc blue network , which had been purchased by edward j. noble .
nbc , which had lagged behind abc for eight years , finished the season in first place in the 18–49 demographic for the first time since 2004 , and in second place in total viewership behind long-dominant cbs .
he produced artificial lightning , with discharges consisting of millions of volts and up to 135 feet long .
if graph isomorphism is np-complete , the polynomial time hierarchy collapses to its second level .
hearst television also reached a deal to offer streams of its abc affiliates ( including stations in boston , kansas city , milwaukee and west palm beach ) on the service .
one early map shows a village called ossachite at the site of what is now downtown jacksonville ; this may be the earliest recorded name for that area .
there were 12,843 ( 8.1 % ) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships , and 1,388 ( 0.9 % ) same-sex married couples or partnerships .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
a further 6,000 square kilometres ( 2,300 sq mi ) is sown for hay .
in some countries , formal education can take place through home schooling .
these attacks resonated with conservative muslims and the problem did not go away with saddam 's defeat either , since american troops remained stationed in the kingdom , and a de facto cooperation with the palestinian-israeli peace process developed .
in the mid-1960s , corruption scandals began to arise among many of the city 's officials , who were mainly elected through the traditional old boy network .
whilst the permanent building at holyrood was being constructed , the parliament 's temporary home was the general assembly hall of the church of scotland on the royal mile in edinburgh .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
by the time of the miocene , a river system had developed in the upper rhine graben , that continued northward and is considered the first rhine river .
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements .
the power of the theory of plate tectonics lies in its ability to combine all of these observations into a single theory of how the lithosphere moves over the convecting mantle .
this " gentlemen 's agreement " between sadat and islamists broke down in 1975 but not before islamists came to completely dominate university student unions .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
between 1991 and 2000 , the total area of forest lost in the amazon rose from 415,000 to 587,000 square kilometres ( 160,000 to 227,000 sq mi ) , with most of the lost forest becoming pasture for cattle .
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms .
the internet2 community , in partnership with qwest , built the first internet2 network , called abilene , in 1998 and was a prime investor in the national lambdarail ( nlr ) project .
in hinduism the spiritual teacher is known as a guru , and , in many traditions of hinduism - especially those common in the west - the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high , with gurus often exercising a great deal of control over the lives of their disciples .
the espn deportes spanish broadcast was made available through watchespn .
they then use the atp and nadph to make organic molecules from carbon dioxide in a process known as the calvin cycle .
most working children are active in agriculture .
after debates , it was passed by parliament , the coalition would hold until the end of the current parliament or if either of the parties withdraws from the deal before then .
an electron configuration with two unpaired electrons as found in dioxygen ( see the filled π* orbitals in the diagram ) , orbitals that are of equal energy—i.e. , degenerate—is a configuration termed a spin triplet state .
davies is credited with coining the modern name packet switching and inspiring numerous packet switching networks in europe in the decade following , including the incorporation of the concept in the early arpanet in the united states .
the event has its origins in the temperance movement during the early 1880s and coincides with the annual race week at high gosforth park .
demographically , it was the most diverse city in poland , with significant numbers of foreign-born inhabitants .
in november 2006 , the victorian legislative council elections were held under a new multi-member proportional representation system .
chloroplast ribosomes are about two-thirds the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes ( around 17 nm vs 25 nm ) .
however , this was replaced by sky three on 31 october 2005 , which was itself later re-branded as 'pick tv ' in 2011 .
in 1507 , he was ordained to the priesthood , and in 1508 , von staupitz , first dean of the newly founded university of wittenberg , sent for luther , to teach theology .
economist simon kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development .
there were 80,000 white settlers living in kenya in the 1950s .
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly .
government funding for religious schools is either subject to restrictions or possibly forbidden , according to the courts ' interpretation of the establishment clause of the first amendment or individual state blaine amendments .
therefore , the charter of fundamental rights of the european union has become an integral part of european union law , codifying the fundamental rights which were previously considered general principles of european union law .
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
the area is also known for its early twentieth century homes , many of which have been restored in recent decades .
ondemar dias is accredited with first discovering the geoglyphs in 1977 and alceu ranzi with furthering their discovery after flying over acre .
from the perspective of the person in the car , the vehicle and everything inside of it is at rest : it is the outside world that is moving with a constant speed in the opposite direction .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
members of the genus haeckelia prey on jellyfish and incorporate their prey 's nematocysts ( stinging cells ) into their own tentacles instead of colloblasts .
when some species , including bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera , are disturbed , they produce secretions ( ink ) that luminesce at much the same wavelengths as their bodies .
james bryant conant ( president , 1933–1953 ) reinvigorated creative scholarship to guarantee its preeminence among research institutions .
pigeon peas are very drought resistant , so can be grown in areas with less than 650 mm annual rainfall .
his body was later found by maid alice monaghan after she had entered tesla 's room , ignoring the " do not disturb " sign that tesla had placed on his door two days earlier .
as part of the 2006 renovation the mosaic floors in the sculpture gallery were restored—most of the victorian floors were covered in linoleum after the second world war .
the project must adhere to zoning and building code requirements .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
of the original 390 settlers in the isolated settlement , many had died ; others lived outside town on farms in the english style ; and others moved to different areas .
he also rejected the existence of purgatory , which involved christian souls undergoing penitential suffering after death .
however , there was a riot at buckland valley near bright in 1857. conditions on the gold fields were cramped and unsanitary ; an outbreak of typhoid at buckland valley in 1854 killed over 1,000 miners .
warsaw lies in east-central poland about 300 km ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains and about 260 km ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea , 523 km ( 325 mi ) east of berlin , germany .
the rankine cycle and most practical steam engines have a water pump to recycle or top up the boiler water , so that they may be run continuously .
speakers are drawn from across scotland and are chosen to represent the balance of religious beliefs according to the scottish census .
his main interest was centered on the prophecy of the little horn in daniel 8:9–12 , 23–25 .
the museum owns the world 's largest collection of post-classical sculpture , with the holdings of italian renaissance items being the largest outside italy .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
education in wales differs in certain respects from education elsewhere in the united kingdom .
oxygen , as a supposed mild euphoric , has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars and in sports .
with the formation of the united methodist church in 1968 , theologian albert c. outler led the team which systematized denominational doctrine .
some of the best examples of the neoclassical style are the palace on the water ( rebuilt 1775–1795 ) , królikarnia ( 1782–1786 ) , carmelite church ( façade 1761–1783 ) and evangelical holy trinity church ( 1777–1782 ) .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made .
these tribes were formally under iroquois rule , and were limited by them in authority to make agreements .
the symptoms of inflammation are redness , swelling , heat , and pain , which are caused by increased blood flow into tissue .
the alga cyanophora , a glaucophyte , is thought to be one of the first organisms to contain a chloroplast .
chao were made from the bark of mulberry trees .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
most canadians have access to at least one u.s.-based abc affiliate , either over-the-air ( in areas located within proximity to the canada–united states border ) or through a cable , satellite or iptv provider , although most abc programs are subject to simultaneous substitution regulations imposed by the canadian radio-television and telecommunications commission that allow pay television providers to replace an american station 's signal with the feed of a canadian broadcaster to protect domestic programming rights and advertising revenue .
a new development in the ouseburn valley has recreated them ; architects cany ash and robert sakula were attracted by the possibilities of high density without building high and getting rid of common areas .
oxygen toxicity to the lungs and central nervous system can also occur in deep scuba diving and surface supplied diving .
the plain moraine plateau has only a few natural and artificial ponds and also groups of clay pits .
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections .
similarly , the sieve of eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered a prime : a modified version of the sieve that considers 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of 1 ( that is , all other numbers ) and produce as output only the single number 1. furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function .
folklore says that a river was diverted over his grave to make it impossible to find ( the same manner of burial as the sumerian king gilgamesh of uruk and atilla the hun ) .
corliss , and later , poppet valve gears had separate admission and exhaust valves driven by trip mechanisms or cams profiled so as to give ideal events ; most of these gears never succeeded outside of the stationary marketplace due to various other issues including leakage and more delicate mechanisms .
in the summers , temperature ranges are 90-60 's while as winters are 70-50 's , usually all of southern california have mediterranean climate .
breathing pure o 2 in space applications , such as in some modern space suits , or in early spacecraft such as apollo , causes no damage due to the low total pressures used .
at the start of the war , no french regular army troops were stationed in north america , and few british troops .
only 100–150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
chinese advisers such as liu bingzhong and yao shu gave strong influence to kublai 's early court , and the central government administration was established within the first decade of kublai 's reign .
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments .
while the commission has a monopoly on initiating legislation , the european parliament and the council of the european union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process .
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching .
plague was present in at least one location in the islamic world virtually every year between 1500 and 1850. plague repeatedly struck the cities of north africa .
ironmaster , metallurgist , and member of parliament isaac lowthian bell was born in the city in 1816. other notable people born in or associated with newcastle include : engineer and industrialist lord armstrong , engineer and father of the modern steam railways george stephenson , his son , also an engineer , robert stephenson , engineer and inventor of the steam turbine sir charles parsons , inventor of the incandescent light bulb sir joseph swan , modernist poet basil bunting , and lord chief justice peter taylor .
geographically , california 's north-south midway point lies at exactly 37° 9 ' 58.23 " latitude , around 11 miles ( 18 km ) south of san jose ; however , this does not coincide with popular use of the term .
for example , factorization or ramification of prime ideals when lifted to an extension field , a basic problem of algebraic number theory , bears some resemblance with ramification in geometry .
the debating chamber of the scottish parliament has seating arranged in a hemicycle , which reflects the desire to encourage consensus amongst elected members .
the panthers could not gain any yards with their possession and had to punt .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
this teaching by luther was clearly expressed in his 1525 publication on the bondage of the will , which was written in response to on free will by desiderius erasmus ( 1524 ) .
this is primarily accomplished through normal faulting and through the ductile stretching and thinning .
charles w. eliot , president 1869–1909 , eliminated the favored position of christianity from the curriculum while opening it to student self-direction .
the function of the teacher is to pressure the lazy , inspire the bored , deflate the cocky , encourage the timid , detect and correct individual flaws , and broaden the viewpoint of all .
any channel which can get carriage on a suitable beam of a satellite at 28° east is entitled to access to bskyb 's epg for a fee , ranging from £15–100,000 .
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute .
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum .
in the u.s. federal health care system ( including the va , the indian health service , and nih ) ambulatory care pharmacists are given full independent prescribing authority .
both special reports were requested by governments .
in the cycle , water is heated and transforms into steam within a boiler operating at a high pressure .
similarly , algorithms can solve the np-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes in less than quadratic time and sat solvers routinely handle large instances of the np-complete boolean satisfiability problem .
the city 's tourism , however , was dealt major blows in the late 19th century by yellow fever outbreaks .
in order to rectify this situation , socialists argue that the means of production should be socially owned so that income differentials would be reflective of individual contributions to the social product .
the force , therefore , is related directly to the difference in potential energy between two different locations in space , and can be considered to be an artifact of the potential field in the same way that the direction and amount of a flow of water can be considered to be an artifact of the contour map of the elevation of an area .
by 1979 , virtually all " full-size " american cars had shrunk , featuring smaller engines and smaller outside dimensions .
numerical models work in the same way as these analog models , though they are often more sophisticated and can include patterns of erosion and uplift in the mountain belt .
in actuality , warsz was a 12th/13th-century nobleman who owned a village located at the modern-day site of mariensztat neighbourhood .
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible .
nearly all of france 's colonies gained independence by 1960 , but france retained great financial and diplomatic influence .
on 17 april 1879 , milutin tesla died at the age of 60 after contracting an unspecified illness ( although some sources say that he died of a stroke ) .
the exodus of huguenots from france created a brain drain , as many huguenots had occupied important places in society .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices .
[ citation needed ] however , recent data shows that the level of income inequality began to rise after the 1970s .
for example , in sedimentary rocks , it is common for gravel from an older formation to be ripped up and included in a newer layer .
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring ( 500 points ) , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections .
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp .
bantu and nilotic populations together constitute around 97 % of the nation 's residents .
newcastle mela , held on the late august bank holiday weekend , is an annual two-day multicultural event , blending drama , music and food from punjabi , pakistani , bengali and hindu cultures .
a study in england showed a 0.3 % prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional , a group that included priests , religious leaders , and case workers as well as teachers .
private education in north america covers the whole gamut of educational activity , ranging from pre-school to tertiary level institutions .
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
the clinical pharmacist 's role involves creating a comprehensive drug therapy plan for patient-specific problems , identifying goals of therapy , and reviewing all prescribed medications prior to dispensing and administration to the patient .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
to the east is the colorado desert and the colorado river at the border with arizona , and the mojave desert at the border with the state of nevada .
individual huguenots settled at the cape of good hope from as early as 1671 with the arrival of françois villion ( viljoen ) .
after detecting stress in a cell , which might be due to a pathogen , chloroplasts begin producing molecules like salicylic acid , jasmonic acid , nitric oxide and reactive oxygen species which can serve as defense-signals .
the city is also home to the newcastle eagles basketball team who play their home games at the new sport central complex at northumbria university .
since ozone absorbs strongly in the uv region of the spectrum , the ozone layer of the upper atmosphere functions as a protective radiation shield for the planet .
the input string for a computational problem is referred to as a problem instance , and should not be confused with the problem itself .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars .
in foster v british gas plc the court of justice held that mrs foster was entitled to bring a sex discrimination claim against her employer , british gas plc , which made women retire at age 60 and men at 65 , if ( 1 ) pursuant to a state measure , ( 2 ) it provided a public service , and ( 3 ) had special powers .
women played a relatively important role in mongol empire and in family , for example töregene khatun was briefly in charge of the mongol empire when next male khagan was being chosen .
during excavations at lake turkana in 1984 , paleoanthropologist richard leakey assisted by kamoya kimeu discovered the turkana boy , a 1.6-million-year-old fossil belonging to homo erectus .
johnson 's expedition was better organized than shirley 's , which was noticed by new france 's governor , the marquis de vaudreuil .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
the fact that chloroplasts are surrounded by a double membrane is often cited as evidence that they are the descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria .
the tentilla of euplokamis differ significantly from those of other cydippids : they contain striated muscle , a cell type otherwise unknown in the phylum ctenophora ; and they are coiled when relaxed , while the tentilla of all other known ctenophores elongate when relaxed .
all three apparently lacked tentacles but had between 24 and 80 comb rows , far more than the 8 typical of living species .
du pont , a former student of lavoisier , established the eleutherian gunpowder mills .
a piece of paper was later found on which luther had written his last statement .
he claimed the italian nationalisation law conflicted with the treaty of rome , and requested a reference be made to both the italian constitutional court and the court of justice under tfeu article 267. the italian constitutional court gave an opinion that because the nationalisation law was from 1962 , and the treaty was in force from 1958 , costa had no claim .
finally , the 1996 television film premièred on 12 may 1996 on citv in edmonton , canada , 15 days before the bbc one showing , and two days before it aired on fox in the united states .
one of the great treasures in the library is the codex forster , some of leonardo da vinci 's note books .
in bays where they occur in very high numbers , predation by ctenophores may control the populations of small zooplanktonic organisms such as copepods , which might otherwise wipe out the phytoplankton ( planktonic plants ) , which are a vital part of marine food chains .
but a storm dispersed the fleet .
amherst granted vaudreuil 's request that any french residents who chose to remain in the colony would be given freedom to continue worshiping in their roman catholic tradition , continued ownership of their property , and the right to remain undisturbed in their homes .
the physician wei yilin ( 1277–1347 ) invented a suspension method for reducing dislocated joints , which he performed using anesthetics .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
the green dining room 1866–68 was the work of philip webb and william morris , and displays elizabethan influences .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size .
fertilization is external in most species , but platyctenids use internal fertilization and keep the eggs in brood chambers until they hatch .
governor duquesne sent additional french forces under claude-pierre pecaudy de contrecœur to relieve saint-pierre during the same period , and contrecœur led 500 men south from fort venango on april 5 , 1754. when these forces arrived at the fort on april 16 , contrecœur generously allowed trent 's small company to withdraw .
in cases where the criminalized behavior is pure speech , civil disobedience can consist simply of engaging in the forbidden speech .
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality .
datanet 1 was the public switched data network operated by the dutch ptt telecom ( now known as kpn ) .
the discharge of the rhine is divided among three branches : the river waal ( 6/9 of total discharge ) , the river nederrijn – lek ( 2/9 of total discharge ) and the river ijssel ( 1/9 of total discharge ) .
because he published his findings first , priestley is usually given priority in the discovery .
a progressive tax is a tax by which the tax rate increases as the taxable base amount increases .
during the 1970s and sometimes later , western and pro-western governments often supported sometimes fledgling islamists and islamist groups that later came to be seen as dangerous enemies .
between about ad 14 and 180 , the assignment of legions was as follows : for the army of germania inferior , two legions at vetera ( xanten ) , i germanica and xx valeria ( pannonian troops ) ; two legions at oppidum ubiorum ( " town of the ubii " ) , which was renamed to colonia agrippina , descending to cologne , v alaudae , a celtic legion recruited from gallia narbonensis and xxi , possibly a galatian legion from the other side of the empire .
when coal is used , a chain or screw stoking mechanism and its drive engine or motor may be included to move the fuel from a supply bin ( bunker ) to the firebox .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
another formula is based on wilson 's theorem and generates the number 2 many times and all other primes exactly once .
for some , imperialism designated a policy of idealism and philanthropy ; others alleged that it was characterized by political self-interest , and a growing number associated it with capitalist greed .
in addition , analysis of the medieval warm period cited reconstructions by crowley & lowery 2000 ( as cited in the tar ) and osborn & briffa 2006. ten of these 14 reconstructions covered 1,000 years or longer .
for instance , the set of problems solvable within time f ( n ) on a deterministic turing machine is then denoted by dtime ( f ( n ) ) .
platyctenids are usually cryptically colored , live on rocks , algae , or the body surfaces of other invertebrates , and are often revealed by their long tentacles with many sidebranches , seen streaming off the back of the ctenophore into the current .
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) .
the traditional visor helmet was replaced with a clear " fishbowl " type for greater visibility , and the lunar surface eva suit would include a water-cooled undergarment .
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne .
a method to lessen the magnitude of this heating and cooling was invented in 1804 by british engineer arthur woolf , who patented his woolf high-pressure compound engine in 1805. in the compound engine , high-pressure steam from the boiler expands in a high-pressure ( hp ) cylinder and then enters one or more subsequent lower-pressure ( lp ) cylinders .
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates .
some suggest that marco polo acquired much of his knowledge through contact with persian traders since many of the places he named were in persian .
private bill committees have been set up to consider legislation on issues such as the development of the edinburgh tram network , the glasgow airport rail link , the airdrie-bathgate rail link and extensions to the national gallery of scotland .
the reason for the majority rule is the high risk of a conflict of interest and/or the avoidance of absolute powers .
when the order came to annihilate the ghetto as part of hitler 's " final solution " on 19 april 1943 , jewish fighters launched the warsaw ghetto uprising .
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue .
before the actual research explicitly devoted to the complexity of algorithmic problems started off , numerous foundations were laid out by various researchers .
in 1862 , the tesla family moved to gospić , austrian empire , where tesla 's father worked as a pastor .
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe .
the second two are the largest , and the green chloroplast lineage is the one that contains the land plants .
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000. the three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined .
another influence is the geographical phrase south of the tehachapis , which would split the southern region off at the crest of that transverse range , but in that definition , the desert portions of north los angeles county and eastern kern and san bernardino counties would be included in the southern california region due to their remoteness from the central valley and interior desert landscape .
the network is headquartered on columbus avenue and west 66th street in manhattan , with additional major offices and production facilities in new york city , los angeles and burbank , california .
the following day , oil ministers agreed to the embargo , a cut in production by five percent from september 's output and to continue to cut production in five percent monthly increments until their economic and political objectives were met .
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression .
at the time , iran was the world 's second-largest oil exporter and a close us ally .
while most chloroplasts originate from that first set of endosymbiotic events , paulinella chromatophora is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently .
the current premier of victoria is daniel andrews .
like much of the south atlantic region of the united states , jacksonville has a humid subtropical climate ( köppen cfa ) , with mild weather during winters and hot and humid weather during summers .
non-hispanic whites were 30.0 % of the population in 2010 , down from 72.6 % in 1970 .
a september 1565 french naval attack against the new spanish colony at st. augustine failed when its ships were hit by a hurricane on their way to the spanish encampment at fort matanzas .
with the formation of the united methodist church in 1968 , theologian albert c. outler led the team which systematized denominational doctrine .
tesla would then resume his work , often until 3:00 a.m. " :283 , 286
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack .
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary .
the announcement came a day after setanta sports confirmed that it would launch in march as a subscription service on the digital terrestrial platform , and on the same day that ntl 's services re-branded as virgin media .
around 1954 , abc agreed to finance disneyland in exchange for the right to broadcast a new sunday night program , disneyland , which debuted on the network on october 27 , 1954 as the first of many anthology television programs that disney would broadcast over the course of the next 50 years .
newton 's laws and newtonian mechanics in general were first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects .
luther 's hymns were frequently evoked by particular events in his life and the unfolding reformation .
preventable diseases like malaria , hiv/aids , pneumonia , diarrhoea and malnutrition are the biggest burden , major child-killers , and responsible for much morbidity ; weak policies , corruption , inadequate health workers , weak management and poor leadership in the public health sector are largely to blame .
thus , the straight line path in space-time is seen as a curved line in space , and it is called the ballistic trajectory of the object .
designers and artists whose work is on display in the galleries include gian lorenzo bernini , grinling gibbons , daniel marot , louis laguerre , antonio verrio , sir james thornhill , william kent , robert adam , josiah wedgwood , matthew boulton , canova , thomas chippendale , pugin , william morris .
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill .
reactive oxygen species , such as superoxide ion ( o− 2 ) and hydrogen peroxide ( h 2o 2 ) , are dangerous by-products of oxygen use in organisms .
terra preta ( black earth ) , which is distributed over large areas in the amazon forest , is now widely accepted as a product of indigenous soil management .
the invasion failed both militarily and politically , as pitt again planned significant campaigns against new france , and sent funds to britain 's ally on the mainland , prussia , and the french navy failed in the 1759 naval battles at lagos and quiberon bay .
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting .
from 1421 to 1904 , the meuse and waal merged further upstream at gorinchem to form merwede .
due to its central location between the polish–lithuanian commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and of the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596. after the third partition of poland in 1795 , warsaw was incorporated into the kingdom of prussia .
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river .
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique .
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible .
in a report , published in early february 2007 by the ear institute at the university college london , and widex , a danish hearing aid manufacturer , newcastle was named as the noisiest city in the whole of the uk , with an average level of 80.4 decibels .
on september 30 , 1960 , abc premiered the flintstones , another example of counterprogramming ; although the animated series from william hanna and joseph barbera was filmed in color from the beginning , it was initially broadcast in black-and-white , as abc had not made the necessary technical upgrades to broadcast its programming in color at the time .
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality .
committees comprise a small number of msps , with membership reflecting the balance of parties across parliament .
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) .
the normans settled mostly in an area in the east of ireland , later known as the pale , and also built many fine castles and settlements , including trim castle and dublin castle .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk .
tesla was asocial and prone to seclude himself with his work .
he also realised that such administrators could not be found among his mongol people because they were nomads and thus had no experience governing cities .
july is the warmest month , averaging 83.0 °f ( 28.3 °c ) ; normally , there are 32 days of 100 °f ( 37.8 °c ) + highs and 106 days of 90 °f ( 32.2 °c ) + highs , and in july and august , there are only three or four days where the high does not reach 90 °f ( 32.2 °c ) .
another influence is the geographical phrase south of the tehachapis , which would split the southern region off at the crest of that transverse range , but in that definition , the desert portions of north los angeles county and eastern kern and san bernardino counties would be included in the southern california region due to their remoteness from the central valley and interior desert landscape .
the highest temperature recorded was 104 °f ( 40 °c ) on july 11 , 1879 and july 28 , 1872. it is common for thunderstorms to erupt during a typical summer afternoon .
established on classical streets built by richard grainger , a builder and developer , between 1835 and 1842 , some of newcastle upon tyne 's finest buildings and streets lie within this area of the city centre including grainger market , theatre royal , grey street , grainger street and clayton street .
doctor who has always appeared initially on the bbc 's mainstream bbc one channel , where it is regarded as a family show , drawing audiences of many millions of viewers ; episodes are now repeated on bbc three .
many member state courts believe they decide , other member state parliaments believe they decide , while within the eu , the court of justice believes it has the final say .
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
peridinin is not found in any other group of chloroplasts .
the first recorded settlement in what is now newcastle was pons aelius , a roman fort and bridge across the river tyne .
a procedural consequence of the establishment of the scottish parliament is that scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons are able to vote on domestic legislation that applies only to england , wales and northern ireland – whilst english , scottish , welsh and northern irish westminster mps are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the scottish parliament .
among these are the oriental institute—a museum and research center for near eastern studies owned and operated by the university—and a number of national resource centers , including the center for middle eastern studies .
the national science foundation network ( nsfnet ) was a program of coordinated , evolving projects sponsored by the national science foundation ( nsf ) beginning in 1985 to promote advanced research and education networking in the united states .
the network is headquartered on columbus avenue and west 66th street in manhattan , with additional major offices and production facilities in new york city , los angeles and burbank , california .
the master is the doctor 's archenemy , a renegade time lord who desires to rule the universe .
accepted general principles of european union law include fundamental rights ( see human rights ) , proportionality , legal certainty , equality before the law and subsidiarity .
it is connected to the city via the metro light rail system and a journey into newcastle city centre takes approximately 20 minutes .
abc would reattempt such a concept in july 2004 with the launch of abc news now , a 24-hour news channel distributed for viewing on the internet and mobile phones .
the lower part of the walls are panelled in wood with a band of paintings depicting fruit and the occasional figure , with moulded plaster foliage on the main part of the wall and a plaster frieze around the decorated ceiling and stained-glass windows by edward burne-jones .
his friends thought that he had drowned in the mur river .
all fats , fatty acids , amino acids , and proteins contain oxygen ( due to the presence of carbonyl groups in these acids and their ester residues ) .
these chloroplasts are bounded by up to five membranes , ( depending on whether you count the entire diatom endosymbiont as the chloroplast , or just the red algal derived chloroplast inside it ) .
magnetic stratigraphers look for signs of magnetic reversals in igneous rock units within the drill cores .
because of these characteristics , forces are classified as " vector quantities " .
temüjin grew up observing the tough political climate of mongolia , which included tribal warfare , thievery , raids , corruption , and continual acts of revenge carried out between the various confederations , all compounded by interference from foreign forces such as the chinese dynasties to the south .
frontiers from between nova scotia and acadia in the north , to the ohio country in the south , were claimed by both sides .
after continued turmoil , a university committee in 1967 issued what became known as the kalven report .
to date , an estimated 438,000 species of plants of economic and social interest have been registered in the region with many more remaining to be discovered or catalogued .
in 1917 , around the time that the wardenclyffe tower was demolished by boldt to make the land a more viable real estate asset , tesla received aiee 's highest honor , the edison medal .
amongst these include 5 university of california campuses ( irvine , los angeles , riverside , santa barbara , and san diego ) ; 12 california state university campuses ( bakersfield , channel islands , dominguez hills , fullerton , los angeles , long beach , northridge , pomona , san bernardino , san diego , san marcos , and san luis obispo ) ; and private institutions such as the california institute of technology , chapman university , the claremont colleges ( claremont mckenna college , harvey mudd college , pitzer college , pomona college , and scripps college ) , loma linda university , loyola marymount university , occidental college , pepperdine university , university of redlands , university of san diego , and the university of southern california .
at the battle of kalka river in 1223 , subutai 's forces defeated the larger kievan force .
in 1937 , at a luncheon in his honor concerning the death ray , tesla stated , " but it is not an experiment ... i have built , demonstrated and used it .
these tandem effects result ultimately in the conservation of mechanical energy since the work done on the load is the same no matter how complicated the machine .
grants total 88 % of harvard 's aid for undergraduate students , with aid also provided by loans ( 8 % ) and work-study ( 4 % ) .
abc 's flagship productions at the time were the lone ranger , based on the radio program of the same title , and the adventures of ozzie and harriet , the latter of which ( at 13 seasons , running from 1952 to 1965 ) held the record for the longest-running prime time comedy in u.s. television history , until it was surpassed by the simpsons in 2002 .
the innate response is usually triggered when microbes are identified by pattern recognition receptors , which recognize components that are conserved among broad groups of microorganisms , or when damaged , injured or stressed cells send out alarm signals , many of which ( but not all ) are recognized by the same receptors as those that recognize pathogens .
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . "
to view the encrypted content a videoguard uk equipped receiver ( all of which are dedicated to the sky service , and can not be used to decrypt other services ) needs to be used .
over the six years studied , the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by ipcc 's 2001 projection , and the actual sea level rise was above the top of the range of the ipcc projection .
around 2.5 million years ago ( ending 11,600 years ago ) was the geological period of the ice ages .
in general , each of these project structures allows the owner to integrate the services of architects , interior designers , engineers and constructors throughout design and construction .
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 .
civil disobedients ' refraining from violence is also said to help preserve society 's tolerance of civil disobedience .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression .
sky uk limited ( formerly british sky broadcasting or bskyb ) is a british telecommunications company which serves the united kingdom .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
kenyan athletes ( particularly kalenjin ) continue to dominate the world of distance running , although competition from morocco and ethiopia has reduced this supremacy .
in 1638 , the college became home for north america 's first known printing press , carried by the ship john of london .
the rhine-meuse delta , the most important natural region of the netherlands begins near millingen aan de rijn , close to the dutch-german border with the division of the rhine into waal and nederrijn .
chloroplasts stimulate both responses by purposely damaging their photosynthetic system , producing reactive oxygen species .
other prominent alumni include anthropologists david graeber and donald johanson , who is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as " lucy " in the afar triangle region , psychologist john b. watson , american psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , communication theorist harold innis , chess grandmaster samuel reshevsky , and conservative international relations scholar and white house coordinator of security planning for the national security council samuel p. huntington .
many faults are able to produce a magnitude 6.7+ earthquake , such as the san andreas fault , which can produce a magnitude 8.0 event .
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack .
southern california , often abbreviated socal , is a geographic and cultural region that generally comprises california 's southernmost 10 counties .
the most significant buildings are st. john 's cathedral ( 14th century ) , the temple is a typical example of the so-called masovian gothic style , st. mary 's church ( 1411 ) , a town house of burbach family ( 14th century ) , gunpowder tower ( after 1379 ) and the royal castle curia maior ( 1407–1410 ) .
salaries for nursery , primary and secondary school teachers ranged from £20,133 to £41,004 in september 2007 , although some salaries can go much higher depending on experience and extra responsibilities .
in the sandgate area , to the east of the city and beside the river , resided the close-knit community of keelmen and their families .
huguenot regiments fought for william of orange in the williamite war in ireland , for which they were rewarded with land grants and titles , many settling in dublin .
tesla 's theories on the possibility of the transmission by radio waves go back as far as lectures and demonstrations in 1893 in st. louis , missouri , the franklin institute in philadelphia , pennsylvania , and the national electric light association .
these services involve the laying on of hands and anointing with oil .
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions .
as a result , kuchlug 's army was defeated west of kashgar .
it was the first network to make the hosts responsible for reliable delivery of data , rather than the network itself , using unreliable datagrams and associated end-to-end protocol mechanisms .
he fled from gallifrey in a stolen mark i type 40 tardis – " time and relative dimension in space " – time machine which allows him to travel across time and space .
the result is unstable six-carbon molecules that immediately break down into three-carbon molecules called 3-phosphoglyceric acid , or 3-pga .
" merciful god , what misery i have seen , " luther wrote , " the common people knowing nothing at all of christian doctrine ... and unfortunately many pastors are well-nigh unskilled and incapable of teaching . "
his most concrete effort to patronize chinese learning was founding the academy of the pavilion of the star of literature ( chinese : 奎章閣學士院 ) , first established in the spring of 1329 and designed to undertake " a number of tasks relating to the transmission of confucian high culture to the mongolian imperial establishment " .
contacts with the west also brought the introduction to china of a major food crop , sorghum , along with other foreign food products and methods of preparation .
from 66–34 mya , the rainforest extended as far south as 45° .
its substance was very similar to the proposed constitutional treaty , but it was formally an amending treaty , and – though it significantly altered the existing treaties – it did not completely replace them .
despite popular prejudices to the contrary , the u.s. economy consistently affords a lower level of economic mobility than all the continental european countries for which data is available . "
the world price , which had peaked during the 1979 energy crisis at nearly $ 40 per barrel , decreased during the 1980s to less than $ 10 per barrel .
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " .
student uniforms for australian private schools are generally stricter and more formal than in government schools - for example , a compulsory blazer .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
in 1973 's the three doctors , william hartnell and patrick troughton returned alongside jon pertwee .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
the leading schools such as the groton school had substantial endowments running to hundreds of millions of dollars supplemented by fundraising drives .
chinese physicians opposed western medicine because its humoral system contradicted the yin-yang and wuxing philosophy underlying traditional chinese medicine .
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959. the series went on to quickly become " immensely popular " .
following the election of the uk labour party to government in 1997 , the uk formally subscribed to the agreement on social policy , which allowed it to be included with minor amendments as the social chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam .
its airing of the talons of weng-chiang was cancelled as a result of accusations that the story was racist ; the story was later broadcast in the 1990s on cable station ytv .
jimmy creech was defrocked after a highly publicized church trial in 1999 on account of his participation in same-sex union ceremonies .
abc airs nba games on sundays , normally starting in january as " nba sunday showcase " during the regular season , and shows christmas day games , regularly between 2–7 pm et , and nba playoff games during the weekends , and exclusive rights to the nba finals .
never formally revoked , it stopped being implemented after 1932. after world war ii , the soviet union installed socialist regimes modeled on those it had installed in 1919–20 in the old tsarist empire in areas its forces occupied in eastern europe .
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain .
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch .
it is held annually in june on the thames river in eastern connecticut .
in 1507 , he was ordained to the priesthood , and in 1508 , von staupitz , first dean of the newly founded university of wittenberg , sent for luther , to teach theology .
in august 1999 , abc premiered a special series event , who wants to be a millionaire , a game show based on the british program of the same title .
the series debuted on bbc three on 22 october 2006. john barrowman reprised his role of jack harkness from the 2005 series of doctor who .
major events also play a big part in tourism in victoria , particularly cultural tourism and sports tourism .
the yuan dynasty is considered both a successor to the mongol empire and an imperial chinese dynasty .
in mawdryn undead ( 1983 ) , the fifth doctor explicitly confirmed that he was then currently in his fifth incarnation .
in the united states , each state determines the requirements for getting a license to teach in public schools .
when yesün temür died in shangdu in 1328 , tugh temür was recalled to khanbaliq by the qipchaq commander el temür .
the worst-case is when the input is sorted or sorted in reverse order , and the algorithm takes time o ( n2 ) for this case .
teachers face several occupational hazards in their line of work , including occupational stress , which can negatively impact teachers ' mental and physical health , productivity , and students ' performance .
they expressed regret for " the poor application of well-established ipcc procedures in this instance " .
the tallest building in downtown jacksonville 's skyline is the bank of america tower , constructed in 1990 as the barnett center .
in the local alemannic dialect , the singular is pronounced " isel " and this is also the local pronunciation of esel ( " donkey " ) .
the riba 's holdings of over 330 drawings by andrea palladio are the largest in the world , other europeans well represented are jacques gentilhatre and antonio visentini .
the fire that killed the apollo 1 crew in a launch pad test spread so rapidly because the capsule was pressurized with pure o 2 but at slightly more than atmospheric pressure , instead of the 1⁄3 normal pressure that would be used in a mission .
this and other observations of acquired immunity were later exploited by louis pasteur in his development of vaccination and his proposed germ theory of disease .
in 1521 luther dealt largely with prophecy , in which he broadened the foundations of the reformation placing them on prophetic faith .
since then , and so far , general relativity has been acknowledged as the theory that best explains gravity .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
many millerton residents , drawn by the convenience of the railroad and worried about flooding , moved to the new community .
to measure the difficulty of solving a computational problem , one may wish to see how much time the best algorithm requires to solve the problem .
a function problem is a computational problem where a single output ( of a total function ) is expected for every input , but the output is more complex than that of a decision problem , that is , it is n't just yes or no .
in regard to companies , the court of justice held in r ( daily mail and general trust plc ) v hm treasury that member states could restrict a company moving its seat of business , without infringing tfeu article 49. this meant the daily mail newspaper 's parent company could not evade tax by shifting its residence to the netherlands without first settling its tax bills in the uk .
:245 the nobel foundation said , " any rumor that a person has not been given a nobel prize because he has made known his intention to refuse the reward is ridiculous " ; a recipient could only decline a nobel prize after he is announced a winner .
michael mullett considers this speech as a " world classic of epoch-making oratory . "
tvontario picked up the show in 1976 beginning with the three doctors and aired each series ( several years late ) through to series 24 in 1991. from 1979 to 1981 , tvo airings were bookended by science-fiction writer judith merril who would introduce the episode and then , after the episode concluded , try to place it in an educational context in keeping with tvo 's status as an educational channel .
the 1960s would be marked by the rise of family-oriented series in an attempt by abc to counterprogram its established competitors , but the decade was also marked by the network 's gradual transition to color .
" ikh zasag law adopted during genghis khan ’ s time in mongolia had points to punish illegal matters related to corruption and bribery very heavily , " mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj noted .
word of the british military plans leaked to france well before braddock 's departure for north america .
san francisco city supervisor jane kim unsuccessfully lobbied for the nfl to reimburse san francisco for city services in the amount of $ 5 million .
members of the lobate genera bathocyroe and ocyropsis can escape from danger by clapping their lobes , so that the jet of expelled water drives them backwards very quickly .
in 1979 , the soviet union deployed its 40th army into afghanistan , attempting to suppress an islamic rebellion against an allied marxist regime in the afghan civil war .
neutrophils and macrophages are phagocytes that travel throughout the body in pursuit of invading pathogens .
in 1891 scottish chemist james dewar was able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study .
according to economists david castells-quintana and vicente royuela , increasing inequality harms economic growth .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
gaining support from princes and officers in northern china and some other parts of the dynasty , khanbaliq-based tugh temür eventually won the civil war against ragibagh known as the war of the two capitals .
natural killer cells , or nk cells , are a component of the innate immune system which does not directly attack invading microbes .
in particular , it has consistently topped the academic ranking of world universities ( arwu ) since 2003 , and the the world reputation rankings since 2011 , when the first time such league tables were published .
the apollo spacecraft could be tested in two vacuum chambers capable of simulating atmospheric pressure at altitudes up to 250,000 feet ( 76 km ) , which is nearly a vacuum .
apollo 5 ( as-204 ) was the first unmanned test flight of lm in earth orbit , launched from pad 37 on january 22 , 1968 , by the saturn ib that would have been used for apollo 1. the lm engines were successfully test-fired and restarted , despite a computer programming error which cut short the first descent stage firing .
most abalone and rock lobster is exported to asia .
in 1066 , duke william ii of normandy conquered england killing king harold ii at the battle of hastings .
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776. britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820. by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world .
the war in north america officially ended with the signing of the treaty of paris on 10 february 1763 , and war in the european theatre of the seven years ' war was settled by the treaty of hubertusburg on 15 february 1763. the british offered france the choice of surrendering either its continental north american possessions east of the mississippi or the caribbean islands of guadeloupe and martinique , which had been occupied by the british .
in the 1990s , rankine steam cycles generated about 90 % of all electric power used throughout the world , including virtually all solar , biomass , coal and nuclear power plants .
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
this principle of equivalence was one of the foundational underpinnings for the development of the general theory of relativity .
during detention , students normally have to sit in a classroom and do work , write lines or a punishment essay , or sit quietly .
whenever he encountered british merchants or fur-traders , céloron informed them of the french claims on the territory and told them to leave .
the aare also contains the waters from the 4,274 m ( 14,022 ft ) summit of finsteraarhorn , the highest point of the rhine basin .
in 1932 the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon stated the length as 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , presumably a typographical error .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
despite denver 's excellent field position , they could not get the ball into the end zone , so mcmanus kicked a 33-yard field goal that increased their lead to 13–7 .
to remedy the causes of the fire , changes were made in the block ii spacecraft and operational procedures , the most important of which were use of a nitrogen/oxygen mixture instead of pure oxygen before and during launch , and removal of flammable cabin and space suit materials .
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " .
in 1939 chinese nationalist soldiers took the mausoleum from its position at the 'lord 's enclosure ' ( mongolian : edsen khoroo ) in mongolia to protect it from japanese troops .
stadtholder william iii of orange , who later became king of england , emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv after the french attacked the dutch republic in 1672. william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state .
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs .
as of 2004 , an estimated 32,463 farms occupied around 136,000 square kilometres ( 52,500 sq mi ) of victorian land .
one of the largest items is the hereford screen , weighing nearly 8 tonnes , 10.5 metres high and 11 metres wide , designed by sir george gilbert scott in 1862 for the chancel in hereford cathedral , from which it was removed in 1967. it was made by skidmore & company .
however , as one and the same valve usually controls both steam flows , a short cutoff at admission adversely affects the exhaust and compression periods which should ideally always be kept fairly constant ; if the exhaust event is too brief , the totality of the exhaust steam can not evacuate the cylinder , choking it and giving excessive compression ( " kick back " ) .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
in his lecture on april 16 , 2003 , edward said made a bold statement on modern imperialism in the united states , whom he described as using aggressive means of attack towards the contemporary orient , " due to their backward living , lack of democracy and the violation of women ’ s rights .
in ireland , private schools ( irish : scoil phríobháideach ) are unusual because a certain number of teacher 's salaries are paid by the state .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx .
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality .
based on his industry experience on air force missile projects , mueller realized some skilled managers could be found among high-ranking officers in the united states air force , so he got webb 's permission to recruit general samuel c. phillips , who gained a reputation for his effective management of the minuteman program , as omsf program controller .
thoreau , at the time of his arrest , was not yet a well-known author , and his arrest was not covered in any newspapers in the days , weeks and months after it happened .
it is now used to jointly house the prints and architectural drawings of the v & a ( prints , drawings , paintings and photographs ) and royal institute of british architects ( riba drawings and archives collections ) ; and the sackler centre for arts education , which opened in 2008 .
kublai secured the northeast border in 1259 by installing the hostage prince wonjong as the ruler of korea , making it a mongol tributary state .
on 6 november 1915 , a reuters news agency report from london had the 1915 nobel prize in physics awarded to thomas edison and nikola tesla ; however , on 15 november , a reuters story from stockholm stated the prize that year was being awarded to sir william henry bragg and william lawrence bragg " for their services in the analysis of crystal structure by means of x-rays .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
a small fraction of the flow is diverted off the island of mainau into lake überlingen .
the problems with north american were severe enough in late 1965 to cause manned space flight administrator george mueller to appoint program director samuel phillips to head a " tiger team " to investigate north american 's problems and identify corrections .
the election held in 1988 saw the advent of the mlolongo ( queuing ) system , where voters were supposed to line up behind their favoured candidates instead of a secret ballot .
from newcastle international ferry terminal , at north shields , danish dfds seaways run a service to ijmuiden ( near amsterdam ) .
another example of scientific research which suggests that previous estimates by the ipcc , far from overstating dangers and risks , have actually understated them is a study on projected rises in sea levels .
construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries .
his successor , ted heath , reversed this policy in 1970 , calling for israel to withdraw to its pre-1967 borders .
in 2008 , the university of chicago announced plans to establish the milton friedman institute which attracted both support and controversy from faculty members and students .
it has offered a doctorate in music composition since 1933 and in cinema & media studies since 2000 , a master of fine arts in visual arts ( early 1970s ) , and a master of arts in the humanities with a creative writing track ( 2000 ) .
the speed of the response is a result of signal amplification that occurs following sequential proteolytic activation of complement molecules , which are also proteases .
as a result , these disruptions can lead to an increase in chronic conditions such as heart disease , chronic pain , and asthma .
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer .
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast .
in 2001 , 16 national science academies issued a joint statement on climate change .
the abc logo first appeared as a on-screen bug in the 1993–94 season , appearing initially only for 60 seconds at the beginning of an act or segment , before appearing throughout programs ( except during commercial breaks ) beginning in the 1995–96 season ; the respective iterations of the translucent logo bug were also incorporated within program promotions until the 2011–12 season .
on 12 may 1705 , the virginia general assembly passed an act to naturalise the 148 huguenots still resident at manakintown .
in total there are 352 votes , but for most acts there must be a qualified majority vote , if not consensus .
both buildings were completed in june 1979. wabc-tv moved its operations from offices at 77 west 66th street to 149 columbus avenue , freeing up space for the abc network to house some of its operations .
it is conjectured there are infinitely many primes of the form n2 + 1. these conjectures are special cases of the broad schinzel 's hypothesis h. brocard 's conjecture says that there are always at least four primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2. legendre 's conjecture states that there is a prime number between n2 and ( n + 1 ) 2 for every positive integer n. it is implied by the stronger cramér 's conjecture .
producers introduced the concept of regeneration to permit the recasting of the main character .
a 2012 study found that teachers experienced double the rate of anxiety , depression , and stress than average workers .
an outbreak in 1471 took as much as 10–15 % of the population , while the death rate of the plague of 1479–80 could have been as high as 20 % .
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty .
the nif regime also harbored osama bin laden for a time ( before 9/11 ) , and worked to unify islamist opposition to the american attack on iraq in the 1991 gulf war .
arpanet and sita hln became operational in 1969. before the introduction of x.25 in 1973 , about twenty different network technologies had been developed .
several project structures can assist the owner in this integration , including design-build , partnering and construction management .
following the treaty , king george iii issued the royal proclamation of 1763 on october 7 , 1763 , which outlined the division and administration of the newly conquered territory , and to some extent continues to govern relations between the government of modern canada and the first nations .
the initial 235 acres ( 0.95 km2 ) , combined with additional acres acquired later by the city , brings the park to a sizable 300 acres ( 1.2 km2 ) .
[ citation needed ] it may be possible that another kuznets ' cycle is occurring , specifically the move from the manufacturing sector to the service sector .
he was also ruthless , demonstrated by his tactic of measuring against the linchpin , used against the tribes led by jamukha .
while most internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs and require a valid prescription , some internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs without requiring a prescription .
the lor method had the advantage of allowing the lander spacecraft to be used as a " lifeboat " in the event of a failure of the command ship .
shi tianze was a han chinese who lived in the jin dynasty .
the ipcc concentrates its activities on the tasks allotted to it by the relevant wmo executive council and unep governing council resolutions and decisions as well as on actions in support of the unfccc process .
temüjin was probably born in 1162 in delüün boldog , near burkhan khaldun mountain and the onon and kherlen rivers in modern-day northern mongolia , not far from the current capital ulaanbaatar .
hamas has continued to be a major player in palestine .
a study by the american association of university women reported that 9.6 % of students in the united states claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education ; be they a volunteer , bus driver , teacher , administrator or other adult ; sometime during their educational career .
he spent the rest of his career in this position at the university of wittenberg .
systemic acquired resistance ( sar ) is a type of defensive response used by plants that renders the entire plant resistant to a particular infectious agent .
both x.25 and frame relay provide connection-oriented operations . but x.25 does it at the network layer of the osi model . frame relay does it at level two , the data link layer .
the title khagan was not conferred on genghis until after his death , when his son and successor , ögedei , took the title for himself and extended it posthumously to his father ( as he was also to be posthumously declared the founder of the yuan dynasty ) .
the yuan government used woodblocks to print paper money , but switched to bronze plates in 1275. the mongols experimented with establishing the chinese-style paper monetary system in mongol-controlled territories outside of china .
the efficiency of energiprojekt 's steam engine reaches some 27-30 % on high-pressure engines .
following the treaty , king george iii issued the royal proclamation of 1763 on october 7 , 1763 , which outlined the division and administration of the newly conquered territory , and to some extent continues to govern relations between the government of modern canada and the first nations .
the second , as-202 on august 25 , reached 617.1 nautical miles ( 1,142.9 km ) altitude and was recovered 13,900 nautical miles ( 25,700 km ) downrange in the pacific ocean .
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 .
once a pathogen has been engulfed by a phagocyte , it becomes trapped in an intracellular vesicle called a phagosome , which subsequently fuses with another vesicle called a lysosome to form a phagolysosome .
" ikh zasag law adopted during genghis khan ’ s time in mongolia had points to punish illegal matters related to corruption and bribery very heavily , " mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj noted .
on april 20 , kennedy sent a memo to vice president lyndon b. johnson , asking johnson to look into the status of america 's space program , and into programs that could offer nasa the opportunity to catch up .
jacksonville has the country 's tenth-largest arab population , with a total population of 5,751 according to the 2000 united states census .
many words , however , appear to be used exclusively in newcastle and the surrounding area , such as " canny " ( a versatile word meaning " good " , " nice " or " very " ) , " hacky " ( " dirty " ) , " netty " ( " toilet " ) , " hoy " ( " throw " , from the dutch gooien , via west frisian ) , " hockle " ( " spit " ) .
upon arrival , tesla realized that the company , then under construction , was not functional , so he worked as a draftsman in the central telegraph office instead .
through combining the definition of electric current as the time rate of change of electric charge , a rule of vector multiplication called lorentz 's law describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field .
as part of this merger , the network would have been renamed " abc-dumont " for five years , and dumont would have received $ 5 million in cash , room on the schedule for existing dumont programming , and guaranteed advertising time for dumont laboratories receivers .
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) .
he died in 1227 after defeating the western xia .
for those who proceed to secondary level , there is a national examination at the end of form four – the kenya certificate of secondary education ( kcse ) , which determines those proceeding to the universities , other professional training or employment .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
the apollo program succeeded in achieving its goal of manned lunar landing , despite the major setback of a 1967 apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test .
the ruhr currently provides the region with drinking water .
there are eleven lea-funded 11 to 18 schools and seven independent schools with sixth forms in newcastle .
this traditional name continues as the standard in the united states , but it obscures the fact that indians fought on both sides of the conflict , and that this was part of the seven years ' war , a much larger conflict between france and great britain .
a site was chosen in houston , texas , on land donated by rice university , and administrator webb announced the conversion on september 19 , 1961. it was also clear nasa would soon outgrow its practice of controlling missions from its cape canaveral air force station launch facilities in florida , so a new mission control center would be included in the msc .
[ citation needed ] since ireland refused to consent to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 , there remains one commissioner for each of the 28 member states , including the president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ( currently federica mogherini ) .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
during his second year of study at graz , tesla developed a passion for ( and became very proficient at ) billiards , chess and card-playing , sometimes spending more than 48 hours in a stretch at a gaming table .
he helped bring about ideas for many series including happy days ( which originated as a segment on the anthology series love , american style ) , as well as several soap operas ; however , eisner 's main credit at abc was for developing youth-oriented programming .
daniel burke departed from capital cities/abc in february 1994 , with thomas murphy taking over as president before ceding control to robert iger .
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng .
for instance , if a problem x can be solved using an algorithm for y , x is no more difficult than y , and we say that x reduces to y. there are many different types of reductions , based on the method of reduction , such as cook reductions , karp reductions and levin reductions , and the bound on the complexity of reductions , such as polynomial-time reductions or log-space reductions .
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation .
the secondary level includes schools offering years 7 through 12 ( year twelve is known as lower sixth ) and year 13 ( upper sixth ) .
since september 2004 , the official home of the scottish parliament has been a new scottish parliament building , in the holyrood area of edinburgh .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
when johnson was seen as the larger threat , vaudreuil sent dieskau to fort st. frédéric to meet that threat .
the effect of luther 's intervention was immediate .
despite being heavily outgunned and outnumbered , the ghetto held out for almost a month .
martin luther married katharina von bora , one of 12 nuns he had helped escape from the nimbschen cistercian convent in april 1523 , when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels .
this treatise is currently in the nikola tesla museum archive in belgrade .
this forced the emperor xuanzong to move his capital south to kaifeng , abandoning the northern half of his kingdom to the mongols .
luther devised the catechism as a method of imparting the basics of christianity to the congregations .
in the analog versions of these experiments , horizontal layers of sand are pulled along a lower surface into a back stop , which results in realistic-looking patterns of faulting and the growth of a critically tapered ( all angles remain the same ) orogenic wedge .
in 1967 , manuel blum developed an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms and proved an important result , the so-called , speed-up theorem .
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923. during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa .
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated .
in bays where they occur in very high numbers , predation by ctenophores may control the populations of small zooplanktonic organisms such as copepods , which might otherwise wipe out the phytoplankton ( planktonic plants ) , which are a vital part of marine food chains .
in the years after these rumors , neither tesla nor edison won the prize ( although edison did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1915 and tesla did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1937 ) .
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) .
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest .
since its invention in 1269 , the 'phags-pa script , a unified script for spelling mongolian , tibetan , and chinese languages , was preserved in the court until the end of the dynasty .
isaac surrendered and was confined with silver chains , because richard had promised that he would not place him in irons .
it was only in 1489 that the venetians acquired full control of the island , which remained a christian stronghold until the fall of famagusta in 1571 .
doctor who books have been published from the mid-sixties through to the present day .
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " wir glauben all an einen gott " ( " we all believe in one true god " ) is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism .
moreover , in 2011 and 2012 , the united methodist church 's general board of church and society called on all united methodists to abstain from alcohol for lent .
southern california contains a mediterranean climate , with infrequent rain and many sunny days .
in early 1954 , genghis khan 's bier and relics were returned to the lord 's enclosure in mongolia .
because the csm design was started early before the selection of lunar orbit rendezvous , the service propulsion engine was sized to lift the csm off of the moon , and thus was oversized to about twice the thrust required for translunar flight .
stadtholder william iii of orange , who later became king of england , emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv after the french attacked the dutch republic in 1672. william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
the min system manages the placement of the z-ring , ensuring that the chloroplast is cleaved more or less evenly .
gandhi 's acts have been described as revolutionary civil disobedience .
kenya 's services sector , which contributes 61 % of gdp , is dominated by tourism .
this makes the apicoplast an attractive target for drugs to cure apicomplexan-related diseases .
euplokamis ' tentilla have three types of movement that are used in capturing prey : they may flick out very quickly ( in 40 to 60 milliseconds ) ; they can wriggle , which may lure prey by behaving like small planktonic worms ; and they coil round prey .
closely related fields in theoretical computer science are analysis of algorithms and computability theory .
kublai created the imperial academy of medicine to manage medical treatises and the education of new doctors .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
in 1993 , for the franchise 's 30th anniversary , another charity special , titled dimensions in time was produced for children in need , featuring all of the surviving actors who played the doctor and a number of previous companions .
cryptophytes , or cryptomonads are a group of algae that contain a red-algal derived chloroplast .
first the crew noticed a strange odor in their spacesuits , which delayed the sealing of the hatch .
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays .
st joseph 's college , gregory terrace , saint ignatius ' college , riverview , st gregory 's college , campbelltown , st aloysius ' college ( sydney ) and st joseph 's college , hunters hill , as well as loreto kirribilli , monte sant angelo mercy college , st ursula 's college and loreto normanhurst for girls .
in his many notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon , he attributed the skin damage to various causes .
it is currently the fastest growing sector of the pharmaceutical industry with 19 of 28 newly fda approved medications in 2013 being specialty drugs .
one of them decided to stay on the coast of denmark and can be seen sitting at the entrance to the port of copenhagen .
he fled from gallifrey in a stolen mark i type 40 tardis – " time and relative dimension in space " – time machine which allows him to travel across time and space .
members business is a debate on a motion proposed by an msp who is not a scottish minister .
melanocytes ) into tumors called melanomas .
at the end of this speech , luther raised his arm " in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout . "
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
an element p of r is called prime element if it is neither zero nor a unit ( i.e. , does not have a multiplicative inverse ) and satisfies the following requirement : given x and y in r such that p divides the product xy , then p divides x or y. an element is irreducible if it is not a unit and can not be written as a product of two ring elements that are not units .
although most are non-aligned , some of the best known independent schools also belong to the large , long-established religious foundations , such as the anglican church , uniting church and presbyterian church , but in most cases , they do not insist on their students ’ religious allegiance .
the four general questions available to opposition leaders are :
as it developed , the new empire took on roles of trade with france , supplying raw materials and purchasing manufactured items , as well as lending prestige to the motherland and spreading french civilization and language as well as catholicism .
the treaty of versailles and this particular provision , in general , caused much resentment in germany and is often cited as helping adolf hitler 's rise to power .
in july 2013 , the english high court of justice found that microsoft ’ s use of the term " skydrive " infringed on sky ’ s right to the " sky " trademark .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts are in dvb-compliant mpeg-2 , with the sky movies and sky box office channels including optional dolby digital soundtracks for recent films , although these are only accessible with a sky+ box .
while this effect is manifested macroscopically as a structural force , it is technically only the result of the existence of a finite set of electron states .
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg .
spinach leaves grown under green light have been observed to contain many large dumbbell-shaped chloroplasts .
ironically , just such a failure happened on apollo 13 when an oxygen tank explosion left the command ship without electrical power .
in this way , kenya became an independent country under the kenya independence act 1963 of the united kingdom .
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section .
although by 1000 ce , the germanic conquest of central , western , and southern europe ( west of and including italy ) was complete , excluding only muslim iberia .
the first of these was the " dalekmania " period ( circa 1964–1965 ) , when the popularity of the daleks regularly brought doctor who ratings of between 9 and 14 million , even for stories which did not feature them .
it was shown by ladner that if p ≠ np then there exist problems in np that are neither in p nor np-complete .
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982. this building is of concrete and very functional , the only embellishment being the iron gates by christopher hay and douglas coyne of the royal college of art .
chinese printing technology was transferred to the mongols through kingdom of qocho and tibetan intermediaries .
later under genghis khan 's grandson batu and the golden horde , the mongols returned to conquer volga bulgaria and kievan rus ' in 1237 , concluding the campaign in 1240 .
throughout the history of education the most common form of school discipline was corporal punishment .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
soon after , much of tesla 's early research—hundreds of invention models , plans , notes , laboratory data , tools , photographs , valued at $ 50,000—was lost in the 5th avenue laboratory fire of march 1895. tesla is quoted by the new york times as saying , " i am in too much grief to talk .
otherwise , the physician has a financial self-interest in " diagnosing " as many conditions as possible , and in exaggerating their seriousness , because he or she can then sell more medications to the patient .
bskyb launched its hdtv service , sky+ hd , on 22 may 2006. prior to its launch , bskyb claimed that 40,000 people had registered to receive the hd service .
ranging from about 1 millimeter ( 0.039 in ) to 1.5 meters ( 4.9 ft ) in size , ctenophores are the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia ( " hairs " ) as their main method of locomotion .
in many countries , a person who wishes to become a teacher must first obtain specified professional qualifications or credentials from a university or college .
plastoglobuli were once thought to be free-floating in the stroma , but it is now thought that they are permanently attached either to a thylakoid or to another plastoglobulus attached to a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network .
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water .
for instance , the time hierarchy theorem tells us that p is strictly contained in exptime , and the space hierarchy theorem tells us that l is strictly contained in pspace .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes , probabilistic ( or " monte carlo " ) and deterministic algorithms .
an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech , and he died shortly afterwards at 2:45 a.m. on 18 february 1546 , aged 62 , in eisleben , the city of his birth .
:208 kenneth swezey , a journalist whom tesla had befriended , confirmed that tesla rarely slept .
the annual status of education report ( aser ) , which evaluates learning levels in rural india , has been reporting poorer academic achievement in government schools than in private schools .
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) .
operating since 1793 and founded as a ‘ conversation club , ’ its lecture theatre was the first public building to be lit by electric light , during a lecture by joseph swan on 20 october 1880 .
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick .
möngke khan commenced a military campaign against the chinese song dynasty in southern china .
this decreed that it would be occupied by the allies , until 1935 and after that , it would be a demilitarised zone , with the german army forbidden to enter .
meanwhile , the new lows hit by brothers & sisters led to its cancellation , and the previous year 's only drama renewal , v , also failed to earn another season after a low-rated midseason run .
immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections .
apollo 8 was planned to be the d mission in december 1968 , crewed by mcdivitt , scott and schweickart , launched on a saturn v instead of two saturn ibs .
newcastle 's gay scene - 'the pink triangle ' - is centred on the times square area near the centre for life and has a range of bars , cafés and clubs .
in the coming decades , pharmacists are expected to become more integral within the health care system .
" nun komm , der heiden heiland " ( now come , savior of the gentiles ) , based on veni redemptor gentium , became the main hymn ( hauptlied ) for advent .
it extended its operations to television in 1948 , following in the footsteps of established broadcast networks cbs and nbc .
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies .
in 1970 , the fcc voted to pass the financial interest and syndication rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any of the prime time programming that they broadcast .
the proposal was sent to washington , d.c. with a strong advocate in senator milton latham .
using handheld gps devices and programs like google earth , members of the trio tribe , who live in the rainforests of southern suriname , map out their ancestral lands to help strengthen their territorial claims .
all schools in south africa ( including both independent schools and public schools ) have the right to set compulsory school fees , and formerly model c schools tend to set much higher school fees than other public schools .
teacher enthusiasm may contribute to a classroom atmosphere full of energy and enthusiasm which feed student interest and excitement in learning the subject matter .
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block .
the bubonic plague mechanism was also dependent on two populations of rodents : one resistant to the disease , which act as hosts , keeping the disease endemic , and a second that lack resistance .
chloroplasts alone make almost all of a plant cell 's amino acids in their stroma except the sulfur-containing ones like cysteine and methionine .
the two official languages , english and swahili , are used in varying degrees of fluency for communication with other populations .
we will commit sins while we are here , for this life is not a place where justice resides . "
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " .
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion .
the earth 's mantle , of much larger mass than the crust , is largely composed of silicates of magnesium and iron .
his poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments .
some broadcasts are free-to-air and unencrypted , some are encrypted but do not require a monthly subscription ( known as free-to-view ) , some are encrypted and require a monthly subscription , and some are pay-per-view services .
second , the violent actions of rebelling , robbing , and plundering placed the peasants " outside the law of god and empire " , so they deserved " death in body and soul , if only as highwaymen and murderers . "
thus , wages can be considered as a function of market price of skill .
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment .
tesla went to maribor ( now in slovenia ) , where he worked as a draftsman for 60 florins a month .
in 2012-2013 , the core classes at chicago were limited to 17 students , and are generally led by a full-time professor ( as opposed to a teaching assistant ) .
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk .
robert lawrence argues that technological innovation and automation has meant that low-skilled jobs have been replaced by machine labor in wealthier nations , and that wealthier countries no longer have significant numbers of low-skilled manufacturing workers that could be affected by competition from poor countries .
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments .
prior to october 2005 , three bskyb channels were available on this platform : sky news , sky three , and sky sports news .
the names of at least six daughters are known , and while they played significant roles behind the scenes during his lifetime , no documents have survived that definitively provide the number or names of daughters born to the consorts of genghis khan .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
luther 's rediscovery of " christ and his salvation " was the first of two points that became the foundation for the reformation .
luther confirmed he was their author , but requested time to think about the answer to the second question .
the 2013–14 season was a slight improvement for abc with three new hits in the goldbergs , agents of s.h.i.e.l.d .
indeed , one of the first clues that the phlogiston theory was incorrect was that metals , too , gain weight in rusting ( when they were supposedly losing phlogiston ) .
unlike a traditional community pharmacy where prescriptions for any common medication can be brought in and filled , specialty pharmacies carry novel medications that need to be properly stored , administered , carefully monitored , and clinically managed .
between the lobes on either side of the mouth , many species of lobates have four auricles , gelatinous projections edged with cilia that produce water currents that help direct microscopic prey toward the mouth .
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900. james bryant conant led the university through the great depression and world war ii and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war .
as opposed to broadcasts of primetime series , cbs broadcast special episodes of its late night talk shows as its lead-out programs for super bowl 50 , beginning with a special episode of the late show with stephen colbert following the game .
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality .
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons .
first , linebacker shaq thompson tackled ronnie hillman for a 3-yard loss .
the waxy cuticle of many leaves , the exoskeleton of insects , the shells and membranes of externally deposited eggs , and skin are examples of mechanical barriers that are the first line of defense against infection .
in an optical mineralogy analysis , thin sections of rock samples are analyzed through a petrographic microscope , where the minerals can be identified through their different properties in plane-polarized and cross-polarized light , including their birefringence , pleochroism , twinning , and interference properties with a conoscopic lens .
one of the most spectacular items in the collection is the chandelier by dale chihuly in the rotunda at the museum 's main entrance .
following a referendum in 1997 , in which the scottish electorate voted for devolution , the current parliament was convened by the scotland act 1998 , which sets out its powers as a devolved legislature .
since the 1970s , numerous geoglyphs have been discovered on deforested land dating between ad 0–1250 , furthering claims about pre-columbian civilizations .
an oscillating cylinder steam engine is a variant of the simple expansion steam engine which does not require valves to direct steam into and out of the cylinder .
in its harshest form it preached that muslims should not only " always oppose " infidels " in every way , " but " hate them for their religion ... for allah 's sake , " that democracy " is responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century , " that shia and other non-wahhabi muslims were infidels , etc .
under conditions such as high atmospheric co2 concentrations , these starch grains may grow very large , distorting the grana and thylakoids .
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003. other lesser known groups include the islamic liberation party , salvation from hell and takfir wal-hijra , and these groups have variously been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures , arson of video shops and attempted takeovers of government buildings .
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements .
published at a time of rising demand for german-language publications , luther 's version quickly became a popular and influential bible translation .
during the first sino-japanese war in 1894 , japan absorbed taiwan .
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza .
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities .
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water .
initially built with three layers , it later ( 1982 ) evolved into a seven-layer osi-compliant networking protocol .
much of southern california is famous for its large , spread-out , suburban communities and use of automobiles and highways .
harvard 's $ 37.6 billion financial endowment is the largest of any academic institution .
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323. he continued his father 's policies to reform the government based on the confucian principles , with the help of his newly appointed grand chancellor baiju .
however , abc 's issues with its transition to color became secondary compared to the network 's financial problems ; in 1964 , the network found itself , as goldenson later wrote in the 1991 book " beating the odds : the untold story behind the rise of abc " , " in the middle of a war [ where ] the battlefield was wall street " .
itv were the current rights holders , and fought hard to retain the new rights .
in southern california there are also twelve cities with more than 200,000 residents and 34 cities over 100,000 in population .
the greatest distinction of an empire is through the amount of land that a nation has conquered and expanded .
the program passed into history by 1910 .
what all these models have in common is that the machines operate deterministically .
while the market will bid up compensation for rare and desired skills to reward wealth creation , greater productivity , etc. , it will also prevent successful entrepreneurs from earning excess profits by fostering competition to cut prices , profits and large compensation .
black 's law dictionary includes non-violence in its definition of civil disobedience .
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of 874.3 square miles ( 2,264 km2 ) , making jacksonville the largest city in land area in the contiguous united states ; of this , 86.66 % ( 757.7 sq mi or 1,962 km2 ) is land and ; 13.34 % ( 116.7 sq mi or 302 km2 ) is water .
the logo also deviates from the template by featuring large numerals , colored in gold , behind the vince lombardi trophy , instead of underneath and in silver as in the standard logo .
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " .
luther wrote " aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir " ( " from depths of woe i cry to you " ) in 1523 as a hymnic version of psalm 130 and sent it as a sample to encourage evangelical colleagues to write psalm-hymns for use in german worship .
one of the most famous people born in warsaw was maria skłodowska-curie , who achieved international recognition for her research on radioactivity and was the first female recipient of the nobel prize .
having deduced such proper set inclusions , we can proceed to make quantitative statements about how much more additional time or space is needed in order to increase the number of problems that can be solved .
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased .
the codex consists of three parchment-bound manuscripts , forster i , forster ii , and forster iii , quite small in size , dated between 1490 and 1505. their contents include a large collection of sketches and references to the equestrian sculpture commissioned by the duke of milan ludovico sforza to commemorate his father francesco sforza .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
in 1914 developers billings & meyering acquired the tract , completed street development , provided the last of the necessary municipal improvements including water service , and began marketing the property with fervor .
skylab 's last crew departed the station on february 8 , 1974 , and the station itself re-entered the atmosphere in 1979 , by which time it had become the oldest operational apollo-saturn component .
gegeen was assassinated in a coup involving five princes from a rival faction , perhaps steppe elite opposed to confucian reforms .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
for many years , sudan had an islamist regime under the leadership of hassan al-turabi .
today , the tower district is also known as the center of fresno 's lgbt and hipster communities .
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america .
bethencourt took the title of king of the canary islands , as vassal to henry iii of castile .
at a pre-arranged announced time , one at a time they stepped across the " line " and were immediately arrested .
the french population numbered about 75,000 and was heavily concentrated along the st. lawrence river valley , with some also in acadia ( present-day new brunswick and parts of nova scotia , including île royale ( present-day cape breton island ) ) .
treaties apply as soon as they enter into force , unless stated otherwise , and are generally concluded for an unlimited period .
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down .
the program returned 842 pounds ( 382 kg ) of lunar rocks and soil to earth , greatly contributing to the understanding of the moon 's composition and geological history .
dendritic cells ( dc ) are phagocytes in tissues that are in contact with the external environment ; therefore , they are located mainly in the skin , nose , lungs , stomach , and intestines .
his father was shi bingzhi ( 史秉直 , shih ping-chih ) .
while constitutional law concerns the european union 's governance structure , administrative law binds eu institutions and member states to follow the law .
f and −f are equal in magnitude and opposite in direction .
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality .
in an interview with newspaper editor arthur brisbane , tesla said that he did not believe in telepathy , stating , " suppose i made up my mind to murder you , " he said , " in a second you would know it .
the logo is displayed on-air , online and in print advertising in four variants shading the respective color used with the circle design 's native black coloring : a gold version is primarily used on entertainment-oriented outlets ( such as abc.com , watch abc , and by abc studios ) and the on-screen bug ; steel blue and dark grey versions are used primarily by abc news ; a red version is used for espn on abc , while all four variants are used selectively in advertising and by affiliates .
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch .
on 31 october 1517 , luther wrote to his bishop , albert of mainz , protesting the sale of indulgences .
he had an older brother named dane and three sisters , milka , angelina and marica .
materials readily available in the area generally dictate the construction materials used ( e.g .
acetone ( ( ch 3 ) 2co ) and phenol ( c 6h 5oh ) are used as feeder materials in the synthesis of many different substances .
dna becomes susceptible to deamination events when it is single stranded .
after he died , his body was returned to mongolia and presumably to his birthplace in khentii aimag , where many assume he is buried somewhere close to the onon river and the burkhan khaldun mountain ( part of the kentii mountain range ) .
in against the murderous , thieving hordes of peasants , written on his return to wittenberg , he gave his interpretation of the gospel teaching on wealth , condemned the violence as the devil 's work , and called for the nobles to put down the rebels like mad dogs :
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism .
once mutual 's appeals against the fcc were rejected , rca decided to sell nbc blue in 1941 , and gave the mandate to do so to mark woods .
economist branko milanovic , wrote in 2001 that , " the view that income inequality harms growth – or that improved equality can help sustain growth – has become more widely held in recent years .
after spain ceded the florida territory to the united states in 1821 , american settlers on the north side of the cow ford decided to plan a town , laying out the streets and plats .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
one class of non-self molecules are called antigens ( short for antibody generators ) and are defined as substances that bind to specific immune receptors and elicit an immune response .
his last sermon was delivered at eisleben , his place of birth , on 15 february 1546 , three days before his death .
luther 's concern thus in separating them is honoring their different epistemological spheres .
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible .
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns .
the movement which would become the united methodist church began in the mid-18th century within the church of england .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism .
one of these is dominated by a full-scale replica of trajan 's column , cut in half in order to fit under the ceiling .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
in his theses and disputations against the antinomians , luther reviews and reaffirms , on the one hand , what has been called the " second use of the law , " that is , the law as the holy spirit 's tool to work sorrow over sin in man 's heart , thus preparing him for christ 's fulfillment of the law offered in the gospel .
however , there was a riot at buckland valley near bright in 1857. conditions on the gold fields were cramped and unsanitary ; an outbreak of typhoid at buckland valley in 1854 killed over 1,000 miners .
she gives a stirring speech in which she tells him that she must obey her conscience rather than human law .
it was the third-most watched u.s. broadcast ever .
central business districts ( cbd ) include downtown los angeles , downtown san diego , downtown san bernardino , downtown bakersfield , south coast metro and downtown riverside .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
it is likely that a multicomponent , adaptive immune system arose with the first vertebrates , as invertebrates do not generate lymphocytes or an antibody-based humoral response .
in against the murderous , thieving hordes of peasants , written on his return to wittenberg , he gave his interpretation of the gospel teaching on wealth , condemned the violence as the devil 's work , and called for the nobles to put down the rebels like mad dogs :
tolui , genghis khan 's youngest son , was not to be his successor because he was the youngest and in the mongol culture , youngest sons were not given much responsibility due to their age .
as of august 2009 [ update ] , the chairman of the board of trustees is andrew alper , and the president of the university is robert zimmer .
the better jacksonville plan , promoted as a blueprint for jacksonville 's future and approved by jacksonville voters in 2000 , authorized a half-penny sales tax .
southern california is also home to the port of los angeles , the united states ' busiest commercial port ; the adjacent port of long beach , the united states ' second busiest container port ; and the port of san diego .
on april 12 , 1961 , soviet cosmonaut yuri gagarin became the first person to fly in space , reinforcing american fears about being left behind in a technological competition with the soviet union .
this stage comprises two parts : consideration of amendments to the bill as a general debate , and a final vote on the bill .
the legislature of the european union is principally composed of the european parliament and the council of the european union , which under the treaties may establish secondary law to pursue the objective set out in the treaties .
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek .
these sequences of photographs taken a fraction of a second apart capture images of different animals and humans performimg various actions .
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network .
treaties apply as soon as they enter into force , unless stated otherwise , and are generally concluded for an unlimited period .
johnson responded approximately one week later , concluding that " we are neither making maximum effort nor achieving results necessary if this country is to reach a position of leadership . "
in works such as la nativité du seigneur ( 1935 ) and quatre études de rythme ( 1949–50 ) , he simultaneously employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers to create unpredictable rhythms : the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in the third étude , " neumes rythmiques " .
legally , the central bridge is the boundary between high and upper rhine .
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries .
in practice , equality and democracy are deficient because the elected representatives in the parliament can not initiate legislation against the commission 's wishes , citizens of smallest countries have ten times the voting weight in parliament as citizens of the largest countries , and " qualified majorities " or consensus of the council are required to legislate .
southern california consists of a heavily developed urban environment , home to some of the largest urban areas in the state , along with vast areas that have been left undeveloped .
students do not pay tuition fees , but some extra costs are levied .
southern california is divided culturally , politically , and economically into distinctive regions , each containing its own culture and atmosphere , anchored usually by a city with both national and sometimes global recognition , which are often the hub of economic activity for its respective region and being home to many tourist destinations .
luther insisted on the real presence of the body and blood of christ in the consecrated bread and wine , which he called the sacramental union , while his opponents believed god to be only spiritually or symbolically present .
hollywood , a district within los angeles , is also a name associated with the motion picture industry .
the network hired the troika design group to design and produce its 2001–02 identity , which continued using the black-and-yellow coloring of the logo and featured dots and stripes in various promotional and identification spots .
moreover , the doctor of pharmacy ( pharm . d. ) degree is now required before entering practice and some pharmacists now complete one or two years of residency or fellowship training following graduation .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
today , justifying grace is also known as conversion , " accepting jesus as your personal lord and savior , " or being " born again " .
one square millimeter of leaf tissue can contain half a million chloroplasts .
the funeral was held by his friends johannes bugenhagen and philipp melanchthon .
cbs introduced new features during the telecast , including pylon cameras and microphones along with eyevision 360—an array of 36 cameras along the upper deck that can be used to provide a 360-degree view of plays and " bullet time " effects .
the u.s. government has engaged in efforts to counter islamism , or violent islamism , since 2001. these efforts were centred in the u.s. around public diplomacy programmes conducted by the state department .
tesla could be harsh at times and openly expressed disgust for overweight people , such as when he fired a secretary because of her weight .
albert einstein extended the principle of inertia further when he explained that reference frames subject to constant acceleration , such as those free-falling toward a gravitating object , were physically equivalent to inertial reference frames .
abc became an aggressive competitor to nbc and cbs when , continuing nbc blue 's traditions of public service , it aired symphony performances conducted by paul whiteman , performances from the metropolitan opera , and jazz concerts aired as part of its broadcast of the chamber music society of lower basin street announced by milton cross .
saint-pierre said , " as to the summons you send me to retire , i do not think myself obliged to obey it . "
tesla obtained around 300 patents worldwide for his inventions .
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen .
san francisco city supervisor jane kim unsuccessfully lobbied for the nfl to reimburse san francisco for city services in the amount of $ 5 million .
scientists at the brazilian national institute of amazonian research argue in the article that this drought response , coupled with the effects of deforestation on regional climate , are pushing the rainforest towards a " tipping point " where it would irreversibly start to die .
the time element in construction means that a delay costs money , and in cases of bottlenecks , the delay can be extremely expensive .
gatherings of thousands of people on the banks of the vistula on midsummer ’ s night for a festival called wianki ( polish for wreaths ) have become a tradition and a yearly event in the programme of cultural events in warsaw .
however , these characteristics actually result from the pauli exclusion principle .
not until 1798 was henry cavendish able to make the first measurement of using a torsion balance ; this was widely reported in the press as a measurement of the mass of the earth since knowing could allow one to solve for the earth 's mass given the above equation .
a tundra , with ice age flora and fauna , stretched across middle europe , from asia to the atlantic ocean .
the main elements of this rift are the upper rhine graben , in southwest germany and eastern france and the lower rhine embayment , in northwest germany and the southeastern netherlands .
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
after al-nimeiry was overthrown in 1985 the party did poorly in national elections , but in 1989 it was able to overthrow the elected post-al-nimeiry government with the help of the military .
it is home to 60 % of australia 's 3 million dairy cattle and produces nearly two-thirds of the nation 's milk , almost 6.4 billion litres .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
until the all-channel receiver act ( passed by congress in 1961 ) mandated the inclusion of uhf tuning , most viewers needed to purchase a converter to be able to watch uhf stations , and the signal quality was marginal at best even with a converter .
jaime weston , the league 's vice president of brand and creative , explained that a primary reason for the change was the difficulty of designing an aesthetically pleasing logo with the letter " l " using the standardized logo template introduced at super bowl xlv .
in scotland , anyone wishing to teach must be registered with the general teaching council for scotland ( gtcs ) .
for exercise , tesla walked between 8 to 10 miles per day .
as an incentive for absolute obedience and following his rule of law , the yassa code , temüjin promised civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils .
the english name " normans " comes from the french words normans/normanz , plural of normant , modern french normand , which is itself borrowed from old low franconian nortmann " northman " or directly from old norse norðmaðr , latinized variously as nortmannus , normannus , or nordmannus ( recorded in medieval latin , 9th century ) to mean " norseman , viking " .
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia .
the french protestant church of london was established by royal charter in 1550. it is now located at soho square .
the phylum has a wide range of body forms , including the flattened , deep-sea platyctenids , in which the adults of most species lack combs , and the coastal beroids , which lack tentacles and prey on other ctenophores by using huge mouths armed with groups of large , stiffened cilia that act as teeth .
radical islamist organizations like al-qaeda and the egyptian islamic jihad , and groups such as the taliban , entirely reject democracy , often declaring as kuffar those muslims who support it ( see takfirism ) , as well as calling for violent/offensive jihad or urging and conducting attacks on a religious basis .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
after petitioning the british crown in 1697 for the right to own land in the baronies , they prospered as slave owners on the cooper , ashepoo , ashley and santee river plantations they purchased from the british landgrave edmund bellinger .
derived from william ellery channing and ralph waldo emerson , these convictions were focused on the dignity and worth of human nature , the right and ability of each person to perceive truth , and the indwelling god in each person .
tvontario picked up the show in 1976 beginning with the three doctors and aired each series ( several years late ) through to series 24 in 1991. from 1979 to 1981 , tvo airings were bookended by science-fiction writer judith merril who would introduce the episode and then , after the episode concluded , try to place it in an educational context in keeping with tvo 's status as an educational channel .
it was opened in five phases between 1980 and 1984 , and was britain 's first urban light rail transit system ; two extensions were opened in 1991 and 2002. it was developed from a combination of existing and newly built tracks and stations , with deep-level tunnels constructed through newcastle city centre .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
before genghis khan died , he assigned ögedei khan as his successor and split his empire into khanates among his sons and grandsons .
the show 's premise is that this is a life process of time lords through which the character of the doctor takes on a new body and , to some extent , new personality , which occurs after sustaining an injury which would be fatal to most other species .
nathan alterman , the israeli poet , was born in warsaw , as was moshe vilenski , the israeli composer , lyricist , and pianist , who studied music at the warsaw conservatory .
the education service contracting scheme of the government provides financial assistance for tuition and other school fees of students turned away from public high schools because of enrollment overflows .
during his employment , tesla made many improvements to the central station equipment and claimed to have perfected a telephone repeater or amplifier , which was never patented nor publicly described .
one of the later ruptures between toghrul and temüjin was toghrul 's refusal to give his daughter in marriage to jochi , the eldest son of temüjin , a sign of disrespect in the mongolian culture .
interactive services and 7-day epg use the proprietary opentv system , with set-top boxes including modems for a return path .
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise .
warsaw , especially its city centre ( śródmieście ) , is home not only to many national institutions and government agencies , but also to many domestic and international companies .
during the divestment from south africa movement in the late 1980s , student activists erected a symbolic " shantytown " on harvard yard and blockaded a speech given by south african vice consul duke kent-brown .
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock .
in 1781 james watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotary motion .
in 1784 , after unsuccessful attempts to have the church of england send a bishop to start a new church in the colonies , wesley decisively appointed fellow priest thomas coke as superintendent ( bishop ) to organize a separate methodist society .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
also , with the advent of the internet , many teachers are now selling their lesson plans to other teachers through the web in order to earn supplemental income , most notably on teacherspayteachers.com .
after the revocation of the edict of nantes , the dutch republic received the largest group of huguenot refugees , an estimated total of 75,000 to 100,000 people .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
the centre refreshment room 1865–77 was designed in a renaissance style by james gamble , the walls and even the ionic columns are covered in decorative and moulded ceramic tile , the ceiling consists of elaborate designs on enamelled metal sheets and matching stained-glass windows , the marble fireplace was designed and sculpted by alfred stevens and was removed from dorchester house prior to that building 's demolition in 1929. the grill room 1876–81 was designed by sir edward poynter , the lower part of the walls consist of blue and white tiles with various figures and foliage enclosed by wood panelling , above there are large tiled scenes with figures depicting the four seasons and the twelve months these were painted by ladies from the art school then based in the museum , the windows are also stained glass , there is an elaborate cast-iron grill still in place .
the antichrist of 2 thessalonians 2 was identified as the power of the papacy .
teachers that spend more time interacting and working directly with students are perceived as supportive and effective teachers .
heading home , subutai 's forces attacked the allied forces of the cuman–kipchaks and the poorly coordinated 80,000 kievan rus ' troops led by mstislav the bold of halych and mstislav iii of kiev who went out to stop the mongols ' actions in the area .
when they were first observed in 1962 , some plant biologists dismissed the structures as artifactual , claiming that stromules were just oddly shaped chloroplasts with constricted regions or dividing chloroplasts .
adaptive ( or acquired ) immunity creates immunological memory after an initial response to a specific pathogen , leading to an enhanced response to subsequent encounters with that same pathogen .
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army .
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards .
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice .
the justification for this is that a lack of education leads directly to lower incomes , and thus lower aggregate savings and investment .
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm .
they set up a laboratory for tesla at 89 liberty street in manhattan where he worked on improving and developing new types of electric motors , generators and other devices .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
discovering that their formats seemed to appeal to their viewers , the network became the first to adopt them for a new national morning show , good morning america , which debuted on november 3 , 1975 .
water ( h2o ) and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) are used in photosynthesis , and sugar and oxygen ( o2 ) is made , using light energy .
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent .
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union .
buddhism ( especially tibetan buddhism ) flourished , although taoism endured certain persecutions in favor of buddhism from the yuan government .
although the spanish takeover of the louisiana territory ( which was not completed until 1769 ) had modest repercussions , the british takeover of spanish florida resulted in the westward migration of tribes that did not want to do business with the british , and a rise in tensions between the choctaw and the creek , historic enemies whose divisions the british at times exploited .
with the help of the magnetophon , abc was able to provide its stars with greater freedom in terms of time , and also attract several big names , such as bing crosby at a time when nbc and cbs did not allow pre-taped shows .
while many commute to l.a. and orange counties , there are some differences in development , as most of san bernardino and riverside counties ( the non-desert portions ) were developed in the 1980s and 1990s .
many questions regarding prime numbers remain open , such as goldbach 's conjecture ( that every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes ) , and the twin prime conjecture ( that there are infinitely many pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ) .
mohawk chief hendrick , speaker of their tribal council , insisted that the british abide by their obligations and block french expansion .
european union law is applied by the courts of member states and the court of justice of the european union .
the earliest of these featured the fifth , sixth and seventh doctors , with paul mcgann 's eight doctor joining the line in 2001. tom baker 's fourth doctor began appearing for big finish in 2012. along with the main range , adventures of the first , second and third doctors have been produced in both limited cast and full cast formats , as well as audiobooks .
the usual compromise solution has been to provide lap by lengthening rubbing surfaces of the valve in such a way as to overlap the port on the admission side , with the effect that the exhaust side remains open for a longer period after cut-off on the admission side has occurred .
he also built a wireless controlled boat , one of the first ever exhibited .
under the motto " the qur'an is our constitution , " it sought islamic revival through preaching and also by providing basic community services including schools , mosques , and workshops .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
stromules are very rare in chloroplasts , and are much more common in other plastids like chromoplasts and amyloplasts in petals and roots , respectively .
it is home to 60 % of australia 's 3 million dairy cattle and produces nearly two-thirds of the nation 's milk , almost 6.4 billion litres .
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary .
in december 1544 , he began to feel the effects of angina .
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials .
southern california , often abbreviated socal , is a geographic and cultural region that generally comprises california 's southernmost 10 counties .
the first commercially available audiobook was an abridged reading of the fourth doctor story state of decay in 1981. in 1988 , during a hiatus in the television show , slipback , the first radio drama , was transmitted .
all these molecules initiate retrograde signaling—signals from the chloroplast that regulate gene expression in the nucleus .
the situation in new france was further exacerbated by a poor harvest in 1757 , a difficult winter , and the allegedly corrupt machinations of françois bigot , the intendant of the territory .
as the andes mountains rose , however , a large basin was created that enclosed a lake ; now known as the solimões basin .
parties entrust some msps , known as whips , with the task of ensuring that party members vote according to the party line .
amazonian evergreen forests account for about 10 % of the world 's terrestrial primary productivity and 10 % of the carbon stores in ecosystems—of the order of 1.1 × 1011 metric tonnes of carbon .
the snp took 16 seats from labour , with many of their key figures not returned to parliament , although labour leader iain gray retained east lothian by 151 votes .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
victoria 's highest maximum temperature since world war ii , of 48.8 °c ( 119.8 °f ) was recorded in hopetoun on 7 february 2009 , during the 2009 southeastern australia heat wave .
the war in north america officially ended with the signing of the treaty of paris on 10 february 1763 , and war in the european theatre of the seven years ' war was settled by the treaty of hubertusburg on 15 february 1763. the british offered france the choice of surrendering either its continental north american possessions east of the mississippi or the caribbean islands of guadeloupe and martinique , which had been occupied by the british .
the acquisition of a feasible ac motor gave westinghouse a key patent in building a completely integrated ac system , but the financial strain of buying up patents and hiring the engineers needed to build it meant development of tesla 's motor had to be put on hold for a while .
on august 15 , 2008 , disney denied rumors started by caris & co. that it would be selling the ten abc owned-and-operated stations .
on 31 december 1687 the first organised group of huguenots set sail from the netherlands to the dutch east india company post at the cape of good hope .
they are divided into four classes ( type i – iv ) based on the mechanisms involved and the time course of the hypersensitive reaction .
later on , broncos receiver jordan norwood received brad nortman 's short 28-yard punt surrounded by panthers players , but none of them attempted to make a tackle , apparently thinking norwood had called a fair catch .
chloroplasts do not normally develop from proplastids in root tip meristems—instead , the formation of starch-storing amyloplasts is more common .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
the publication of a taoist text inscribed with the name of töregene khatun , ögedei 's wife , is one of the first printed works sponsored by the mongols .
johann eck , speaking on behalf of the empire as assistant of the archbishop of trier , presented luther with copies of his writings laid out on a table and asked him if the books were his , and whether he stood by their contents .
the role of " spiritual teacher " may be filled by many individuals in the lds church , often a trusted friend , who may hold any office , from elder to bishop , or no office at all .
most of these districts are located in northern san diego and some within north county regions .
the warsaw citadel , an impressive 19th-century fortification built after the defeat of the november uprising , was a place of martyr for the poles .
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick .
the current lit and phil premises were built in 1825 and the building was designed by john and benjamin green .
in the united kingdom and several other commonwealth countries including australia and canada , the use of the term is generally restricted to primary and secondary educational levels ; it is almost never used of universities and other tertiary institutions .
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier .
he continued to work on refining the translation until the end of his life .
a key difference between the government and private schools is that the medium of education in private schools is english while it is the local language in government schools .
the popular neighborhood known as the tower district is centered around the historic tower theatre , which is included on the national list of historic places .
there are many forms of spiritual or religious teachers in christianity , across all three major traditions - ( roman ) catholic , ( eastern ) orthodox catholic , and protestant/non-denominational , with a stronger tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical christian traditions with a long tradition of " discernment of spirits " , of vocations , and other aspects of spiritual life , especially the roman and orthodox catholic churches .
but stephen eilmann argues that if it is necessary to disobey rules that conflict with morality , we might ask why disobedience should take the form of public civil disobedience rather than simply covert lawbreaking .
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
its collection spans 5,000 years of art , from ancient times to the present day , from the cultures of europe , north america , asia and north africa .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
interethnic marriage between han and jurchen became common at this time .
in 1967 , manuel blum developed an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms and proved an important result , the so-called , speed-up theorem .
around 1685 , huguenot refugees found a safe haven in the lutheran and reformed states in germany and scandinavia .
their style was characterised by rounded arches , particularly over windows and doorways , and massive proportions .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
near the end of the battle the shah fled rather than surrender .
and the critically pilloried cop rock for abc earlier in the decade ) ; lasting ten seasons , the drama became known for its boundary pushing of network television standards ( particularly its occasional use of graphic language and rear nudity ) , which led some affiliates to initially refuse to air the show in its first season .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
a pair of carries by c. j. anderson moved the ball up 20 yards to the panthers 14-yard line , but carolina 's defense dug in over the next three plays .
all humans are sinners by nature , he explained , and god 's grace ( which can not be earned ) alone can make them just .
a simple but slow method of verifying the primality of a given number n is known as trial division .
following the conquest of dali in 1253 , the former ruling duan dynasty were appointed as governors-general , recognized as imperial officials by the yuan , ming , and qing-era governments , principally in the province of yunnan .
steven barkan writes that if defendants plead not guilty , " they must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine , or to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case and their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience . "
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche .
snow is a rarity ; the heaviest snowfall at the airport was 2.2 inches ( 0.06 m ) on january 21 , 1962 .
luther taught that salvation and subsequently eternal life is not earned by good deeds but is received only as a free gift of god 's grace through faith in jesus christ as redeemer from sin .
[ citation needed ] although imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years , the term " age of imperialism " generally refers to the activities of european powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century , for example , the " the great game " in persian lands , the " scramble for africa " and the " open door policy " in china .
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
according to imf staff economists , " if the income share of the top 20 percent ( the rich ) increases , then gdp growth actually declines over the medium term , suggesting that the benefits do not trickle down .
immune systems appear even in the structurally most simple forms of life , with bacteria using a unique defense mechanism , called the restriction modification system to protect themselves from viral pathogens , called bacteriophages .
this action was upheld because , according to the u.s. court of appeals for the first circuit , her statement suggested a lack of remorse , an attempt to avoid responsibility for her actions , and even a likelihood of repeating her illegal actions .
by condensing the fluid , the work required by the pump consumes only 1 % to 3 % of the turbine power and contributes to a much higher efficiency for a real cycle .
in groener v minister for education the court of justice accepted that a requirement to speak gaelic to teach in a dublin design college could be justified as part of the public policy of promoting the irish language , but only if the measure was not disproportionate .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030. in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight .
mao zedong once argued that the soviet union had itself become an imperialist power while maintaining a socialist façade .
in october , there is the design event festival—an annual festival providing the public with an opportunity to see work by regional , national and international designers .
on his 50th birthday in 1906 , tesla demonstrated his 200 horsepower ( 150 kilowatts ) 16,000 rpm bladeless turbine .
one of the largest objects in the collection is the spanish tempera on wood , 670 x 486 cm , retable of st george , c. 1400 , consisting of numerous scenes and painted by andrés marzal de sax in valencia .
at this time , none of the tribal confederations of mongolia were united politically , and arranged marriages were often used to solidify temporary alliances .
a 2013 report on nigeria suggests that growth has risen with increased income inequality .
this region includes territory belonging to nine nations .
three additional putative species were then found in the burgess shale and other canadian rocks of similar age , about 505 million years ago in the mid-cambrian period .
bedau also notes , though , that the very harmlessness of such entirely symbolic illegal protests toward public policy goals may serve a propaganda purpose .
a progressive tax is a tax by which the tax rate increases as the taxable base amount increases .
under this state , there was great religious freedom , and alongside the norman nobles existed a meritocratic bureaucracy of jews , muslims and christians , both catholic and eastern orthodox .
twelve actors have headlined the series as the doctor .
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals .
they also spread beyond europe to the dutch cape colony in south africa , the dutch east indies , the caribbean , and several of the english colonies of north america , and quebec , where they were accepted and allowed to worship freely .
tesla wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals .
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) .
following the series revival in 2005 , derek jacobi provided the character 's re-introduction in the 2007 episode " utopia " .
this was based on a congressional budget office report , a budgetary analysis of nasa 's new vision for space , september 2004. the space review estimated in 2010 the cost of apollo from 1959 to 1973 as $ 20.4 billion , or $ 109 billion in 2010 dollars .
british victories continued in all theaters in the annus mirabilis of 1759 , when they finally captured ticonderoga , james wolfe defeated montcalm at quebec ( in a battle that claimed the lives of both commanders ) , and victory at fort niagara successfully cut off the french frontier forts further to the west and south .
the colonization of india in the mid-18th century offers an example of this focus : there , the " british exploited the political weakness of the mughal state , and , while military activity was important at various times , the economic and administrative incorporation of local elites was also of crucial significance " for the establishment of control over the subcontinent 's resources , markets , and manpower .
however , the development of suburbs and a subsequent wave of middle class " white flight " left jacksonville with a much poorer population than before .
the last active huguenot congregation in north america worships in charleston , south carolina , at a church that dates to 1844. the huguenot society of america maintains manakin episcopal church in virginia as an historic shrine with occasional services .
fulton street in downtown fresno was fresno 's main financial and commercial district before being converted into one of the nation 's first pedestrian malls in 1964. renamed the fulton mall , the area contains the densest collection of historic buildings in fresno .
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy .
article 102 allows the european council to regulations to govern mergers between firms ( the current regulation is the regulation 139/2004/ec ) .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
kenyans generally have three meals in a day – breakfast in the morning ( kiamsha kinywa ) , lunch in the afternoon ( chakula cha mchana ) and supper in the evening ( chakula cha jioni or known simply as " chajio " ) .
after founding the mongol empire and being proclaimed " genghis khan " , he started the mongol invasions that resulted in the conquest of most of eurasia .
the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam can be derived from various sources , most commonly from burning combustible materials with an appropriate supply of air in a closed space ( called variously combustion chamber , firebox ) .
in 1999 , the times added a newer county—imperial—to that list .
the fundamental theorem of arithmetic continues to hold in unique factorization domains .
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " .
in the early years the college trained many puritan ministers .
from the death of augustus in ad 14 until after ad 70 , rome accepted as her germanic frontier the water-boundary of the rhine and upper danube .
the joe and rika mansueto library , built in 2011 , houses a large study space and an automatic book storage and retrieval system .
céloron threatened " old briton " with severe consequences if he continued to trade with the british .
mohamed morsi , an islamist democrat of muslim brotherhood , was the first democratically elected president of egypt .
the region is traditionally described as " eight counties " , based on demographics and economic ties : imperial , los angeles , orange , riverside , san bernardino , san diego , santa barbara , and ventura .
phosphorylation helps many proteins bind the polypeptide , keeping it from folding prematurely .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
luther 's small catechism proved especially effective in helping parents teach their children ; likewise the larger catechism was effective for pastors .
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality .
for example , e.i . du pont , a former student of lavoisier , established the eleutherian gunpowder mills .
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game .
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury .
it is conjectured there are infinitely many primes of the form n2 + 1. these conjectures are special cases of the broad schinzel 's hypothesis h. brocard 's conjecture says that there are always at least four primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2. legendre 's conjecture states that there is a prime number between n2 and ( n + 1 ) 2 for every positive integer n. it is implied by the stronger cramér 's conjecture .
duisburg is the home of europe 's largest inland port and functions as a hub to the sea ports of rotterdam , antwerp and amsterdam .
full citizenship rights – ‘ ’ assimilation ’ ’ – were offered , although in reality assimilation was always on the distant horizon .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring ( 500 points ) , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections .
strictly speaking datanet 1 only referred to the network and the connected users via leased lines ( using the x.121 dnic 2041 ) , the name also referred to the public pad service telepad ( using the dnic 2049 ) .
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise .
a recent molecular phylogenetics analysis concluded that the common ancestor of all modern ctenophores was cydippid-like , and that all the modern groups appeared relatively recently , probably after the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event 66 million years ago .
2001 found that among u.s states and canadian provinces there is a tenfold difference in homicide rates related to inequality .
the current subject committees in the fourth session are : economy , energy and tourism ; education and culture ; health and sport ; justice ; local government and regeneration ; rural affairs , climate change and environment ; welfare reform ; and infrastructure and capital investment .
chloroplasts , like mitochondria , contain their own dna , which is thought to be inherited from their ancestor—a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell .
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer .
the annual transpacific yacht race , or transpac , from los angeles to hawaii , is one of yachting 's premier events .
warsaw ( polish : warszawa [ varˈʂava ] ( listen ) ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland .
bskyb has no veto over the presence of channels on their epg , with open access being an enforced part of their operating licence from ofcom .
prime ideals , which generalize prime elements in the sense that the principal ideal generated by a prime element is a prime ideal , are an important tool and object of study in commutative algebra , algebraic number theory and algebraic geometry .
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility .
the 2010 united states census reported that fresno had a population of 494,665. the population density was 4,404.5 people per square mile ( 1,700.6/km² ) .
neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor , capital and land .
under the norman abbot robert de grantmesnil , several monks of saint-evroul fled to southern italy , where they were patronised by robert guiscard and established a latin monastery at sant'eufemia .
huguenot regiments fought for william of orange in the williamite war in ireland , for which they were rewarded with land grants and titles , many settling in dublin .
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s .
the nestorian physician jesus the interpreter founded the office of western medicine in 1263 during the reign of kublai .
however , on may 3 , 2013 , the florida legislature refused to approve the funding plan to pay for the renovations , dealing a significant blow to miami 's chances .
walt disney and his brother roy contacted goldenson at the end of 1953 for abc to agree to finance part of the disneyland project in exchange for producing a television program for the network .
in tibetan buddhism the teachers of dharma in tibet are most commonly called a lama .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
luther and his colleagues introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the electorate of saxony , which began in 1527. they also assessed the standard of pastoral care and christian education in the territory .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
bskyb 's digital service was officially launched on 1 october 1998 under the name sky digital , although small-scale tests were carried out before then .
on average , women are more likely than men to consider factors other than pay when looking for work , and may be less willing to travel or relocate .
falls are one of the most common causes of fatal and non-fatal injuries among construction workers .
the current 8–4–4 system was launched in january 1985. it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector .
for example , the increase in tea drinking led to the production of tea paraphernalia such as china and caddies .
céloron 's expedition force consisted of about 200 troupes de la marine and 30 indians .
according to geoffrey parker , " france alone lost almost a million people to the plague in the epidemic of 1628–31 . "
genghis khan was aware of the friction between his sons ( particularly between chagatai and jochi ) and worried of possible conflict between them if he died .
the writers guild of america strike that halted production of network programs for much of the 2007–08 season affected the network in 2007–08 and 2008–09 , as various abc shows that premiered in 2007 , such as dirty sexy money , pushing daisies , eli stone and samantha who ? , did not live to see a third season ; other series such as boston legal and the u.s. version of life on mars suffered from low viewership , despite the former , a spin off of the practice , being a once-highlighted breakout series when it debuted in 2005. one of the network 's strike-replacement programs during that time was the game show duel , which premiered in december 2007. the program would become a minor success for the network during its initial six-episode run , which led abc to renew duel as a regular series starting in april 2008. however , duel suffered from low viewership during its run as a regular series , and abc canceled the program after sixteen episodes .
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776. britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820. by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world .
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
one of the earliest surviving examples of european quilting , the late 14th-century sicilian tristan quilt , is also held by the collection .
his wife katharina was overheard saying , " dear husband , you are too rude , " and he responded , " they are teaching me to be rude . "
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine .
abc 's western series ( as well as series such as the actioner zorro ) went up against and defeated the variety shows aired by nbc and cbs in the fall of 1957 , and its detective shows did the same in the fall of 1959. to captivate the network 's audiences , short 66-minute series were scheduled a half-hour before their hour-long competition .
in the local alemannic dialect , the singular is pronounced " isel " and this is also the local pronunciation of esel ( " donkey " ) .
parliament elections , take place every five years , and votes for members of the european parliament in member states must be organised by proportional representation or a single transferable vote .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
this traditional name continues as the standard in the united states , but it obscures the fact that indians fought on both sides of the conflict , and that this was part of the seven years ' war , a much larger conflict between france and great britain .
because of its unpaired electrons , triplet oxygen reacts only slowly with most organic molecules , which have paired electron spins ; this prevents spontaneous combustion .
in hendrix v employee insurance institute the court of justice held that a dutch national was not entitled to continue receiving incapacity benefits when he moved to belgium , because the benefit was " closely linked to the socio-economic situation " of the netherlands .
pattern recognition receptors are proteins used by nearly all organisms to identify molecules associated with pathogens .
in 1998 , abc premiered the aaron sorkin-created sitcom sports night , centering on the travails of the staff of a sportscenter-style sports news program ; despite earning critical praise and multiple emmy awards , the series was cancelled in 2000 after two seasons .
the plant cells which contain chloroplasts are usually parenchyma cells , though chloroplasts can also be found in collenchyma tissue .
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers .
concentrated o 2 will allow combustion to proceed rapidly and energetically .
in 1984 zoologist graham twigg produced the first major work to challenge the bubonic plague theory directly , and his doubts about the identity of the black death have been taken up by a number of authors , including samuel k. cohn , jr. ( 2002 ) , david herlihy ( 1997 ) , and susan scott and christopher duncan ( 2001 ) .
within the last 5–10 million years , this accumulating water broke through the purus arch , joining the easterly flow toward the atlantic .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
soon there was a store around the station and the store grew the town of fresno station , later called fresno .
despite this , he insisted he would still find a way to play in the super bowl .
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
the country is known chiefly for its dominance in middle-distance and long-distance athletics , having consistently produced olympic and commonwealth games champions in various distance events , especially in 800 m , 1,500 m , 3,000 m steeplechase , 5,000 m , 10,000 m and the marathon .
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) .
proper safety equipment such as harnesses and guardrails and procedures such as securing ladders and inspecting scaffolding can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry .
this has in some jurisdictions reportedly led to a shortage of male teachers .
trespassing at a nuclear-missile installation ) ... such acts are often just a harassment and , at least to the bystander , somewhat inane ... the remoteness of the connection between the disobedient act and the objectionable law lays such acts open to the charge of ineffectiveness and absurdity . "
during the special the doctor is forced to regenerate several times , with his subsequent incarnations played by , in order , richard e. grant , jim broadbent , hugh grant and joanna lumley .
following the move to holyrood in 2004 this building was demolished .
in 2010 the amazon rainforest experienced another severe drought , in some ways more extreme than the 2005 drought .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
he was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the black death for the second edition in 1908 , implicating rats and fleas in the process , and his interpretation was widely accepted for other ancient and medieval epidemics , such as the justinian plague that was prevalent in the eastern roman empire from 541 to 700 ce .
according to messiaen this way of composing was " inspired by the movements of nature , movements of free and unequal durations " .
bus services in newcastle upon tyne and the surrounding boroughs part of the tyne and wear area are coordinated by nexus , the tyne and wear passenger transport executive .
carolina 's secondary featured pro bowl safety kurt coleman , who led the team with a career high seven interceptions , while also racking up 88 tackles and pro bowl cornerback josh norman , who developed into a shutdown corner during the season and had four interceptions , two of which were returned for touchdowns .
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " .
base titanium , a subsidiary of base resources of australia , shipped its first major consignment of minerals to china .
there are two known species , with worldwide distribution in warm , and warm-temperate waters : cestum veneris ( " venus ' girdle " ) is among the largest ctenophores – up to 1.5 meters ( 4.9 ft ) long , and can undulate slowly or quite rapidly .
the network hired the troika design group to design and produce its 2001–02 identity , which continued using the black-and-yellow coloring of the logo and featured dots and stripes in various promotional and identification spots .
other religious groups represented in the k-12 private education sector include protestants , jews , muslims and the orthodox christians .
within the los angeles area are the major business districts of downtown burbank , downtown santa monica , downtown glendale and downtown long beach .
temujin 's resentment erupted during one hunting excursion that temüjin and his brother khasar killed their half-brother begter .
plant chloroplasts provide plant cells with many important things besides sugar , and apicoplasts are no different—they synthesize fatty acids , isopentenyl pyrophosphate , iron-sulfur clusters , and carry out part of the heme pathway .
the rocks collected from the moon are extremely old compared to rocks found on earth , as measured by radiometric dating techniques .
in 1996 , bbc television held the " auntie awards " as the culmination of their " tv60 " series , celebrating 60 years of bbc television broadcasting , where doctor who was voted as the " best popular drama " the corporation had ever produced , ahead of such ratings heavyweights as eastenders and casualty .
throughout the 1580s , riots led to the expulsion of jews from several german lutheran states .
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere .
after several battles , jamukha was finally turned over to temüjin by his own men in 1206 .
in 1899 , john jacob astor iv invested $ 100,000 for tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system .
lately , there has been controversy in kenyan athletics circles , with the defection of a number of kenyan athletes to represent other countries , chiefly bahrain and qatar .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
this shift has already commenced in some countries ; for instance , pharmacists in australia receive remuneration from the australian government for conducting comprehensive home medicines reviews .
the book of discipline is the guidebook for local churches and pastors and describes in considerable detail the organizational structure of local united methodist churches .
the majority of the forest is contained within brazil , with 60 % of the rainforest , followed by peru with 13 % , colombia with 10 % , and with minor amounts in venezuela , ecuador , bolivia , guyana , suriname and french guiana .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
luther rarely encountered jews during his life , but his attitudes reflected a theological and cultural tradition which saw jews as a rejected people guilty of the murder of christ , and he lived within a local community that had expelled jews some ninety years earlier .
the show has received recognition as one of britain 's finest television programmes , winning the 2006 british academy television award for best drama series and five consecutive ( 2005–2010 ) awards at the national television awards during russell t davies ' tenure as executive producer .
this is usually taken to be the size of the input in bits .
the difference between the gini index for an income distribution before taxation and the gini index after taxation is an indicator for the effects of such taxation .
" :64 instead , edison offered a us $ 10 a week raise over tesla 's us $ 18 per week salary ; tesla refused the offer and immediately resigned .
when sky digital was launched in 1998 the new service used the astra 2a satellite which was located at the 28.5°e orbital position , unlike the analogue service which was broadcast from 19.2°e .
on 31 march 2012 , sky announced the total number of homes with sky+hd was 4,222,000 .
throughout the 1980s and 1990s , demand for a scottish parliament grew , in part because the government of the united kingdom was controlled by the conservative party , while scotland itself elected relatively few conservative mps .
proportionality is recognised one of the general principles of european union law by the european court of justice since the 1950s .
on 1 july 1851 , writs were issued for the election of the first victorian legislative council , and the absolute independence of victoria from new south wales was established proclaiming a new colony of victoria .
the crew of apollo 8 sent the first live televised pictures of the earth and the moon back to earth , and read from the creation story in the book of genesis , on christmas eve , 1968. an estimated one-quarter of the population of the world saw—either live or delayed—the christmas eve transmission during the ninth orbit of the moon .
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world .
he even lost control of the patents he had generated since he had assigned them to the company in lieu of stock .
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church .
in the helical thylakoid model , grana consist of a stack of flattened circular granal thylakoids that resemble pancakes .
this reference from the bible forms the foundation for the doctrine known as the divine right of kings , or , in the german case , the divine right of the princes .
former ipcc chairman robert watson has said " the mistakes all appear to have gone in the direction of making it seem like climate change is more serious by overstating the impact .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
as part of the agreements , both bskyb and virgin media agreed to terminate all high court proceedings against each other relating to the carriage of their respective basic channels .
a version was taken up by the author henry david thoreau in his essay civil disobedience , and later by gandhi in his doctrine of satyagraha .
over 10 % of swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008. sweden is internationally known for this innovative school voucher model that provides swedish pupils with the opportunity to choose the school they prefer .
from 2006 garda vetting has been introduced for new entrants to the teaching profession .
a pair of carries by c. j. anderson moved the ball up 20 yards to the panthers 14-yard line , but carolina 's defense dug in over the next three plays .
the most recent additions are a center in new delhi , india , which opened in 2014 , and a center in hong kong which opened in 2015 .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
the dornbirner ach had to be diverted , too , and it now flows parallel to the canalized rhine into the lake .
the textbook examples are cydippids with egg-shaped bodies and a pair of retractable tentacles fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) that are covered with colloblasts , sticky cells that capture prey .
according to the good schools guide approximately 9 per cent of children being educated in the uk are doing so at fee-paying schools at gsce level and 13 per cent at a-level .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
when an activated t cell contacts such cells , it releases cytotoxins , such as perforin , which form pores in the target cell 's plasma membrane , allowing ions , water and toxins to enter .
some of the oldest schools in south africa are private church schools that were established by missionaries in the early nineteenth century .
all uses of sculpture are represented , from tomb and memorial , to portrait , allegorical , religious , mythical , statues for gardens including fountains , as well as architectural decorations .
victoria is the centre of dairy farming in australia .
it won the coveted sunday times university of the year award in 2000. northumbria university has its origins in the newcastle polytechnic , established in 1969 and became the university of northumbria at newcastle in 1992 as part of the uk-wide process in which polytechnics became new universities .
the connection between macroscopic nonconservative forces and microscopic conservative forces is described by detailed treatment with statistical mechanics .
luther had published his german translation of the new testament in 1522 , and he and his collaborators completed the translation of the old testament in 1534 , when the whole bible was published .
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example .
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials .
there are many important organic solvents that contain oxygen , including : acetone , methanol , ethanol , isopropanol , furan , thf , diethyl ether , dioxane , ethyl acetate , dmf , dmso , acetic acid , and formic acid .
he assured monks and nuns that they could break their vows without sin , because vows were an illegitimate and vain attempt to win salvation .
for every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.3 males .
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010. that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004. ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase .
warsaw 's first stock exchange was established in 1817 and continued trading until world war ii .
when finally edward the confessor returned from his father 's refuge in 1041 , at the invitation of his half-brother harthacnut , he brought with him a norman-educated mind .
the collection includes the earliest known piece of english silver with a dated hallmark , a silver gilt beaker dated 1496–97 .
he knew little about the technical details of the space program , and was put off by the massive financial commitment required by a manned moon landing .
by the early 20th century , einstein developed a theory of relativity that correctly predicted the action of forces on objects with increasing momenta near the speed of light , and also provided insight into the forces produced by gravitation and inertia .
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt .
the european commission is the main executive body of the european union .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
tasks and privileges , which are possessed by the units of the second level of the territorial division – counties or powiats .
tea , coffee , sisal , pyrethrum , corn , and wheat are grown in the fertile highlands , one of the most successful agricultural production regions in africa .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
in may 1961 , life criticized the public enthusiasm and sponsorship for these types of shows at the expense of news programming and denounced an unofficial law " replacing the good programs with the bad ones " .
on 17 december 1941 , seven protestant regional church confederations issued a statement agreeing with the policy of forcing jews to wear the yellow badge , " since after his bitter experience luther had already suggested preventive measures against the jews and their expulsion from german territory . "
the vistula river is the specific axis of warsaw , which divides the city into two parts , left and right .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
temüjin 's mother hoelun taught him many lessons about the unstable political climate of mongolia , especially the need for alliances .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
in a report , published in early february 2007 by the ear institute at the university college london , and widex , a danish hearing aid manufacturer , newcastle was named as the noisiest city in the whole of the uk , with an average level of 80.4 decibels .
los angeles itself has many business districts including the downtown los angeles central business district as well as those lining the wilshire boulevard miracle mile including century city , westwood and warner center in the san fernando valley .
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) .
however , the colonists were unable to manage their fields and the crops because of the loss of soil fertility and weed invasion .
up to the election of 1960 , kennedy had been speaking out against the " missile gap " that he and many other senators felt had formed between the soviets and themselves due to the inaction of president eisenhower .
the doctor has gained numerous reoccurring enemies during his travels , including the daleks , the cybermen , and the master , another renegade time lord .
in the spring of 1975 , fred pierce , the newly appointed president of abc television , convinced fred silverman to become the first president and director of programming of the independent television production subsidiary abc entertainment , created from the network 's namesake programming division .
it also means states can be responsible for private actors .
george wallis ( 1811–1891 ) , the first keeper of fine art collection , passionately promoted the idea of wide art education through the museum collections .
wbt will also simulcast the game on its sister station wbt-fm ( 99.3 fm ) , which is based in chester , south carolina .
oxygen was discovered independently by carl wilhelm scheele , in uppsala , in 1773 or earlier , and joseph priestley in wiltshire , in 1774 , but priestley is often given priority because his work was published first .
the most interesting examples of mannerist architecture are the royal castle ( 1596–1619 ) and the jesuit church ( 1609–1626 ) at old town .
second , as a person ages the skin becomes less adept at producing vitamin d .
over 10 % of amsterdam 's population died in 1623–25 , and again in 1635–36 , 1655 , and 1664. plague occurred in venice 22 times between 1361 and 1528. the plague of 1576–77 killed 50,000 in venice , almost a third of the population .
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball .
the weak force is due to the exchange of the heavy w and z bosons .
newcastle replaced him in january 1756 with lord loudoun , with major general james abercrombie as his second in command .
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524–25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name .
a study in 1999 found one square kilometer ( 247 acres ) of amazon rainforest can contain about 90,790 tonnes of living plants .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
the victoria and albert museum ( often abbreviated as the v & a ) , london , is the world 's largest museum of decorative arts and design , housing a permanent collection of over 4.5 million objects .
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen .
in 1273 , the mongols created the imperial library directorate , a government-sponsored printing office .
the table under present-day education in kenya below shows the structure of the 8–4–4 system .
downtown san diego is the central business district of san diego , though the city is filled with business districts .
royal assent : after the bill has been passed , the presiding officer submits it to the monarch for royal assent and it becomes an act of the scottish parliament .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
another famous athletic event is the 5.9-mile ( 9.5 km ) blaydon race ( a road race from newcastle to blaydon ) , which has taken place on 9 june annually since 1981 , to commemorate the celebrated blaydon races horse racing .
the special was one of several special 3d programmes the bbc produced at the time , using a 3d system that made use of the pulfrich effect requiring glasses with one darkened lens ; the picture would look normal to those viewers who watched without the glasses .
later in the summer , kenyatta visited china at the invitation of president xi jinping after a stop in russia and not having visited the united states as president .
the custom is to die without spilling blood , which is granted by breaking the back .
the unproven riemann hypothesis , dating from 1859 , states that except for s = −2 , −4 , ... , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
these include various types of integer programming problems in operations research , many problems in logistics , protein structure prediction in biology , and the ability to find formal proofs of pure mathematics theorems .
the church operates three hundred sixty schools and institutions overseas .
he needed the revenue from the indulgences to pay off a papal dispensation for his tenure of more than one bishopric .
abc 's western series ( as well as series such as the actioner zorro ) went up against and defeated the variety shows aired by nbc and cbs in the fall of 1957 , and its detective shows did the same in the fall of 1959. to captivate the network 's audiences , short 66-minute series were scheduled a half-hour before their hour-long competition .
immunodeficiencies occur when one or more of the components of the immune system are inactive .
to remedy the causes of the fire , changes were made in the block ii spacecraft and operational procedures , the most important of which were use of a nitrogen/oxygen mixture instead of pure oxygen before and during launch , and removal of flammable cabin and space suit materials .
his entry into paradise , no less , was a discovery about " the righteousness of god " – a discovery that " the just person " of whom the bible speaks ( as in romans 1:17 ) lives by faith .
these missions would also carry the lunar roving vehicle ( lrv ) increasing the exploration area and allowing televised liftoff of the lm .
under the scotland act 1998 , ordinary general elections for the scottish parliament are held on the first thursday in may every four years ( 1999 , 2003 , 2007 and so on ) .
however , its dominance has been eroded by wrangles within the now defunct kenya football federation , leading to a suspension by fifa which was lifted in march 2007 .
in his work pneumatica , philo observed that inverting a vessel over a burning candle and surrounding the vessel 's neck with water resulted in some water rising into the neck .
in the summer of 1521 , luther widened his target from individual pieties like indulgences and pilgrimages to doctrines at the heart of church practices .
during that year , tesla taught a large class of students in his old school , higher real gymnasium , in gospić .
one of competing model for cpdna replication asserts that most cpdna is linear and participates in homologous recombination and replication structures similar to bacteriophage t4 .
victoria has about 63,519 full-time teachers .
southern california is a major economic center for the state of california and the united states .
threatening government officials is another classic way of expressing defiance toward the government and unwillingness to stand for its policies .
on 31 october 1517 , luther wrote to his bishop , albert of mainz , protesting the sale of indulgences .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
however , there is a chasm in the perception of his brutality .
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche .
the two innermost lipid-bilayer membranes that surround all chloroplasts correspond to the outer and inner membranes of the ancestral cyanobacterium 's gram negative cell wall , and not the phagosomal membrane from the host , which was probably lost .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
after banishing the zwickau prophets , he now faced a battle against not only the established church but also the radical reformers who threatened the new order by fomenting social unrest and violence .
as part of the agreements , both bskyb and virgin media agreed to terminate all high court proceedings against each other relating to the carriage of their respective basic channels .
finally it spread to northwestern russia in 1351. the plague was somewhat less common in parts of europe that had smaller trade relations with their neighbours , including the kingdom of poland , the majority of the basque country , isolated parts of belgium and the netherlands , and isolated alpine villages throughout the continent .
chinese medical techniques such as acupuncture , moxibustion , pulse diagnosis , and various herbal drugs and elixirs were transmitted westward to the middle east and the rest of the empire .
traditionally consultant pharmacists were usually independent business owners , though in the united states many now work for several large pharmacy management companies ( primarily omnicare , kindred healthcare and pharmerica ) .
nasa immediately convened an accident review board , overseen by both houses of congress .
the answer , from bryan davies was that the museum intended to preserve and care for the collection and keep it available to the public , with items being redistributed to the british galleries , the medieval & renaissance galleries , and the planned new galleries for furniture and europe 1600–1800 , and that the horniman museum and other institutions were possible candidates for loans of material to ensure that the instruments remained publicly viewable .
the pilgrim street building was refurbished between november 2006 and may 2008 ; during the refurbishment works , the cinema relocated to the old town hall , gateshead .
this is termed cyclic photophosphorylation because the electrons are recycled .
the drengot family thereafter attained the principality of capua , and emperor henry iii legally ennobled the hauteville leader , drogo , as " dux et magister italiae comesque normannorum totius apuliae et calabriae " ( " duke and master of italy and count of the normans of all apulia and calabria " ) in 1047 .
the ohio country was particularly vulnerable to legal and illegal settlement due to the construction of military roads to the area by braddock and forbes .
to help reduce consumption , in 1974 a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph ( about 88 km/h ) was imposed through the emergency highway energy conservation act .
he called it packet switching , a more accessible name than baran 's , and proposed to build a nationwide network in the uk .
at the end of world war i , the rhineland was subject to the treaty of versailles .
the initial lunar flight version weighed approximately 51,300 pounds ( 23,300 kg ) fully fueled , while a later version designed to carry a lunar orbit scientific instrument package weighed just over 54,000 pounds ( 24,000 kg ) .
these include rifts with his early allies such as jamukha ( who also wanted to be a ruler of mongol tribes ) and wang khan ( his and his father 's ally ) , his son jochi , and problems with the most important shaman , who was allegedly trying to drive a wedge between him and his loyal brother khasar .
controlled , experimental studies exploring intrinsic motivation of college students has shown that nonverbal expressions of enthusiasm , such as demonstrative gesturing , dramatic movements which are varied , and emotional facial expressions , result in college students reporting higher levels of intrinsic motivation to learn .
fresno ( /ˈfrɛznoʊ/ frez-noh ) , the county seat of fresno county , is a city in the u.s. state of california .
olivier roy argues that " sunni pan-islamism underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century " when the muslim brotherhood movement and its focus on islamisation of pan-arabism was eclipsed by the salafi movement with its emphasis on " sharia rather than the building of islamic institutions , " and rejection of shia islam .
in germany , teachers are mainly civil servants recruited in special university classes , called lehramtstudien ( teaching education studies ) .
maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party in 1941 and remained its leader until 1972. however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising .
it estimated that if the average united states worker had completed just one more year of school , it would add an additional $ 105 billion in growth to the country 's economy over five years .
phycobilins come in all colors , though phycoerytherin is one of the pigments that makes many red algae red .
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north .
while the military effectiveness of these " afghan arabs " was marginal , an estimated 16,000 to 35,000 muslim volunteers came from around the world came to fight in afghanistan .
a user or host could call a host on a foreign network by including the dnic of the remote network as part of the destination address .
it was later called the " first oil shock " , followed by the 1979 oil crisis , termed the " second oil shock . "
eu competition law has its origins in the european coal and steel community ( ecsc ) agreement between france , italy , belgium , the netherlands , luxembourg and germany in 1951 following the second world war .
for the 2012–13 school year annual tuition was $ 38,000 , with a total cost of attendance of $ 57,000 .
traditionally , labor is strongest in melbourne 's working class western and northern suburbs , and the regional cities of ballarat , bendigo and geelong .
he was a believer in the 19th century concept of an all pervasive " ether " that transmitted electrical energy .
research shows that student motivation and attitudes towards school are closely linked to student-teacher relationships .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
after an unmanned lm test flight as-206 , a crew would fly the first block ii csm and lm in a dual mission known as as-207/208 , or as-278 ( each spacecraft would be launched on a separate saturn ib . )
it is approximately 220 miles ( 350 km ) northwest of los angeles , 170 miles ( 270 km ) south of the state capital , sacramento , or 185 miles ( 300 km ) south of san francisco .
one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions shows that the amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of severely reduced rainfall and increased temperatures , leading to an almost complete loss of rainforest cover in the basin by 2100. however , simulations of amazon basin climate change across many different models are not consistent in their estimation of any rainfall response , ranging from weak increases to strong decreases .
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly .
the main quadrangles consist of six quadrangles , each surrounded by buildings , bordering one larger quadrangle .
in the helical thylakoid model , grana consist of a stack of flattened circular granal thylakoids that resemble pancakes .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
in the analog versions of these experiments , horizontal layers of sand are pulled along a lower surface into a back stop , which results in realistic-looking patterns of faulting and the growth of a critically tapered ( all angles remain the same ) orogenic wedge .
this is becoming known as the advanced steam movement .
this creates three main flows , two of which change names rather often .
nsfnet was also the name given to several nationwide backbone networks operating at speeds of 56 kbit/s , 1.5 mbit/s ( t1 ) , and 45 mbit/s ( t3 ) that were constructed to support nsf 's networking initiatives from 1985-1995. initially created to link researchers to the nation 's nsf-funded supercomputing centers , through further public funding and private industry partnerships it developed into a major part of the internet backbone .
indeed , this can be done by giving the same input to both inputs of the multiplication algorithm .
thus , the marginal utility of wealth per person ( " the additional dollar " ) decreases as a person becomes richer .
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell .
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports .
the average household size was 3.07. there were 111,529 families ( 70.4 % of all households ) ; the average family size was 3.62 .
luther sought assurances about life and was drawn to theology and philosophy , expressing particular interest in aristotle , william of ockham , and gabriel biel .
further , interest groups and government agencies more worried about energy were no match for kissinger 's dominance .
east and central africa 's biggest economy has posted tremendous growth in the service sector , boosted by rapid expansion in telecommunication and financial activity over the last decade , and now [ when ? ]
in the most famous case rewe-zentral ag v bundesmonopol für branntwein , the court of justice found that a german law requiring all spirits and liqueurs ( not just imported ones ) to have a minimum alcohol content of 25 per cent was contrary to tfeu article 34 , because it had a greater negative effect on imports .
in 1628 the huguenots established a congregation as l'église française à la nouvelle-amsterdam ( the french church in new amsterdam ) .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
unarmed jews gathered in the streets to prevent the installation of pagan images in the temple in jerusalem .
another cause is the rate at which income is taxed coupled with the progressivity of the tax system .
unfortunately , he arrived too late to enroll at charles-ferdinand university ; he never studied greek , a required subject ; and he was illiterate in czech , another required subject .
peter capaldi took on the role after matt smith 's exit in the 2013 christmas special " the time of the doctor " .
the increased solubility of o 2 at lower temperatures ( see physical properties ) has important implications for ocean life , as polar oceans support a much higher density of life due to their higher oxygen content .
harvard college accepted 5.3 % of applicants for the class of 2019 , a record low and the second lowest acceptance rate among all national universities .
the negotiations were successfully concluded on 17 february 1546. after 8 a.m. , he experienced chest pains .
tesla exhibited a pre-atomic understanding of physics in his writings ; he disagreed with the theory of atoms being composed of smaller subatomic particles , stating there was no such thing as an electron creating an electric charge ( he believed that if electrons existed at all , they were some fourth state of matter or " sub-atom " that could only exist in an experimental vacuum and that they had nothing to do with electricity ) .
its substance was very similar to the proposed constitutional treaty , but it was formally an amending treaty , and – though it significantly altered the existing treaties – it did not completely replace them .
engineers working for the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company reported to george westinghouse that tesla had a viable ac motor and related power system — something for which westinghouse had been trying to secure patents .
moderate and reformist islamists who accept and work within the democratic process include parties like the tunisian ennahda movement .
students who had enthusiastic teachers tend to rate them higher than teachers who did n't show much enthusiasm for the course materials .
its exterior appears as a blue british police box , which was a common sight in britain in 1963 when the series first aired .
in 1896 , the university affiliated with shimer college in mount carroll , illinois .
the normal force is due to repulsive forces of interaction between atoms at close contact .
while eliot was the most crucial figure in the secularization of american higher education , he was motivated not by a desire to secularize education , but by transcendentalist unitarian convictions .
sanders was his top receiver with six receptions for 83 yards .
the ad valorem property tax policy combined with rising prices made it difficult or impossible for low income residents to keep pace .
those who complete high school can join a polytechnic or other technical college and study for three years or proceed directly to the university and study for four years .
a steep and steady decline in the popularity and credibility of secular , socialist and nationalist politics ensued .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
his father , milutin tesla , was a serbian orthodox priest .
the scottish parliament has conducted debates in the gaelic language .
it has hosted a season of performances from the royal shakespeare company for over 25 years , as well as touring productions of west end musicals .
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half .
the court of justice of the european union can interpret the treaties , but it can not rule on their validity , which is subject to international law .
the company first constructed a new 10-story building on land previously occupied by an abandoned warehouse on the corner of columbus avenue and west 66th street ; the facility that was built in its place is nicknamed " 7 lincoln square " ( although it is actually located at 149 columbus avenue ) .
some muslim communities had a chinese surname which meant " barracks " and could also mean " thanks " .
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation .
the ability of the immune system to respond to pathogens is diminished in both the young and the elderly , with immune responses beginning to decline at around 50 years of age due to immunosenescence .
this ability to distribute chloroplasts so that they can take shelter behind each other or spread out may be the reason why land plants evolved to have many small chloroplasts instead of a few big ones .
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham .
another green space in newcastle is the town moor , lying immediately north of the city centre .
by contrast in commission v italy the court of justice held that a requirement for lawyers in italy to comply with maximum tariffs unless there was an agreement with a client was not a restriction .
boulton and watt 's early engines used half as much coal as john smeaton 's improved version of newcomen 's .
smaller settlements , which included killeshandra in county cavan , contributed to the expansion of flax cultivation and the growth of the irish linen industry .
when the abc-upt merger was finalized in 1953 , the network introduced a new logo based on the seal of the federal communications commission , with the letters " abc " enclosed in a circular shield surmounted by the bald eagle .
if we repeat the test n times and pass every time , then the probability that our number is composite is 1/ ( 1-p ) n , which decreases exponentially with the number of tests , so we can be as sure as we like ( though never perfectly sure ) that the number is prime .
trioxygen ( o 3 ) is usually known as ozone and is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue .
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck .
( lake baikal and ocean were called tenggis by the mongols .
one of the most prominent huguenot refugees in the netherlands was pierre bayle .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
there are infinitely many primes , as demonstrated by euclid around 300 bc .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
costume sketches , design notebooks , and other works on paper are typically held by the word and image department .
in 1999 , another special , doctor who and the curse of fatal death , was made for comic relief and later released on vhs .
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north .
patrons who have influenced taste are also represented by works of art from their collections , these include : horace walpole ( a major influence on the gothic revival ) , william thomas beckford and thomas hope .
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes .
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of " invisible " kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments ( later identified as " roentgen rays " or " x-rays " ) .
for this reason , complexity theory addresses computational problems and not particular problem instances .
the network had earlier reached an eleventh-hour deal to renew its carriage agreement with the provider on december 31 , 1999. abc filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to force twc to restore the affected stations ; the fcc ruled in favor of abc , ordering time warner cable to restore the stations , doing so on the afternoon of may 2. abc ended the 2000–01 season as the most-watched network , ahead of nbc .
this expedient has since been generally considered satisfactory for most purposes and makes possible the use of the simpler stephenson , joy and walschaerts motions .
tvontario picked up the show in 1976 beginning with the three doctors and aired each series ( several years late ) through to series 24 in 1991. from 1979 to 1981 , tvo airings were bookended by science-fiction writer judith merril who would introduce the episode and then , after the episode concluded , try to place it in an educational context in keeping with tvo 's status as an educational channel .
sweden rationed gasoline and heating oil .
such qualifications were introduced under the house of commons disqualification act 1975 and the british nationality act 1981. specifically , members must be over the age of 18 and must be a citizen of the united kingdom , the republic of ireland , one of the countries in the commonwealth of nations , a citizen of a british overseas territory , or a european union citizen resident in the uk .
and still other civil disobedients , being anarchists , do n't believe in the legitimacy of any government , and therefore see no need to accept punishment for a violation of criminal law that does not infringe the rights of others .
although the soviet response to such an act would likely not involve force , intelligence warned " the american occupation would need to last 10 years as the west developed alternative energy sources , and would result in the ‘ total alienation ’ of the arabs and much of the rest of the third world . "
conversely , education raises incomes and promotes growth because it helps to unleash the productive potential of the poor .
they were descended from norse ( " norman " comes from " norseman " ) raiders and pirates from denmark , iceland and norway who , under their leader rollo , agreed to swear fealty to king charles iii of west francia .
for luther 's biographer martin brecht , this partnership " was the beginning of a questionable and originally unintended development towards a church government under the temporal sovereign " .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
on july 18 , 2006 , delegates to the world methodist council voted unanimously to adopt the " joint declaration on the doctrine of justification " , which was approved in 1999 by the vatican and the lutheran world federation .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city .
downtown san diego is the central business district of san diego , though the city is filled with business districts .
dating back to 1936 warsaw historical museum contains 60 rooms which host a permanent exhibition of the history of warsaw from its origins until today .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
after each team punted , panthers quarterback cam newton appeared to complete a 24-yard pass jerricho cotchery , but the call was ruled an incompletion and upheld after a replay challenge .
despite their soft , gelatinous bodies , fossils thought to represent ctenophores , apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms , have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early cambrian , about 515 million years ago .
the 1960s would be marked by the rise of family-oriented series in an attempt by abc to counterprogram its established competitors , but the decade was also marked by the network 's gradual transition to color .
treatment not only increases oxygen levels in the patient 's blood , but has the secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs , easing work load on the heart .
uninterested in administration , they were separated from both the army and the populace , and china was torn by dissension and unrest .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
22 % of gdp still comes from the unreliable agricultural sector which employs 75 % of the labour force ( a consistent characteristic of under-developed economies that have not attained food security – an important catalyst of economic growth ) a small portion of the population relies on food aid .
in the late 1980s , jon pertwee and colin baker both played the doctor at different times during the run of a play titled doctor who – the ultimate adventure .
the income gap in other countries ranges from 53 % in botswana to -40 % in bahrain .
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs .
all green parts of a plant contain chloroplasts—the chloroplasts , or more specifically , the chlorophyll in them are what make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green .
better than anyone else she represented the art deco style in painting and art .
also , in the 100 greatest kids ' tv shows ( a channel 4 countdown in 2001 ) , the 1963–1989 run was placed at number eight .
harvard was formed in 1636 by vote of the great and general court of the massachusetts bay colony .
despite an almost 500 % increase in advertising revenues between 1953 and 1958 , the network only had a national reach of between 10 % and 18 % of the total u.s. population , as it still had relatively fewer affiliates than nbc and cbs .
there were two kinds of x.25 networks . some such as datapac and transpac were initially implemented with an x.25 external interface .
the only chloroplast structure that can considered analogous to it is the internal thylakoid system .
he believed early on that damage to the skin was not caused by the roentgen rays , but by the ozone generated in contact with the skin , and to a lesser extent , by nitrous acid .
in china , the polymath shen kuo ( 1031–1095 ) formulated a hypothesis for the process of land formation : based on his observation of fossil animal shells in a geological stratum in a mountain hundreds of miles from the ocean , he inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by deposition of silt .
they trained and conducted tests of their spacecraft at north american , and in the altitude chamber at the kennedy space center .
with great britain having claimed the entire australian continent east of the 135th meridian east in 1788 , victoria was included in the wider colony of new south wales .
the armed struggle , planned to last 48 hours , was partially successful , however it went on for 63 days .
juzjani claims that it was in response to hearing of these plans that genghis khan ordered his son secretly poisoned ; however , as sultan muhammad was already dead in 1223 , the accuracy of this story is questionable .
it was only the orbit of the planet mercury that newton 's law of gravitation seemed not to fully explain .
british operations in 1755 , 1756 and 1757 in the frontier areas of pennsylvania and new york all failed , due to a combination of poor management , internal divisions , and effective canadian scouts , french regular forces , and indian warrior allies .
the delay in the csm caused by the fire enabled nasa to catch up on man-rating the lm and saturn v. apollo 4 ( as-501 ) was the first unmanned flight of the saturn v , carrying a block i csm on november 9 , 1967. the capability of the command module 's heat shield to survive a trans-lunar reentry was demonstrated by using the service module engine to ram it into the atmosphere at higher than the usual earth-orbital reentry speed .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
early techniques relied mainly on the observation that hydrophilic amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions than hydrophobic amino acids ; however , more recent developments rely on machine learning techniques using databases of existing known epitopes , usually on well-studied virus proteins , as a training set .
according to russian census of 1897 , out of the total population of 638,000 , jews constituted 219,000 ( around 34 % percent ) .
oxygen is the most abundant element by mass in the earth 's crust as part of oxide compounds such as silicon dioxide , making up almost half of the crust 's mass .
however , nozick recognized that some modern economic inequalities were the result of forceful taking of property , and a certain amount of redistribution would be justified to compensate for this force but not because of the inequalities themselves .
without the pressure reaching supercritical levels for the working fluid , the temperature range the cycle can operate over is quite small ; in steam turbines , turbine entry temperatures are typically 565 °c ( the creep limit of stainless steel ) and condenser temperatures are around 30 °c .
on an international level , the price increases changed competitive positions in many industries , such as automobiles .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
tullow oil estimates kenya 's oil reserves to be around 10 billion barrels .
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
daytime programming is also provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays ( with a one-hour break at 12:00 p.m. eastern/pacific for stations to air newscasts , other locally produced programming such as talk shows , or syndicated programs ) featuring the talk/lifestyle shows the view and the chew and the soap opera general hospital .
in 1998 , the metropolitan police authority filed an objection to the trade mark claim ; but in 2002 , the patent office ruled in favour of the bbc .
when they arrived , colonial authorities offered them instead land 20 miles above the falls of the james river , at the abandoned monacan village known as manakin town , now in powhatan county .
hence , the ground state of the o 2 molecule is referred to as triplet oxygen .
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible .
the land was occupied by brompton park house , which was extended , most notably by the " brompton boilers " , which were starkly utilitarian iron galleries with a temporary look and were later dismantled and used to build the v & a museum of childhood .
for example , to check the primality of 37 , only three divisions are necessary ( m = 2 , 3 , and 5 ) , given that 4 and 6 are composite .
some scholars have asserted that luther taught that faith and reason were antithetical in the sense that questions of faith could not be illuminated by reason .
to celebrate the 40th anniversary in 2003 , an audio drama titled zagreus featuring paul mcgann , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and peter davison was released with additional archive recordings of jon pertwee .
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church .
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example .
geographical theories such as environmental determinism also suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of european guidance .
the collection has numerous examples of various types of textiles designed by william morris , including , embroidery , woven fabrics , tapestries ( including 'the forest ' tapestry of 1887 ) , rugs and carpets , as well as pattern books and paper designs .
sky+ hd material is broadcast using mpeg-4 and most of the hd material uses the dvb-s2 standard .
conversely , some hormones are regulated by the immune system , notably thyroid hormone activity .
as a consequence of newton 's first law of motion , there exists rotational inertia that ensures that all bodies maintain their angular momentum unless acted upon by an unbalanced torque .
hutchins eliminated varsity football from the university in an attempt to emphasize academics over athletics , instituted the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum known as the common core , and organized the university 's graduate work into its current [ when ? ]
americans live no longer on average ( about 77 years in 2004 ) than greeks ( 78 years ) or new zealanders ( 78 ) , though the usa has a higher gdp per capita .
for example , consider the deterministic sorting algorithm quicksort .
the last prime minister of the ( east ) german democratic republic , lothar de maizière , is also a descendant of a huguenot family , as is the german federal minister of the interior , thomas de maizière .
the investigation of the pathogen that caused the 19th-century plague was begun by teams of scientists who visited hong kong in 1894 , among whom was the french-swiss bacteriologist alexandre yersin , after whom the pathogen was named yersinia pestis .
luther based his order on the catholic service but omitted " everything that smacks of sacrifice " ; and the mass became a celebration where everyone received the wine as well as the bread .
a site was chosen in houston , texas , on land donated by rice university , and administrator webb announced the conversion on september 19 , 1961. it was also clear nasa would soon outgrow its practice of controlling missions from its cape canaveral air force station launch facilities in florida , so a new mission control center would be included in the msc .
there are three major types of rock : igneous , sedimentary , and metamorphic .
the gonads are located in the parts of the internal canal network under the comb rows , and eggs and sperm are released via pores in the epidermis .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
for details of individual countries see school corporal punishment .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
the mongols attacked samarkand using captured enemies as body shields .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
some civil disobedients , such as the proprietors of illegal medical cannabis dispensaries and voice in the wilderness , which brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the u.s. government , directly achieve a desired social goal ( such as the provision of medication to the sick ) while openly breaking the law .
westinghouse looked into getting a patent on a similar commutator-less , rotating magnetic field-based induction motor presented in a paper in march 1888 by the italian physicist galileo ferraris , but decided tesla 's patent would probably control the market .
because of this , ethelred fled to normandy in 1013 , when he was forced from his kingdom by sweyn forkbeard .
as of february 2011 [ update ] , this conjecture has been verified for all numbers up to n = 2 · 1017. weaker statements than this have been proven , for example vinogradov 's theorem says that every sufficiently large odd integer can be written as a sum of three primes .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
like alice in wonderland , he often finds that specific terminology has no more ( or no less ) meaning than the individual orator intends it to have . "
he bolstered his popularity among his subjects by modeling his government on the bureaucracy of traditional chinese dynasties and adopting the chinese era name of zhongtong .
friedrich ratzel believed that in order for a state to survive , imperialism was needed .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
due to its electronegativity , oxygen forms chemical bonds with almost all other elements to give corresponding oxides .
a fine tribute to the fall of warsaw and history of poland can be found in the warsaw uprising museum and in the katyń museum which preserves the memory of the crime .
preschool , which targets children from age three to five , is an integral component of the education system and is a key requirement for admission to standard one ( first grade ) .
furnished with notes and prefaces by luther , and with woodcuts by lucas cranach that contained anti-papal imagery , it played a major role in the spread of luther 's doctrine throughout germany .
in a bid to gain newcastle and the tyne , cromwell 's allies , the scots , captured the town of newburn .
the image of the tardis has become firmly linked to the show in the public 's consciousness ; bbc scriptwriter anthony coburn , who lived in the resort of herne bay , kent , was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine .
besides , within the city borders , there are also : pole mokotowskie ( a big park in the northern mokotów , where was the first horse racetrack and then the airport ) , park ujazdowski ( close to the sejm and john lennon street ) , park of culture and rest in powsin , by the southern city border , park skaryszewski by the right vistula bank , in praga .
at the launch in march 2013 , the secretary of the ministry of planning , national development and vision 2030 emphasised that climate will be a central issue in the renewed medium term plan that will be launched in the coming months .
the annual conference , roughly the equivalent of a diocese in the anglican communion and the roman catholic church or a synod in some lutheran denominations such as the evangelical lutheran church in america , is the basic unit of organization within the umc .
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes .
in december 2014 , president uhuru kenyatta signed a security laws amendment bill , which supporters of the law suggested was necessary to guard against armed groups .
it became a moral justification to lift the world up to french standards by bringing christianity and french culture .
by the end of the embargo in march 1974 , the price of oil had risen from us $ 3 per barrel to nearly $ 12 globally ; us prices were significantly higher .
they set back any british hopes for campaigns on lake ontario , and endangered the oswego garrison , already short on supplies .
kublai expanded the grand canal from southern china to daidu in the north .
the e. w. scripps company is the largest operator of abc stations in terms of overall market reach , owning 15 abc-affiliated stations ( including affiliates in larger markets such as cleveland , phoenix , detroit and denver ) , and through its ownership of phoenix affiliate knxv , las vegas affiliate ktnv-tv and tucson affiliate kgun-tv , the only provider of abc programming for the majority of arizona ( outside of the yuma-el centro market ) and southern nevada .
the first recorded settlement in what is now newcastle was pons aelius , a roman fort and bridge across the river tyne .
following the arab spring , roy has described islamism as " increasingly interdependent " with democracy in much of the arab muslim world , such that " neither can now survive without the other . "
luther and his wife moved into a former monastery , " the black cloister , " a wedding present from the new elector john the steadfast ( 1525–32 ) .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
mortgage bankers , accountants , and cost engineers are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project .
during the acute phase of inflammation , particularly as a result of bacterial infection , neutrophils migrate toward the site of inflammation in a process called chemotaxis , and are usually the first cells to arrive at the scene of infection .
a 2000 study found that 42 % of uk teachers experienced occupational stress , twice the figure for the average profession .
in scotland , anyone wishing to teach must be registered with the general teaching council for scotland ( gtcs ) .
universal , warner brothers , and sony also run major record companies as well .
during a tour of thuringia , he became enraged at the widespread burning of convents , monasteries , bishops ' palaces , and libraries .
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area .
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made .
between 1701 and 1750 , thirty-seven larger and smaller epidemics were recorded in constantinople , and an additional thirty-one between 1751 and 1800. baghdad has suffered severely from visitations of the plague , and sometimes two-thirds of its population has been wiped out .
the racial makeup of fresno was 245,306 ( 49.6 % ) white , 40,960 ( 8.3 % ) african american , 8,525 ( 1.7 % ) native american , 62,528 ( 12.6 % ) asian ( 3.6 % hmong , 1.7 % indian , 1.2 % filipino , 1.2 % laotian , 1.0 % thai , 0.8 % cambodian , 0.7 % chinese , 0.5 % japanese , 0.4 % vietnamese , 0.2 % korean ) , 849 ( 0.2 % ) pacific islander , 111,984 ( 22.6 % ) from other races , and 24,513 ( 5.0 % ) from two or more races .
the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the middle east , across all sectors , job types and levels of experience , is £42,090 , compared to £26,719 in the uk .
the loess or wind-blown dust over that tundra , settled in and around the rhine valley , contributing to its current agricultural usefulness .
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes .
they were licensed by st. george 's church in 1784. three years later , protesting racial segregation in the worship services , allen led most of the black members out of st. george 's ; eventually they founded the mother bethel a.m.e. church and the african methodist episcopal denomination .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
oxygen is more soluble in water than nitrogen is .
further south the southeast interior was dominated by siouan-speaking catawba , muskogee-speaking creek and choctaw , and the iroquoian-speaking cherokee tribes .
michael mullett considers this speech as a " world classic of epoch-making oratory . "
an etioplast is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll , and has inner membrane invaginations that form a lattice of tubes in their stroma , called a prolamellar body .
routing a packet requires the node to look up the connection id in a table .
the plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of british bacteriologist j. f. d. shrewsbury in 1970 , who noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague , leading him to conclude that contemporary accounts were exaggerations .
in 2009 , harvard offered grants totaling $ 414 million across all eleven divisions ; [ further explanation needed ] $ 340 million came from institutional funds , $ 35 million from federal support , and $ 39 million from other outside support .
tancred was instrumental in the conquest of jerusalem and he worked for the expansion of the crusader kingdom in transjordan and the region of galilee .
six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system , metrolink , run out of downtown los angeles , connecting los angeles , ventura , san bernardino , riverside , orange , and san diego counties with the other line connecting san bernardino , riverside , and orange counties directly .
article 102 prohibits the abuse of dominant position , such as price discrimination and exclusive dealing .
in works such as la nativité du seigneur ( 1935 ) and quatre études de rythme ( 1949–50 ) , he simultaneously employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers to create unpredictable rhythms : the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in the third étude , " neumes rythmiques " .
recent research has found a correlation between teacher enthusiasm and students ' intrinsic motivation to learn and vitality in the classroom .
hosted throughout its abc tenure by regis philbin , the program became a major ratings success throughout its initial summer run , which led abc to renew millionaire as a regular series , returning on january 18 , 2000. at its peak , the program aired as much as six nights a week .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
it was demolished to make way for grey street , where its replacement was built .
the affected region was approximate 1,160,000 square miles ( 3,000,000 km2 ) of rainforest , compared to 734,000 square miles ( 1,900,000 km2 ) in 2005. the 2010 drought had three epicenters where vegetation died off , whereas in 2005 the drought was focused on the southwestern part .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
the working fluid in a rankine cycle can operate as a closed loop system , where the working fluid is recycled continuously , or may be an " open loop " system , where the exhaust steam is directly released to the atmosphere , and a separate source of water feeding the boiler is supplied .
the cyclades packet switching network was a french research network designed and directed by louis pouzin .
the sinclair broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations by numerical total , owning or providing services to 28 abc affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates ; sinclair owns the largest abc subchannel affiliate by market size , wabm-dt2/wdbb-dt2 in the birmingham market , which serve as repeaters of wbma-ld ( the largest low-power " big four " affiliate by market size , which itself is also simulcast on a subchannel of former wbma satellite wgww , owned by sinclair partner company howard stirk holdings ) .
bolshevik leaders had effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire by 1921 , however with an internationalist ideology : lenin in particular asserted the right to limited self-determination for national minorities within the new territory .
the input string for a computational problem is referred to as a problem instance , and should not be confused with the problem itself .
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day .
it is generally agreed within the legal community , and is often believed within the activist community , that a suspect 's talking to criminal investigators can serve no useful purpose , and may be harmful .
the zeta function is closely related to prime numbers .
it has also been argued that breaking the law for self-gratification , as in the case of a homosexual or cannabis user who does not direct his act at securing the repeal of amendment of the law , is not civil disobedience .
however , recent anthropological findings have suggested that the region was actually densely populated .
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
velamen parallelum , which is typically less than 20 centimeters ( 0.66 ft ) long , can move much faster in what has been described as a " darting motion " .
individual-level interventions , including stress-management training and counseling , are also used to relieve occupational stress among teachers .
when two forces act on a point particle , the resulting force , the resultant ( also called the net force ) , can be determined by following the parallelogram rule of vector addition : the addition of two vectors represented by sides of a parallelogram , gives an equivalent resultant vector that is equal in magnitude and direction to the transversal of the parallelogram .
when the interstate highway system was created in the 1950s , the decision was made to build what is now interstate 5 on the west side of the central valley , and thus bypass many of the population centers in the region , instead of upgrading what is now state route 99. due to rapidly raising population and traffic in cities along sr 99 , as well as the desirability of federal funding , much discussion has been made to upgrade it to interstate standards and eventually incorporate it into the interstate system , most likely as interstate 9. major improvements to signage , lane width , median separation , vertical clearance , and other concerns are currently underway .
overall , between 1992 and 2008 the percent of pupils in such schools in germany increased from 6.1 % to 7.8 % ( including rise from 0.5 % to 6.1 % in the former gdr ) .
much of the discharge was routed to the rhine and its downstream extension .
in december 1966 , the as-205 mission was canceled , since the validation of the csm would be accomplished on the 14-day first flight , and as-205 would have been devoted to space experiments and contribute no new engineering knowledge about the spacecraft .
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015. the previous chairs were rajendra k. pachauri , elected in may 2002 ; robert watson in 1997 ; and bert bolin in 1988. the chair is assisted by an elected bureau including vice-chairs , working group co-chairs , and a secretariat .
:251 although the aircraft was probably impractical , it may be the earliest known design for what became the tiltrotor/tilt-wing concept as well as the earliest proposal for the use of turbine engines in rotor aircraft .
the mongol force that invaded southern china was far greater than the force they sent to invade the middle east in 1256. he died in 1259 without a successor .
within labor income distribution is due to differences in value added by different classifications of workers .
to the south is the mexico–united states border .
maurus servius honoratus , commentary on the aeneid of vergil ( 8.727 ) ( rhenus ) fluvius galliae , qui germanos a gallia dividit " ( the rhine is a ) river of gaul , which divides the germanic people from gaul . "
a portion of grainger town was demolished in the 1960s to make way for the eldon square shopping centre , including all but one side of the original eldon square itself .
in secondary schools they will be taught by different subject specialists each session during the week and may have ten or more different teachers .
newcastle was part of the county of northumberland until 1400 , when it became a county itself , a status it retained until becoming part of tyne and wear in 1974 .
because oil was priced in dollars , oil producers ' real income decreased .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
the first buildings of the university of chicago campus , which make up what is now known as the main quadrangles , were part of a " master plan " conceived by two university of chicago trustees and plotted by chicago architect henry ives cobb .
the dalek race , which first appeared in the show 's second serial in 1963 , are doctor who 's oldest villains .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
when rock units are placed under horizontal compression , they shorten and become thicker .
virtually all nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator .
kenya ( /ˈkɛnjə/ ; locally [ ˈkɛɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the republic of kenya , is a country in africa and a founding member of the east african community ( eac ) .
tesla noted the hazards of working with his circuit and single-node x-ray-producing devices .
another master plan , designed in 1999 and updated in 2004 , produced the gerald ratner athletics center ( 2003 ) , the max palevsky residential commons ( 2001 ) , south campus residence hall and dining commons ( 2009 ) , a new children 's hospital , and other construction , expansions , and restorations .
temüjin had three brothers named hasar , hachiun , and temüge , and one sister named temülen , as well as two half-brothers named begter and belgutei .
he intended his vigorous , direct language to make the bible accessible to everyday germans , " for we are removing impediments and difficulties so that other people may read it without hindrance . "
similarly , the sieve of eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered a prime : a modified version of the sieve that considers 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of 1 ( that is , all other numbers ) and produce as output only the single number 1. furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function .
it was not until the 1965–66 season that color became the dominant format for the three broadcast television networks .
the abc also provided partial funding for the 20th anniversary special the five doctors in 1983. repeats of both the classic and modern series have also been shown on subscription television channels bbc uktv , sf and later on syfy upon sf 's closure .
the basis for the social chapter was developed in 1989 by the " social partners " representatives , namely unice , the employers ' confederation , the european trade union confederation ( etuc ) and ceep , the european centre of public enterprises .
all schools must comply with government-set curriculum standards .
as an example , income inequality did fall in the united states during its high school movement from 1910 to 1940 and thereafter .
the highest temperature recorded was 104 °f ( 40 °c ) on july 11 , 1879 and july 28 , 1872. it is common for thunderstorms to erupt during a typical summer afternoon .
the implication that the style of lace known as 'bucks point ' demonstrates a huguenot influence , being a " combination of mechlin patterns on lille ground " , is fallacious : what is now known as mechlin lace did not develop until first half of the eighteenth century and lace with mechlin patterns and lille ground did not appear until the end of the 18th century , when it was widely copied throughout europe .
likewise , when carter wentworth was charged for his role in the clamshell alliance 's 1977 illegal occupation of the seabrook station nuclear power plant , the judge instructed the jury to disregard his competing harms defense , and he was found guilty .
this was first prompted by original star william hartnell 's poor health .
31:5 ) , the common prayer of the dying .
the snp took a further eight seats from the liberal democrats and one seat from the conservatives .
teaching may be carried out informally , within the family , which is called homeschooling , or in the wider community .
another section , brookhaven , on the southern edge of the west side south of jensen and west of elm , was given the name by the fresno city council in an effort to revitalize the neighborhood 's image .
the integer factorization problem is the computational problem of determining the prime factorization of a given integer .
the only reference to immigrant lacemakers in this period is of twenty-five widows who settled in dover , and there is no contemporary documentation to support there being huguenot lacemakers in bedfordshire .
a continuation of this process would , he says , eventually split the earth in two . "
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas .
therefore , the second scale shows the most recent eon with an expanded scale .
in most countries , the dispensary is subject to pharmacy legislation ; with requirements for storage conditions , compulsory texts , equipment , etc. , specified in legislation .
the main difference is that heat addition ( in the boiler ) and rejection ( in the condenser ) are isobaric ( constant pressure ) processes in the rankine cycle and isothermal ( constant temperature ) processes in the theoretical carnot cycle .
his companions are usually humans , as he has found a fascination with planet earth .
the far eastern collections include more than 70,000 works of art from the countries of east asia : china , japan and korea .
it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968. consolidation gave jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits ; with an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014 , it is the most populous city proper in florida and the southeast , and the 12th most populous in the united states .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . )
in canada , pharmacists in certain provinces have limited prescribing rights ( as in alberta and british columbia ) or are remunerated by their provincial government for expanded services such as medications reviews ( medschecks in ontario ) .
the city straddles the vistula river .
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers .
the word pharmacy is derived from its root word pharma which was a term used since the 15th–17th centuries .
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms .
the social charter became the basis for european community legislation on these issues in 40 pieces of legislation .
he lit electric lamps wirelessly at both locations , demonstrating the potential of wireless power transmission .
these campaigns were often accompanied by wholesale massacres of the civilian populations – especially in the khwarezmian and xia controlled lands .
the results of his unaided labours were submitted to the american philosophical society in a memoir entitled observations on the geology of the united states explanatory of a geological map , and published in the society 's transactions , together with the nation 's first geological map .
jacksonville also suffered damage from 2008 's tropical storm fay which crisscrossed the state , bringing parts of jacksonville under darkness for four days .
luther 's translation used the variant of german spoken at the saxon chancellery , intelligible to both northern and southern germans .
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto .
as such the law officers may attend and speak in the plenary meetings of the parliament but , as they are not elected msps , can not vote .
incorporated first by henry ii , the city had a new charter granted by elizabeth in 1589. a 25-foot ( 7.6 m ) high stone wall was built around the town in the 13th century , to defend it from invaders during the border war against scotland .
voters outside the city limits rejected annexation plans in six referendums between 1960 and 1965 .
he explained his concept of " justification " in the smalcald articles :
in 1862 , the tesla family moved to gospić , austrian empire , where tesla 's father worked as a pastor .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
at the start of the war , the french north american colonies had a population of roughly 60,000 european settlers , compared with 2 million in the british north american colonies .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
luther 's rediscovery of " christ and his salvation " was the first of two points that became the foundation for the reformation .
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away .
however , the emergence of hollywood as a major film production center ended the city 's film industry .
the british superintendent for indian affairs in the new york region and beyond , johnson was known to the iroquois as warraghiggey , meaning " he who does great things . "
in the spring of 1753 , paul marin de la malgue was given command of a 2,000-man force of troupes de la marine and indians .
by the time of the french and indian war ( the north american front of the seven years ' war ) , a sizeable population of huguenot descent lived in the british colonies , and many participated in the british defeat of new france in 1759-60 .
this included all research and development costs ; the procurement of 15 saturn v rockets , 16 command/service modules , 12 lunar modules , plus program support and management costs ; construction expenses for facilities and their upgrading , and costs for flight operations .
while the commission has a monopoly on initiating legislation , the european parliament and the council of the european union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process .
members of the genus dinophysis have a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte .
the v & a dundee will be on the city 's waterfront and is intended to focus on fashion , architecture , product design , graphic arts and photography .
in the wake of the iranian revolution the saudis were forced to deal with the prospect of internal destabilization via the radicalism of islamism , a reality which would quickly be revealed in the seizure of the grand mosque in mecca by wahhabi extremists during november 1979 and a shiite revolt in the oil rich al-hasa region of saudi arabia in december of the same year .
there are many forms of spiritual or religious teachers in christianity , across all three major traditions - ( roman ) catholic , ( eastern ) orthodox catholic , and protestant/non-denominational , with a stronger tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical christian traditions with a long tradition of " discernment of spirits " , of vocations , and other aspects of spiritual life , especially the roman and orthodox catholic churches .
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction .
in the united states , pharmaceutical care or clinical pharmacy has had an evolving influence on the practice of pharmacy .
with a population of 3,792,621 , los angeles is the most populous city in california and the second most populous in the united states .
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
for example , integers can be represented in binary notation , and graphs can be encoded directly via their adjacency matrices , or by encoding their adjacency lists in binary .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
the warfare was definitively quelled in 1598 , when henry of navarre , having succeeded to the french throne as henry iv , and having recanted protestantism in favour of roman catholicism , issued the edict of nantes .
one of the rarest items in the collection is the 58 cm high gloucester candlestick , dated to c1110 , made from gilt bronze ; with highly elaborate and intricate intertwining branches containing small figures and inscriptions , it is a tour de force of bronze casting .
committees can also meet at other locations throughout scotland .
though john wesley originally wanted the methodists to stay within the church of england , the american revolution decisively separated the methodists in the american colonies from the life and sacraments of the anglican church .
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere .
the mongols defeated the loyalists at the battle of yamen in 1279. the last song emperor drowned , bringing an end to the song dynasty .
abc has also aired the miss america pageant from 1954 to 1956 , 1997 to 2005 ( with the television rights being assumed by cable channel tlc in 2006 , when the pageant moved from its longtime homebase in atlantic city to las vegas , before returning to atlantic city in 2013 ) and since 2011. under its current contract with the miss america organization , abc will continue to broadcast the pageant through 2016 .
the famous cavalry expedition led by subutai and jebe , in which they encircled the entire caspian sea defeating all armies in their path , remains unparalleled to this day , and word of the mongol triumphs began to trickle to other nations , particularly europe .
air did not play a role in phlogiston theory , nor were any initial quantitative experiments conducted to test the idea ; instead , it was based on observations of what happens when something burns , that most common objects appear to become lighter and seem to lose something in the process .
more than 1 million people are expected to attend the festivities in san francisco during super bowl week .
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . "
the development of this fertile soil allowed agriculture and silviculture in the previously hostile environment ; meaning that large portions of the amazon rainforest are probably the result of centuries of human management , rather than naturally occurring as has previously been supposed .
on august 29 , 1994 , abc purchased flint , michigan affiliate wjrt-tv and wtvg in toledo , ohio ( which was previously affiliated with abc from 1958 to 1970 ) from sjl broadcast management , with the latter switching to abc once its contract with nbc expired two months after the purchase was finalized in early 1995. both stations were acquired as a contingency plan in the event that cbs reached an affiliation deal with wxyz-tv ( to replace wjbk , which switched to fox as a result of that network 's group affiliation agreement with new world communications ) in order to allow the network to retain some over-the-air presence in the detroit market ( the e.w .
the most famous traveler of the period was the venetian marco polo , whose account of his trip to " cambaluc , " the capital of the great khan , and of life there astounded the people of europe .
formal teaching may be carried out by paid professionals .
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction .
some huguenots fought in the low countries alongside the dutch against spain during the first years of the dutch revolt ( 1568–1609 ) .
that is , luther depicted the trinity not as a doctrine to be learned , but as persons to be known .
they trained and conducted tests of their spacecraft at north american , and in the altitude chamber at the kennedy space center .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc .
these advances led to the development of a layered model of the earth , with a crust and lithosphere on top , the mantle below ( separated within itself by seismic discontinuities at 410 and 660 kilometers ) , and the outer core and inner core below that .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
excellent job opportunities are expected as retirements , especially among secondary school teachers , outweigh slowing enrollment growth ; opportunities will vary by geographic area and subject taught .
by mass , oxygen is the third-most abundant element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
air did not play a role in phlogiston theory , nor were any initial quantitative experiments conducted to test the idea ; instead , it was based on observations of what happens when something burns , that most common objects appear to become lighter and seem to lose something in the process .
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
he allowed them to make decisions on their own when they embarked on campaigns far from the mongol empire capital karakorum .
this was followed by five launches of boilerplate csms ( designated as-101 through as-105 ) into orbit in 1964 and 1965. the last three of these further supported the apollo program by also carrying pegasus satellites , which verified the safety of the translunar environment by measuring the frequency and severity of micrometeorite impacts .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
in 1854 at ballarat there was an armed rebellion against the government of victoria by miners protesting against mining taxes ( the " eureka stockade " ) .
in 1960 , canadian entrepreneur john bassett , who was trying to establish a television station in toronto , sought the help of abc to launch the station .
since its inception , abc has had many affiliated stations , which include wabc-tv and wpvi-tv , the first two stations to carry the network 's programming .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
in 1211 , after the conquest of western xia , genghis khan planned again to conquer the jin dynasty .
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) .
at saint evroul , a tradition of singing had developed and the choir achieved fame in normandy .
following the initial success of these series , abc revamped its friday night schedule around family-friendly comedies in the late 1980s , culminating in the 1989 debut of the " tgif " block ( which promotions referenced stood for " thank goodness it 's funny " ) .
after months of work , tesla fulfilled the task and inquired about payment .
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america .
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005. in this latter gallery stained glass is displayed alongside silverware starting in the 12th century and continuing to the present .
kenya has competed in the cricket world cup since 1996. they upset some of the world 's best teams and reached semi-finals of the 2003 tournament .
alongside the traditional media availabilities , the event featured an opening ceremony with player introductions on a replica of the golden gate bridge .
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig .
thomas sowell , in his book knowledge and decisions , claims that this difference is due to women not taking jobs due to marriage or pregnancy , but income studies show that that does not explain the entire difference .
another example is from the 1986 serial the trial of a time lord , where michael jayston portrayed the valeyard , who is described as an amalgamation of the darker sides of the doctor 's nature , somewhere between his twelfth and final incarnation .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
to the east is the colorado desert and the colorado river at the border with arizona , and the mojave desert at the border with the state of nevada .
the harvard art museums comprises three museums .
tesla claimed to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy that he started working on in 1892 , and in 1937 , at age 81 , claimed in a letter to have completed a " dynamic theory of gravity " that " [ would ] put an end to idle speculations and false conceptions , as that of curved space . "
in 2005 the factory was sold to avtozaz , a ukrainian car manufacturer which assembled there the chevrolet aveo .
harvard has an intense athletic rivalry with yale university culminating in the game , although the harvard–yale regatta predates the football game .
he first constructed fort presque isle ( near present-day erie , pennsylvania ) on lake erie 's south shore .
although a patent-sharing agreement was signed between the two companies in 1896 westinghouse was still cash-strapped from the financial warfare .
the eye crossed st. augustine with winds that had just barely diminished to 110 mph ( 180 km/h ) , making it a strong category 2 on the saffir-simpson scale .
the brotherhood 's base of devout middle class found common cause with the impoverished youth of the intifada in their cultural conservatism and antipathy for activities of the secular middle class such as drinking alcohol and going about without hijab .
this is because competition between workers drives down the wage .
in contrast to the views of john calvin and philipp melanchthon , throughout his life luther maintained that it was not false doctrine to believe that a christian 's soul sleeps after it is separated from the body in death ; and , accordingly , he disputed traditional interpretations of some bible passages , such as the parable of the rich man and lazarus .
the objective is typically accomplished through either an informal or formal approach to learning , including a course of study and lesson plan that teaches skills , knowledge and/or thinking skills .
newcastle 's gay scene - 'the pink triangle ' - is centred on the times square area near the centre for life and has a range of bars , cafés and clubs .
like the helicosproidia , they 're parasitic , and have a nonphotosynthetic chloroplast .
in addition , residents in unincorporated suburbs had difficulty obtaining municipal services , such as sewage and building code enforcement .
in 1640 pierre de fermat stated ( without proof ) fermat 's little theorem ( later proved by leibniz and euler ) .
the umc supports federal funding for research on embryos created for ivf that remain after the procreative efforts have ceased , if the embryos were provided for research instead of being destroyed , were not obtained by sale , and those donating had given prior informed consent for the research purposes .
later in life , tesla made claims concerning a " teleforce " weapon after studying the van de graaff generator .
on the extended lunar missions , an orbital scientific instrument package was carried .
[ h ] passengers traveling in ( pressurized ) commercial airplanes have an emergency supply of o 2 automatically supplied to them in case of cabin depressurization .
he states that maps " contributed to empire by promoting , assisting , and legitimizing the extension of french and british power into west africa " .
greater london has over 900,000 muslims , ( most of south asian origins and concentrated in the east london boroughs of newham , tower hamlets and waltham forest ) , and among them are some with a strong islamist outlook .
chloroplasts may be converted to chromoplasts , which are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
this debate has proved difficult to resolve because the practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean that data sampling is biased away from the center of the amazon basin , and both explanations are reasonably well supported by the available data .
operation anvil opened on 24 april 1954 , after weeks of planning by the army with the approval of the war council .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt .
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship .
temüjin rescued her with the help of his friend and future rival , jamukha , and his protector , toghrul khan of the keraite tribe .
in 1993 , for the franchise 's 30th anniversary , another charity special , titled dimensions in time was produced for children in need , featuring all of the surviving actors who played the doctor and a number of previous companions .
johnson 's advance stopped at fort william henry , and the french withdrew to ticonderoga point , where they began the construction of fort carillon ( later renamed fort ticonderoga after british capture in 1759 ) .
pharmacy technicians are now more dependent upon automation to assist them in their new role dealing with patients ' prescriptions and patient safety issues .
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day .
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign. ” if a man chose to be an agent of injustice , then thoreau insisted on confronting him with the fact that he was making a choice .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
nearly 3,000 protestants were slaughtered in toulouse alone .
the french and indian war ( 1754–1763 ) was the north american theater of the worldwide seven years ' war .
teaching in canada requires a post-secondary degree bachelor 's degree .
these foreign bodies are picked up as magma or lava flows , and are incorporated , later to cool in the matrix .
other bacteria generate surface proteins that bind to antibodies , rendering them ineffective ; examples include streptococcus ( protein g ) , staphylococcus aureus ( protein a ) , and peptostreptococcus magnus ( protein l ) .
it fostered the development of a standard version of the german language , added several principles to the art of translation , and influenced the writing of an english translation , the tyndale bible .
structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples to observe the fabric within the rocks which gives information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks .
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 .
in the fall of 2015 , abc is stopped with its 1998–2002 four-note jingles for promotions and production company vanity cards following the closing credits of most of its programs over seventeen years , now it have a different and adventure-type music ( with the drums of the network 's four-note signature in the ending ) .
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz .
besides , within the city borders , there are also : pole mokotowskie ( a big park in the northern mokotów , where was the first horse racetrack and then the airport ) , park ujazdowski ( close to the sejm and john lennon street ) , park of culture and rest in powsin , by the southern city border , park skaryszewski by the right vistula bank , in praga .
in 1972 , richard karp took this idea a leap forward with his landmark paper , " reducibility among combinatorial problems " , in which he showed that 21 diverse combinatorial and graph theoretical problems , each infamous for its computational intractability , are np-complete .
kenya 's services sector , which contributes 61 % of gdp , is dominated by tourism .
when b cells and t cells are activated and begin to replicate , some of their offspring become long-lived memory cells .
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower .
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) .
the scottish parliament building was designed by spanish architect enric miralles in partnership with local edinburgh architecture firm rmjm which was led by design principal tony kettle .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size .
many famous potters , such as josiah wedgwood , william de morgan and bernard leach as well as mintons & royal doulton are represented in the collection .
pope leo x was used to reformers and heretics , and he responded slowly , " with great care as is proper . "
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
although united methodist practices and interpretation of beliefs have evolved over time , these practices and beliefs can be traced to the writings of the church 's founders , especially john wesley and charles wesley ( anglicans ) , but also philip william otterbein and martin boehm ( united brethren ) , and jacob albright ( evangelical association ) .
there were 4 han tumens and 3 khitan tumens , with each tumen consisting of 10,000 troops .
through experimentation , it is determined that laboratory measurements of forces are fully consistent with the conceptual definition of force offered by newtonian mechanics .
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns .
the winning episodes were " the empty child " / " the doctor dances " ( 2006 ) , " the girl in the fireplace " ( 2007 ) , " blink " ( 2008 ) , " the waters of mars " ( 2010 ) , " the pandorica opens " / " the big bang " ( 2011 ) , and " the doctor 's wife " ( 2012 ) .
prokaryotes also possess acquired immunity , through a system that uses crispr sequences to retain fragments of the genomes of phage that they have come into contact with in the past , which allows them to block virus replication through a form of rna interference .
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area .
that year , roone arledge was named president of abc sports ; the company also founded abc pictures , a film production company which released its first picture that year , the ralph nelson-directed charly .
the german people , he urged , ought to heed these words " of the greatest antisemite of his time , the warner of his people against the jews . "
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
kenya 's installed capacity stood at 1,142 megawatts between 2001 and 2003. the state-owned kenya electricity generating company ( kengen ) , established in 1997 under the name of kenya power company , handles the generation of electricity , while kenya power handles the electricity transmission and distribution system in the country .
luther and his colleagues introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the electorate of saxony , which began in 1527. they also assessed the standard of pastoral care and christian education in the territory .
people from jacksonville may be called " jacksonvillians " or " jaxsons " ( also spelled " jaxons " ) .
politically , the system of government created by kublai khan was the product of a compromise between mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional chinese autocratic-bureaucratic system .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
upon the extinction of the local ducal line , the duchy was reincorporated into the polish crown in 1526 .
in 1959 , this rerun activity was completed with program syndication , with abc films selling programs to networks not owned by abc .
the plague struck various countries in the middle east during the pandemic , leading to serious depopulation and permanent change in both economic and social structures .
the european court of justice is the highest court able to interpret european union law .
martin luther was born to hans luder ( or ludher , later luther ) and his wife margarethe ( née lindemann ) on 10 november 1483 in eisleben , saxony , then part of the holy roman empire .
the tech coast is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region 's diversified technology and industrial base as well as its multitude of prestigious and world-renowned research universities and other public and private institutions .
ideal strings transmit tension forces instantaneously in action-reaction pairs so that if two objects are connected by an ideal string , any force directed along the string by the first object is accompanied by a force directed along the string in the opposite direction by the second object .
some autoimmune diseases such as lupus erythematosus strike women preferentially , and their onset often coincides with puberty .
the main response of the immune system to tumors is to destroy the abnormal cells using killer t cells , sometimes with the assistance of helper t cells .
in the philippines , the private sector has been a major provider of educational services , accounting for about 7.5 % of primary enrollment , 32 % of secondary enrollment and about 80 % of tertiary enrollment .
the largest of these is the eldon square shopping centre , one of the largest city centre shopping complexes in the uk .
in 2006 tatiana kuplich organized the trees of the amazon into four categories : ( 1 ) mature forest , ( 2 ) regenerating forest [ less than three years ] , ( 3 ) regenerating forest [ between three and five years of regrowth ] , and ( 4 ) regenerating forest [ eleven to eighteen years of continued development ] .
sizeable minorities of other faiths do exist ( muslim 11.2 % , indigenous beliefs 1.7 % ) , and nonreligious 2.4 % .
some normans joined turkish forces to aid in the destruction of the armenians vassal-states of sassoun and taron in far eastern anatolia .
in 1938 , the fcc began a series of investigations into the practices of radio networks and published its report on the broadcasting of network radio programs in 1940. the report recommended that rca give up control of either nbc red or nbc blue .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
the meaning of imperialism is to create an empire , by conquering the other state 's lands and therefore increasing its own dominance .
cryptophytes , or cryptomonads are a group of algae that contain a red-algal derived chloroplast .
the climate in newcastle is oceanic ( köppen cfb ) and significantly milder than some other locations in the world at a similar latitude , due to the warming influence of the gulf stream ( via the north atlantic drift ) .
approximately one million protestants in modern france represent some 2 % of its population .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
webb also reassigned apollo spacecraft program office ( aspo ) manager joseph francis shea , replacing him with george low .
first , during the early slow-wave-sleep stage , a sudden drop in blood levels of cortisol , epinephrine , and norepinephrine induce increased blood levels of the hormones leptin , pituitary growth hormone , and prolactin .
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated .
the two us navy bases , blount island command and the nearby naval submarine base kings bay form the third largest military presence in the united states .
the aare also contains the waters from the 4,274 m ( 14,022 ft ) summit of finsteraarhorn , the highest point of the rhine basin .
the plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of british bacteriologist j. f. d. shrewsbury in 1970 , who noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague , leading him to conclude that contemporary accounts were exaggerations .
priestley published his findings in 1775 in a paper titled " an account of further discoveries in air " which was included in the second volume of his book titled experiments and observations on different kinds of air .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
on 17 april 1879 , milutin tesla died at the age of 60 after contracting an unspecified illness ( although some sources say that he died of a stroke ) .
atp synthase uses the energy from the flowing hydrogen ions to phosphorylate adenosine diphosphate into adenosine triphosphate , or atp .
on his 50th birthday in 1906 , tesla demonstrated his 200 horsepower ( 150 kilowatts ) 16,000 rpm bladeless turbine .
these were all formulated and experimentally verified before isaac newton expounded his three laws of motion .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
these values are much greater than the 9–88 cm as projected by the ipcc itself in its third assessment report , published in 2001 " .
for example , prime ideals in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields can be used in proving quadratic reciprocity , a statement that concerns the solvability of quadratic equations
there are two major subtypes of t cells : the killer t cell and the helper t cell .
these chloroplasts , which can be traced back directly to a cyanobacterial ancestor , are known as primary plastids ( " plastid " in this context means almost the same thing as chloroplast ) .
in europe there are old pharmacies still operating in dubrovnik , croatia , located inside the franciscan monastery , opened in 1317 ; and in the town hall square of tallinn , estonia , dating from at least 1422. the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum .
the program passed into history by 1910 .
luther responded to these theses with six series of theses against agricola and the antinomians , four of which became the basis for disputations between 1538 and 1540. he also responded to these assertions in other writings , such as his 1539 open letter to c. güttel against the antinomians , and his book on the councils and the church from the same year .
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region .
also included are tapestries from john vanderbank 's workshop which was the leading english tapestry manufactory in the late 17th century and early 18th century .
the eleventh doctor became the first to travel with a married couple , amy pond ( karen gillan ) and rory williams ( arthur darvill ) , whilst out-of-sync meetings with river song ( alex kingston ) and clara oswald ( jenna coleman ) provided ongoing story arcs .
osweiler was injured , however , leading to manning 's return during the week 17 regular season finale , where the broncos were losing 13–7 against the 4–11 san diego chargers , resulting in manning re-claiming the starting quarterback position for the playoffs by leading the team to a key 27–20 win that enabled the team to clinch the number one overall afc seed .
this revolution resulted in the urbanization of the city .
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay .
general relativity offers an equivalence between space-time and mass , but lacking a coherent theory of quantum gravity , it is unclear as to how or whether this connection is relevant on microscales .
apollo also spurred advances in many areas of technology incidental to rocketry and manned spaceflight , including avionics , telecommunications , and computers .
bishops thus elected serve episcopal areas , which consist of one or more annual conferences .
general relativity offers an equivalence between space-time and mass , but lacking a coherent theory of quantum gravity , it is unclear as to how or whether this connection is relevant on microscales .
palisade mesophyll cells can contain 30–70 chloroplasts per cell , while stomatal guard cells contain only around 8–15 per cell , as well as much less chlorophyll .
in the same year , he patented the tesla coil .
this relationship eventually produced closer ties of blood through the marriage of emma , sister of duke richard ii of normandy , and king ethelred ii of england .
genghis khan united the mongol and turkic tribes of the steppes and became great khan in 1206. he and his successors expanded the mongol empire across asia .
with isotopic dates it became possible to assign absolute ages to rock units , and these absolute dates could be applied to fossil sequences in which there was datable material , converting the old relative ages into new absolute ages .
as such , two official bodies of the united methodist church are part of the religious coalition for reproductive choice 's governing coalition , the general board of church and society , and the united methodist women .
viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901 , with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by walter reed .
out of these , three are heavy populated areas : the los angeles area with over 12 million inhabitants , the riverside-san bernardino area with over four million inhabitants , and the san diego area with over 3 million inhabitants .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
he went on to produce several critical pamphlets on islam , which he called " mohammedanism " or " the turk " .
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime .
nintendo and the pokémon company also made their super bowl debut , promoting the 20th anniversary of the pokémon video game and media franchise .
writers whose papers are in the library are as diverse as charles dickens and beatrix potter .
in 1974 the museum had acquired what is now the henry cole wing from the royal college of science .
following the merger , thomas s. murphy left abc with robert iger taking his place as president and ceo .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
galileo concluded that motion in a constant velocity was completely equivalent to rest .
since approximately 600,000 years ago , six major ice ages have occurred , in which sea level dropped 120 m ( 390 ft ) and much of the continental margins became exposed .
early valves could be adjusted by engine drivers , leading to many accidents when a driver fastened the valve down to allow greater steam pressure and more power from the engine .
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " .
lead authors of ipcc reports assess the available information about climate change based on published sources .
the second step of the factory project is to catalog everything .
the country 's literacy level stands at 85 % of the whole population .
this makes plastid transformation a valuable tool for the creation and cultivation of genetically modified plants that are biologically contained , thus posing significantly lower environmental risks .
oxfam 's claims have however been questioned on the basis of the methodology used : by using net wealth ( adding up assets and subtracting debts ) , the oxfam report , for instance , finds that there are more poor people in the united states and western europe than in china ( due to a greater tendency to take on debts ) .
in india , private schools are called independent schools , but since some private schools receive financial aid from the government , it can be an aided or an unaided school .
the islamic republic has also maintained its hold on power in iran in spite of us economic sanctions , and has created or assisted like-minded shia terrorist groups in iraq , egypt , syria , jordan ( sciri ) and lebanon ( hezbollah ) ( two muslim countries that also have large shiite populations ) .
he went on to produce several critical pamphlets on islam , which he called " mohammedanism " or " the turk " .
on 28 february 2008 , kibaki and odinga signed an agreement on the formation of a coalition government in which odinga would become kenya 's second prime minister .
the time and memory consumption of these alternate models may vary .
according to daniel goldhagen , bishop martin sasse , a leading protestant churchman , published a compendium of luther 's writings shortly after kristallnacht , for which diarmaid macculloch , professor of the history of the church in the university of oxford argued that luther 's writing was a " blueprint . "
establishing " natural borders " on the rhine was a long-term goal of french foreign policy , since the middle ages , though the language border was – and is – far more to the west .
genghis khan had the city 's surviving population assemble in the main mosque of the town , where he declared that he was the flail of god , sent to punish them for their sins .
other basic immune mechanisms evolved in ancient eukaryotes and remain in their modern descendants , such as plants and invertebrates .
it won five bafta tv awards , including best drama series , the highest-profile and most prestigious british television award for which the series has ever been nominated .
watt 's original low-pressure designs were able to deliver duty as high as 25 million , but averaged about 17. this was a three-fold improvement over the average newcomen design .
many machine models different from the standard multi-tape turing machines have been proposed in the literature , for example random access machines .
galileo concluded that motion in a constant velocity was completely equivalent to rest .
the surface of most metals , such as aluminium and titanium , are oxidized in the presence of air and become coated with a thin film of oxide that passivates the metal and slows further corrosion .
the score marked the first time in the entire postseason that carolina was facing a deficit .
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized .
an early important political response to the opening of hostilities was the convening of the albany congress in june and july , 1754. the goal of the congress was to formalize a unified front in trade and negotiations with various indians , since allegiance of the various tribes and nations was seen to be pivotal in the success in the war that was unfolding .
some of the other allocution speeches given by the protesters complained about mistreatment from government officials .
breakfast is usually tea or porridge with bread , chapati , mahamri , boiled sweet potatoes or yams .
the battle ended inconclusively , with both sides withdrawing from the field .
boulton and watt 's early engines used half as much coal as john smeaton 's improved version of newcomen 's .
the concert aired on bbci on christmas day 2006. a doctor who prom was celebrated on 27 july 2008 in the royal albert hall as part of the annual bbc proms .
can have infinitely many primes only when a and q are coprime , i.e. , their greatest common divisor is one .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
montcalm focused his meager resources on the defense of the st. lawrence , with primary defenses at carillon , quebec , and louisbourg , while vaudreuil argued unsuccessfully for a continuation of the raiding tactics that had worked quite effectively in previous years .
co-teaching focuses the student on learning by providing a social networking support that allows them to reach their full cognitive potential .
temüjin had killed the men who betrayed jamukha , stating that he did not want disloyal men in his army .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
according to kuznets , countries with low levels of development have relatively equal distributions of wealth .
in 2007 , bskyb and virgin media became involved in a dispute over the carriage of sky channels on cable tv .
the united states is divided into five jurisdictions : northeastern , southeastern , north central , south central and western .
amazonian evergreen forests account for about 10 % of the world 's terrestrial primary productivity and 10 % of the carbon stores in ecosystems—of the order of 1.1 × 1011 metric tonnes of carbon .
the embargo had a negative influence on the us economy by causing immediate demands to address the threats to u.s. energy security .
in 1237 batu khan , a grandson of genghis khan , launched an invasion into kievan rus ' .
a further contract to build the ac distribution system was awarded to general electric .
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000. the three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined .
acute oxygen toxicity ( causing seizures , its most feared effect for divers ) can occur by breathing an air mixture with 21 % o 2 at 66 m or more of depth ; the same thing can occur by breathing 100 % o 2 at only 6 m .
such exemplary saints include martyrs , confessors of the faith , evangelists , or important biblical figures such as saint matthew , lutheran theologian and martyr to the nazis dietrich bonhoeffer , salvation army founder william booth , african missionary david livingstone and methodism 's revered founder john wesley are among many cited as protestant saints .
among other things , the new constitution delegates more power to local governments and gives kenyans a bill of rights .
the primary companions of the ninth and tenth doctors were rose tyler ( billie piper ) , martha jones ( freema agyeman ) , and donna noble ( catherine tate ) with mickey smith ( noel clarke ) and jack harkness ( john barrowman ) recurring as secondary companion figures .
in 1984 zoologist graham twigg produced the first major work to challenge the bubonic plague theory directly , and his doubts about the identity of the black death have been taken up by a number of authors , including samuel k. cohn , jr. ( 2002 ) , david herlihy ( 1997 ) , and susan scott and christopher duncan ( 2001 ) .
this process reduces the efficiency of photosynthesis—it consumes atp and oxygen , releases co2 , and produces no sugar .
if the parliament itself resolves that it should be dissolved ( with at least two-thirds of the members voting in favour ) , or if the parliament fails to nominate one of its members to be first minister within 28 days of a general election or of the position becoming vacant , the presiding officer proposes a date for an extraordinary general election and the parliament is dissolved by the queen by royal proclamation .
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue .
robert underwood johnson described him as attaining a " distinguished sweetness , sincerity , modesty , refinement , generosity , and force . "
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
in developed countries , obesity , alcoholism , and drug use are common causes of poor immune function .
according to the 1901 census , out of 711,988 inhabitants 56.2 % were catholics , 35.7 % jews , 5 % greek orthodox christians and 2.8 % protestants .
price controls exacerbated the crisis in the us .
the best examples of newcomen designs had a duty of about 7 million , but most were closer to 5 million .
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york .
the city 's garrison resisted until february 1082 , when dyrrachium was betrayed to the normans by the venetian and amalfitan merchants who had settled there .
at the beginning of 1893 westinghouse engineer benjamin lamme had made great progress developing an efficient version of tesla 's induction motor and westinghouse electric started branding their complete polyphase phase ac system as the " tesla polyphase system " , noting how they believed tesla 's patents gave them patent priority over other ac systems .
marin constructed a second fort at fort le boeuf ( present-day waterford , pennsylvania ) , designed to guard the headwaters of leboeuf creek .
another factor in the early 1990s that worked to radicalize the islamist movement was the gulf war , which brought several hundred thousand us and allied non-muslim military personnel to saudi arabian soil to put an end to saddam hussein 's occupation of kuwait .
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable .
the megaregion 's area is more expansive , extending east into las vegas , nevada , and south across the mexican border into tijuana .
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage .
the historic heart of newcastle is the grainger town area .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
however , most of it is often based on necessity rather than opportunity .
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015. the previous chairs were rajendra k. pachauri , elected in may 2002 ; robert watson in 1997 ; and bert bolin in 1988. the chair is assisted by an elected bureau including vice-chairs , working group co-chairs , and a secretariat .
this often used to take place in the classroom or hallway , but nowadays the punishment is usually given privately in the principal 's office .
since kublai khan only esteemed the sakya sect of tibetan buddhism , other religions became less important .
teachers in wales can be registered members of trade unions such as atl , nut or nasuwt and reports in recent years suggest that the average age of teachers in wales is falling with teachers being younger than in previous years .
for its part , the television network produced a few new hits during 1977 : january saw the premiere of roots , a miniseries based on an alex haley novel that was published the previous year ; in september , the love boat , a comedy-drama anthology series produced by aaron spelling which was based around the crew of a cruise ship and featured three stories centered partly on the ship 's various passengers ; although critically lambasted , the series turned out to be a ratings success and lasted nine seasons .
however , kgo-tv in san francisco , which had received its license prior to the freeze , made its debut on may 5 , 1949. on may 7 , 1949 , billboard revealed that abc had proposed an investment of $ 6.25 million , of which it would spend $ 2.5 million to convert 20 acres ( 80,937 m2 ) of land in hollywood into what would become the prospect studios , and construct a transmitter on mount wilson , in anticipation of the launch of keca-tv , which was scheduled to begin operations on august 1 ( but would not actually sign on until september 16 ) .
the fourth yuan emperor , buyantu khan ( ayurbarwada ) , was a competent emperor .
the yuan government used woodblocks to print paper money , but switched to bronze plates in 1275. the mongols experimented with establishing the chinese-style paper monetary system in mongol-controlled territories outside of china .
sadat was later assassinated and a formidable insurgency was formed in egypt in the 1990s .
his opinion stemmed from the belief that humans ' " pity " had interfered with the natural " ruthless workings of nature , " rather than from conceptions of a " master race " or inherent superiority of one person over another .
phrased as a decision problem , it is the problem of deciding whether the input has a factor less than k. no efficient integer factorization algorithm is known , and this fact forms the basis of several modern cryptographic systems , such as the rsa algorithm .
for the 2012–13 school year annual tuition was $ 38,000 , with a total cost of attendance of $ 57,000 .
the extent of hadrian 's wall was 73 miles ( 117 km ) , spanning the width of britain ; the wall incorporated the vallum , a large rearward ditch with parallel mounds , and was constructed primarily for defence , to prevent unwanted immigration and the incursion of pictish tribes from the north , not as a fighting line for a major invasion .
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates .
in the united states , the industry in 2014 has around $ 960 billion in annual revenue according to statistics tracked by the census bureau , of which $ 680 billion is private ( split evenly between residential and nonresidential ) and the remainder is government .
temperature extremes recorded at newcastle weather centre include 32.5 °c ( 90.5 °f ) during august 1990 down to −12.6 °c ( 9.3 °f ) during january 1982. in contrast to other areas influenced by the gulf stream , such as inland scandinavia , newcastle has milder winters and cooler summers , similar to the remainder of the british isles .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
for example , derrick norman lehmer 's list of primes up to 10,006,721 , reprinted as late as 1956 , started with 1 as its first prime .
around 1294 , a french version of the scriptures was prepared by the roman catholic priest , guyard de moulin .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
the european court of justice is the supreme judicial body which interprets eu law , and develops it through precedent .
since its invention in 1269 , the 'phags-pa script , a unified script for spelling mongolian , tibetan , and chinese languages , was preserved in the court until the end of the dynasty .
co-teaching has also become a new trend amongst educational institutions .
the holocene ( the latest epoch ) is too small to be shown clearly on the third timeline on the right , another reason for expanding the fourth scale .
roman catholic theology stated that faith alone , whether fiduciary or dogmatic , can not justify man ; justification rather depends only on such faith as is active in charity and good works ( fides caritate formata ) .
under the terms of the scotland act 1978 , an elected assembly would be set up in edinburgh provided that the majority of the scottish electorate voted for it in a referendum to be held on 1 march 1979 that represented at least 40 % of the total electorate .
some civil disobedients , such as the proprietors of illegal medical cannabis dispensaries and voice in the wilderness , which brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the u.s. government , directly achieve a desired social goal ( such as the provision of medication to the sick ) while openly breaking the law .
genghis khan ordered the wholesale massacre of many of the civilians , enslaved the rest of the population and executed inalchuq by pouring molten silver into his ears and eyes , as retribution for his actions .
a study published in nature in october 2011 sequenced the genome of y. pestis from plague victims and indicated that the strain that caused the black death is ancestral to most modern strains of the disease .
the united methodist church also believes that jesus explicitly repudiated the lex talionis in matthew 5:38-39 and abolished the death penalty in john 8:7. the general conference of the united methodist church calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment and for governments to enact an immediate moratorium on carrying out the death penalty sentence .
for luther , also christ 's life , when understood as an example , is nothing more than an illustration of the ten commandments , which a christian should follow in his or her vocations on a daily basis .
the tech coast is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region 's diversified technology and industrial base as well as its multitude of prestigious and world-renowned research universities and other public and private institutions .
the beroida , also known as nuda , have no feeding appendages , but their large pharynx , just inside the large mouth and filling most of the saclike body , bears " macrocilia " at the oral end .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
in 1983 , for the 40th anniversary of the network 's founding , id sequences had the logo appear in a gold cgi design on a blue background , accompanied by the slogan " that special feeling " in a script font .
the press variably referred to it as a " peace ray " or death ray .
mongolia 's main international airport in ulaanbaatar is named chinggis khaan international airport .
as a result , abc and disney 's first television collaboration ended in 1961 ( the network would resume its relationship with disney in 1985 , when the anthology series returned to the network for a three-season run as the disney sunday movie until it lost the rights to nbc again in 1988 ; the disney anthology series would return to abc in 1996 , following the company 's purchase of the future capital cities/abc , as the wonderful world of disney ) .
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 .
this is underlined by an observation of herbivorous fishes deliberately feeding on gelatinous zooplankton during blooms in the red sea .
according to michael , just about every anti-jewish book printed in the third reich contained references to and quotations from luther .
their defeat by the swabian league at the battle of frankenhausen on 15 may 1525 , followed by müntzer 's execution , brought the revolutionary stage of the reformation to a close .
however , on may 3 , 2013 , the florida legislature refused to approve the funding plan to pay for the renovations , dealing a significant blow to miami 's chances .
the plague repeatedly returned to haunt europe and the mediterranean throughout the 14th to 17th centuries .
deacons serve a term of 2–3 years as provisional deacons prior to their ordination .
this law also exists in austria for general physicians if the nearest pharmacy is more than 4 kilometers away , or where none is registered in the city .
for example , dalton assumed that water 's formula was ho , giving the atomic mass of oxygen as 8 times that of hydrogen , instead of the modern value of about 16. in 1805 , joseph louis gay-lussac and alexander von humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen ; and by 1811 amedeo avogadro had arrived at the correct interpretation of water 's composition , based on what is now called avogadro 's law and the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules .
cabinet consists of representatives elected to either house of parliament .
the ruhr , which joins the rhine in duisburg , is nowadays a clean river , thanks to a combination of stricter environmental controls , a transition from heavy industry to light industry and cleanup measures , such as the reforestation of slag and brownfields .
clinical pharmacists care for patients in all health care settings , but the clinical pharmacy movement initially began inside hospitals and clinics .
to compensate for stagnating and declining purchasing power , political pressure has developed to extend easier credit to the lower and middle income earners – particularly to buy homes – and easier credit in general to keep unemployment rates low .
it has won the short form of the hugo award for best dramatic presentation , the oldest science fiction/fantasy award for films and series , six times ( every year since 2006 , except for 2009 , 2013 and 2014 ) .
the commission focused on identity and unity , which were critical issues at the time .
then after an incompletion , thomas davis tackled anderson for a 1-yard gain on third down , forcing denver to settle for a 3–0 lead on a brandon mcmanus 34-yard field goal .
the third invasion was stopped with the improbable french victory in the battle of carillon , in which 3,600 frenchmen famously and decisively defeated abercrombie 's force of 18,000 regulars , militia and native american allies outside the fort the french called carillon and the british called ticonderoga .
for example , it is not uncommon for mongolians to refer to their country as " genghis khan 's mongolia " , to themselves as " genghis khan 's children " , and to genghis khan as the " father of the mongols " especially among the younger generation .
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house .
mcletchie was elected on the lothian regional list and the conservatives suffered a net loss of five seats , with leader annabel goldie claiming that their support had held firm .
in the river , electric eels can produce an electric shock that can stun or kill , while piranha are known to bite and injure humans .
english chemist john mayow ( 1641–1679 ) refined this work by showing that fire requires only a part of air that he called spiritus nitroaereus or just nitroaereus .
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
annual rainfall has ranged from 23.57 inches ( 598.7 mm ) in the “ rain year ” from july 1982 to june 1983 down to 4.43 inches ( 112.5 mm ) from july 1933 to june 1934. the most rainfall in one month was 9.54 inches ( 242.3 mm ) in november 1885 and the most rainfall in 24 hours 3.55 inches ( 90.2 mm ) on november 18 , 1885. measurable precipitation falls on an average of 48 days annually .
the statement was in latin , apart from " we are beggars , " which was in german .
co-teaching is defined as two or more teachers working harmoniously to fulfill the needs of every student in the classroom .
shark tank ( based on the dragon 's den reality format ) also became a midseason sleeper hit on sundays in the spring of 2010 ; the following season , it became the tentpole of the network 's friday night schedule , gradually helping make abc a strong competitor ( after being paired with 20/20 and beginning with the 2012–13 season , the tim allen sitcom last man standing ) against cbs ' long-dominant drama/reality lineup on that night for the first time since the " tgif " lineup ended in 2000 .
in a few species like cyanidioschyzon merolæ , chloroplasts have a third plastid-dividing ring located in the chloroplast 's intermembrane space .
on 15 june 1520 , the pope warned luther with the papal bull ( edict ) exsurge domine that he risked excommunication unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings , including the 95 theses , within 60 days .
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population .
in past times , corporal punishment ( spanking or paddling or caning or strapping or birching the student in order to cause physical pain ) was one of the most common forms of school discipline throughout much of the world .
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time . after the series ' revival in 2005 ( the third notable period of high ratings ) , it has consistently had high viewership levels for the evening on which the episode is broadcast .
the public art pieces will be restored and placed near their current locations and will feature wide sidewalks ( up to 28 ' on the east side of the street ) to continue with the pedestrian friendly environment of the district .
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls .
westinghouse looked into getting a patent on a similar commutator-less , rotating magnetic field-based induction motor presented in a paper in march 1888 by the italian physicist galileo ferraris , but decided tesla 's patent would probably control the market .
there is much debate on this point , as some believe that it is a civil disobedient 's duty to submit to the punishment prescribed by law , while others believe that defending oneself in court will increase the possibility of changing the unjust law .
in time , kublai khan 's successors lost all influence on other mongol lands across asia , while the mongols beyond the middle kingdom saw them as too chinese .
for example , in his article , " a machine to end war " , published in 1937 , tesla stated :
huguenot immigrants did not disperse or settle in different parts of the country , but rather , formed three societies or congregations ; one in the city of new york , another 21 miles north of new york in a town which they named new rochelle , and a third further upstate in new paltz .
when the interstate highway system was created in the 1950s , the decision was made to build what is now interstate 5 on the west side of the central valley , and thus bypass many of the population centers in the region , instead of upgrading what is now state route 99. due to rapidly raising population and traffic in cities along sr 99 , as well as the desirability of federal funding , much discussion has been made to upgrade it to interstate standards and eventually incorporate it into the interstate system , most likely as interstate 9. major improvements to signage , lane width , median separation , vertical clearance , and other concerns are currently underway .
the grainger market architecture , like most in grainger town , which are either grade i or ii listed , was listed grade i in 1954 by english heritage .
the first commercial steam-powered device was a water pump , developed in 1698 by thomas savery .
the three most important aspects of teacher enthusiasm are enthusiasm about teaching , enthusiasm about the students , and enthusiasm about the subject matter .
the french protestant church of london was established by royal charter in 1550. it is now located at soho square .
tesla never married ; he said his chastity was very helpful to his scientific abilities .
they only pupate and then emerge from their burrows after 7 , 13 or 17 years , at which point they fly about , breed , and then die after a few weeks at most .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
the panthers line also featured veteran defensive end jared allen , a 5-time pro bowler who was the nfl 's active career sack leader with 136 , along with defensive end kony ealy , who had 5 sacks in just 9 starts .
scientists assess this aspect of water quality by measuring the water 's biochemical oxygen demand , or the amount of o 2 needed to restore it to a normal concentration .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
however , in real life , matter has extended structure and forces that act on one part of an object might affect other parts of an object .
the area was originally inhabited by the timucua people , and in 1564 was the site of the french colony of fort caroline , one of the earliest european settlements in what is now the continental united states .
a construction project is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations , each of which all parties must carefully consider .
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
christians , he said , must not slacken in following christ on account of such false assurances .
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls .
under the terms of the scotland act 1978 , an elected assembly would be set up in edinburgh provided that the majority of the scottish electorate voted for it in a referendum to be held on 1 march 1979 that represented at least 40 % of the total electorate .
some members of this community emigrated to the united states in the 1890s .
the harvard university library system is centered in widener library in harvard yard and comprises nearly 80 individual libraries holding over 18 million volumes .
in addition to the polish majority , there was a significant jewish minority in warsaw .
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver .
northumbria university was voted 'best new university ' by the times good university guide 2005 and also won a much coveted company award of the " most it enabled organisation " ( in the uk ) , by the it industry magazine computing .
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 .
in 1981 , the presidential working party on the second university was commissioned to look at both the possibilities of setting up a second university in kenya as well as the reforming of the entire education system .
the bbc will carry its own british english broadcast , with greg brady , darren fletcher and rocky boiman on commentary .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
he was a critic of the mainstream indian nationalist and secularist indian national congress .
in 2012 , the nation placed 139th out of 176 total countries in the cpi , with a score of 27/100 .
prime numbers are also used for hash tables and pseudorandom number generators .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
geographically , california 's north-south midway point lies at exactly 37° 9 ' 58.23 " latitude , around 11 miles ( 18 km ) south of san jose ; however , this does not coincide with popular use of the term .
the average plant biomass is estimated at 356 ± 47 tonnes per hectare .
norman adventurers founded the kingdom of sicily under roger ii after conquering southern italy on the saracens and byzantines , and an expedition on behalf of their duke , william the conqueror , led to the norman conquest of england at the battle of hastings in 1066. norman cultural and military influence spread from these new european centres to the crusader states of the near east , where their prince bohemond i founded the principality of antioch in the levant , to scotland and wales in great britain , to ireland , and to the coasts of north africa and the canary islands .
between about 1964 and 1973 , large amounts of older material stored in the bbc 's various video tape and film libraries were either destroyed , [ note 3 ] wiped , or suffered from poor storage which led to severe deterioration from broadcast quality .
while bskyb had been excluded from being a part of the ondigital consortium , thereby making them a competitor by default , bskyb was able to join itv digital 's free-to-air replacement , freeview , in which it holds an equal stake with the bbc , itv , channel 4 and national grid wireless .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
french huguenot explorer jean ribault charted the st. johns river in 1562 calling it the river of may because he discovered it in may .
the taliban were spawned by the thousands of madrasahs the deobandi movement established for impoverished afghan refugees and supported by governmental and religious groups in neighboring pakistan .
the focus on co-operation is to ameliorate the many problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry .
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments .
they viewed the economic value of the caribbean islands ' sugar cane to be greater and easier to defend than the furs from the continent .
( while a self-described state , it lacks international recognition . )
in contrast , autoimmunity results from a hyperactive immune system attacking normal tissues as if they were foreign organisms .
the companion figure – generally a human – has been a constant feature in doctor who since the programme 's inception in 1963. one of the roles of the companion is to remind the doctor of his " moral duty " .
a decade after the 1973 oil crisis , honda , toyota and nissan , affected by the 1981 voluntary export restraints , opened us assembly plants and established their luxury divisions ( acura , lexus and infiniti , respectively ) to distinguish themselves from their mass-market brands .
the european court of justice is the highest court able to interpret european union law .
nearly all of them are so small that they are not felt .
goldenson also cited interest in japan in the early 1950s , acquiring a 5 % stake in two new domestic networks , the mainichi broadcasting system in 1951 and nihon educational television in 1957. goldenson also invested in broadcasting properties in beirut in the mid-1960s .
injectors became popular in the 1850s but are no longer widely used , except in applications such as steam locomotives .
they killed many of the canadians , including their commanding officer , joseph coulon de jumonville , whose head was reportedly split open by tanaghrisson with a tomahawk .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
one of the things tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887 was an induction motor that ran on alternating current , a power system format that was starting to be built in europe and the united states because of its advantages in long-distance , high-voltage transmission .
the carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching , the new york times , and some students have criticized harvard for its reliance on teaching fellows for some aspects of undergraduate education ; they consider this to adversely affect the quality of education .
the antigens expressed by tumors have several sources ; some are derived from oncogenic viruses like human papillomavirus , which causes cervical cancer , while others are the organism 's own proteins that occur at low levels in normal cells but reach high levels in tumor cells .
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats .
luther 's rediscovery of " christ and his salvation " was the first of two points that became the foundation for the reformation .
though the british were later defeated at sainte foy in quebec , the french ceded canada in accordance with the 1763 treaty .
at a khuruldai , a council of mongol chiefs , temüjin was acknowledged as " khan " of the consolidated tribes and took the new title " genghis khan " .
the investigation of the pathogen that caused the 19th-century plague was begun by teams of scientists who visited hong kong in 1894 , among whom was the french-swiss bacteriologist alexandre yersin , after whom the pathogen was named yersinia pestis .
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice .
the mongol appointed governor of samarqand was a qara-khitay ( khitan ) , held the title taishi , familiar with chinese culture his name was ahai
the primary law of the eu consists mainly of the founding treaties , the " core " treaties being the treaty on european union ( teu ) and the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( tfeu ) .
the emperor presented the final draft of the edict of worms on 25 may 1521 , declaring luther an outlaw , banning his literature , and requiring his arrest : " we want him to be apprehended and punished as a notorious heretic . "
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages .
at the begin of the holocene ( ~11,700 years ago ) , the rhine occupied its late-glacial valley .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
the programme is listed in guinness world records as the longest-running science fiction television show in the world , the " most successful " science fiction series of all time—based on its over-all broadcast ratings , dvd and book sales , and itunes traffic— and for the largest ever simulcast of a tv drama with its 50th anniversary special .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists .
luther 's final journey , to mansfeld , was taken because of his concern for his siblings ' families continuing in their father hans luther 's copper mining trade .
the court has required that higher education , along with other forms of vocational training , should be more access , albeit with qualifying periods .
this deposition of complement can also kill cells directly by disrupting their plasma membrane .
temüjin began his ascent to power by offering himself as an ally ( or , according to other sources , a vassal ) to his father 's anda ( sworn brother or blood brother ) toghrul , who was khan of the keraites , and is better known by the chinese title " wang khan " , which the jurchen jin dynasty granted him in 1197. this relationship was first reinforced when börte was captured by the merkits .
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise .
these chloroplasts are bounded by up to five membranes , ( depending on whether you count the entire diatom endosymbiont as the chloroplast , or just the red algal derived chloroplast inside it ) .
but many ht members have gone on to join terrorist groups and many jihadi terrorists have cited ht as their key influence .
private schooling in the united states has been debated by educators , lawmakers and parents , since the beginnings of compulsory education in massachusetts in 1852. the supreme court precedent appears to favor educational choice , so long as states may set standards for educational accomplishment .
the hostile but weakened song dynasty remained an obstacle in the south .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
although the film was successful in the uk ( with 9.1 million viewers ) , it was less so in the united states and did not lead to a series .
when he arrived in albany , abercrombie refused to take any significant actions until loudoun approved them .
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic .
conversely , in geven v land nordrhein-westfalen the court of justice held that a dutch woman living in the netherlands , but working between 3 and 14 hours a week in germany , did not have a right to receive german child benefits , even though the wife of a man who worked full-time in germany but was resident in austria could .
prime ideals , which generalize prime elements in the sense that the principal ideal generated by a prime element is a prime ideal , are an important tool and object of study in commutative algebra , algebraic number theory and algebraic geometry .
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game .
in one of the richest agricultural regions in the u.s. , cattle and citrus were major industries until farmlands were turned into suburbs .
it was approved overwhelmingly by nearly 75 % of voters in the proposed territory of colorado .
warsaw is located on two main geomorphologic formations : the plain moraine plateau and the vistula valley with its asymmetrical pattern of different terraces .
it was however superseded by the british invention steam turbine where speed was required , for instance in warships , such as the dreadnought battleships , and ocean liners .
provided is a universal ku band lnb ( 9.75/10.600 ghz ) which is fitted at the end of the dish and pointed at the correct satellite constellation ; most digital receivers will receive the free to air channels .
imperialism is " a policy of extending a country 's power and influence through colonization , use of military force , or other means " .
" great mongol state " ) , resulting in dai ön yeke mongghul ulus ( mongolian script : ) , meaning " great yuan great mongol state " .
jamukha refused the offer of friendship and reunion , saying that there can only be one sun in the sky , and he asked for a noble death .
deforestation is considerable , and areas cleared of forest are visible to the naked eye from outer space .
where chp is not used , steam turbines in power stations use surface condensers as a cold sink .
today , this acceleration due to gravity towards the surface of the earth is usually designated as and has a magnitude of about 9.81 meters per second squared ( this measurement is taken from sea level and may vary depending on location ) , and points toward the center of the earth .
on tesla 's 75th birthday in 1931 , time magazine put him on its cover .
during that time in europe , on may 18 , 1756 , england formally declared war on france , which expanded the war into europe , which was later to be known as the seven years ' war .
in honor of the 50th super bowl , the pregame ceremony featured the on-field introduction of 39 of the 43 previous super bowl most valuable players .
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz .
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water .
if both of these pieces of information are not known for each force , the situation is ambiguous .
barred by the government from settling in new france , huguenots led by jessé de forest , sailed to north america in 1624 and settled instead in the dutch colony of new netherland ( later incorporated into new york and new jersey ) ; as well as great britain 's colonies , including nova scotia .
policies aiming at controlling unemployment and in particular at reducing its inequality-associated effects support economic growth .
restrictions implemented by disney–abc television group on january 7 , 2014 restrict streaming of the most recent episode of any abc program on hulu and watch abc until eight days after their initial broadcast , in order to encourage live or same-week ( via both dvr and cable on demand ) viewing , with day-after-air streaming on either service limited to subscribers of participating pay television providers ( such as comcast , verizon fios and time warner cable ) using an isp account via an authenticated user login .
broadcaster and writer stuart maconie described newcastle as england 's best-looking city and the late german-born british scholar of architecture , nikolaus pevsner , describes grey street as one of the finest streets in england .
his patents earned him a considerable amount of money , much of which was used to finance his own projects with varying degrees of success .
despite being relatively unaffected by the embargo , the uk nonetheless faced an oil crisis of its own - a series of strikes by coal miners and railroad workers over the winter of 1973–74 became a major factor in the change of government .
many churches preserve sculptured fonts , capitals , and more importantly mosaics , which were common in norman italy and drew heavily on the greek heritage .
vampire bats dwell in the rainforest and can spread the rabies virus .
the theory formalizes this intuition , by introducing mathematical models of computation to study these problems and quantifying the amount of resources needed to solve them , such as time and storage .
competition amongst workers tends to drive down wages due to the expendable nature of the worker in relation to his or her particular job .
at the begin of the holocene ( ~11,700 years ago ) , the rhine occupied its late-glacial valley .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
according to the 1901 census , out of 711,988 inhabitants 56.2 % were catholics , 35.7 % jews , 5 % greek orthodox christians and 2.8 % protestants .
oxygen is the most abundant chemical element by mass in the earth 's biosphere , air , sea and land .
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices .
teachers in scotland can be registered members of trade unions with the main ones being the educational institute of scotland and the scottish secondary teachers ' association .
many families , today mostly afrikaans-speaking , have surnames indicating their french huguenot ancestry .
in some cases the heat source is a nuclear reactor , geothermal energy , solar energy or waste heat from an internal combustion engine or industrial process .
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls .
death wish coffee beat out nine other contenders from across the united states for the free advertisement .
official corporal punishment , often by caning , remains commonplace in schools in some asian , african and caribbean countries .
the greek physician pedanius dioscorides is famous for writing a five volume book in his native greek περί ύλης ιατρικής in the 1st century ad .
eventually , he sold wardenclyffe for $ 20,000 ( $ 472,500 in today 's dollars ) .
he encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration , nonviolent civil disobedience , and violent civil disobedience .
the aauw study , however , posed questions about fourteen types of sexual harassment and various degrees of frequency and included only abuses by teachers .
from their original homelands in scandinavia and northern europe , germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western europe in the middle period of classical antiquity ; southern europe in late antiquity , conquering celtic and other peoples ; and by 800 ce , forming the holy roman empire , the first german empire .
the " hugues hypothesis " argues that the name was derived by association with hugues capet , king of france , who reigned long before the reformation .
teachers in wales can be registered members of trade unions such as atl , nut or nasuwt and reports in recent years suggest that the average age of teachers in wales is falling with teachers being younger than in previous years .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times .
alternatively , if an external force acts on the system , then the center of mass will experience an acceleration proportional to the magnitude of the external force divided by the mass of the system .
the lake is situated in germany , switzerland and austria near the alps .
their combined work informed the study of imperialism and it 's impact on europe , as well as contributed to reflections on the rise of the military-political complex in the united states from the 1950s .
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt .
from 1947 to 1967 , the dollar price of oil had risen by less than two percent per year .
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams .
many of tesla 's writings are freely available on the web , including the article " the problem of increasing human energy , " published in the century magazine in 1900 , and the article " experiments with alternate currents of high potential and high frequency , " published in his book inventions , researches and writings of nikola tesla .
moreover , warsaw was ranked as the 7th greatest emerging market .
a job where there are few able or willing workers ( low supply ) , but a large need for the positions ( high demand ) , will result in high wages for that job .
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series .
virgin media has claimed that other hd channels were " locked up " or otherwise withheld from their platform , although virgin media did in fact have an option to carry channel 4 hd in the future .
several hospital pharmacies have decided to outsource high risk preparations and some other compounding functions to companies who specialize in compounding .
of the nine members of the european economic community ( eec ) , the netherlands faced a complete embargo , the uk and france received almost uninterrupted supplies ( having refused to allow america to use their airfields and embargoed arms and supplies to both the arabs and the israelis ) , while the other six faced partial cutbacks .
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic .
members of the genus haeckelia prey on jellyfish and incorporate their prey 's nematocysts ( stinging cells ) into their own tentacles instead of colloblasts .
in week 10 , manning suffered a partial tear of the plantar fasciitis in his left foot .
parliament elections , take place every five years , and votes for members of the european parliament in member states must be organised by proportional representation or a single transferable vote .
the french protestant church of london was established by royal charter in 1550. it is now located at soho square .
abc also aired the last nine years of the procter & gamble-produced soap the edge of night , following its cancellation by cbs in 1975. abc daytime has also aired a number of game shows , including the dating game , the newlywed game , let 's make a deal , password , split second , the $ 10,000/ $ 20,000 pyramid , family feud , the better sex , trivia trap , all-star blitz and hot streak .
elders may also be assigned as district superintendents , and they are eligible for election to the episcopacy .
the first direct elections for native kenyans to the legislative council took place in 1957. despite british hopes of handing power to " moderate " local rivals , it was the kenya african national union ( kanu ) of jomo kenyatta that formed a government .
while a child was in school , a teacher was expected to act as a substitute parent , with all the normal forms of parental discipline open to them .
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique .
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent .
due to his earlier defeat of the merkits , and a proclamation by the shaman kokochu that the eternal blue sky had set aside the world for temüjin , temüjin began rising to power .
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030. in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight .
a new arrangement of the theme , once again by gold , was introduced in the 2007 christmas special episode , " voyage of the damned " ; gold returned as composer for the 2010 series .
to some extent , the businesses of the tower district were developed due to the proximity of the original fresno normal school , ( later renamed california state university at fresno ) .
in 2015 , pew research estimated that 3.6 % of the u.s population , or 9 million adult adherents , self-identify with the united methodist church revealing a much larger number of adherents than registered membership .
spanish moss at a nearby mattress factory was quickly engulfed in flames and enabling the fire to spread rapidly .
in 1755 , six colonial governors in north america met with general edward braddock , the newly arrived british army commander , and planned a four-way attack on the french .
increased o 2 concentration in the lungs helps to displace carbon monoxide from the heme group of hemoglobin .
the contracted batch of 15 saturn vs were enough for lunar landing missions through apollo 20. nasa publicized a preliminary list of eight more planned landing sites , with plans to increase the mass of the csm and lm for the last five missions , along with the payload capacity of the saturn v. these final missions would combine the i and j types in the 1967 list , allowing the cmp to operate a package of lunar orbital sensors and cameras while his companions were on the surface , and allowing them to stay on the moon for over three days .
these include the miller–rabin primality test , which is fast but has a small probability of error , and the aks primality test , which always produces the correct answer in polynomial time but is too slow to be practical .
fresno native audra mcdonald performed in the leading roles of evita and the wiz at the theater while she was a high school student .
a particularly simple example of a probabilistic test is the fermat primality test , which relies on the fact ( fermat 's little theorem ) that np≡n ( mod p ) for any n if p is a prime number .
he encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration , nonviolent civil disobedience , and violent civil disobedience .
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) .
they set up a laboratory for tesla at 89 liberty street in manhattan where he worked on improving and developing new types of electric motors , generators and other devices .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
luther 's teaching of the ten commandments , therefore , has clear eschatological overtones , which , characteristically for luther , do not encourage world-flight but direct the christian to service to the neighbor in the common , daily vocations of this perishing world .
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . "
[ citation needed ] his lab was torn down in 1904 , and its contents were sold two years later to satisfy a debt .
in 1418 , jean 's nephew maciot de bethencourt sold the rights to the islands to enrique pérez de guzmán , 2nd count de niebla .
confucian governmental practices and examinations based on the classics , which had fallen into disuse in north china during the period of disunity , were reinstated by the yuan court , probably in the hope of maintaining order over han society .
farms established during the 1960s were based on crop cultivation and the slash and burn method .
( an earlier version of eyevision was last used in super bowl xxxv ; for super bowl 50 , the cameras were upgraded to 5k resolution . )
in 1700 several hundred french huguenots migrated from england to the colony of virginia , where the english crown had promised them land grants in lower norfolk county .
louis xiv gained the throne in 1643 and acted increasingly aggressively to force the huguenots to convert .
the french crown 's refusal to allow non-catholics to settle in new france may help to explain that colony 's slow rate of population growth compared to that of the neighbouring british colonies , which opened settlement to religious dissenters .
other arguments include the lack of accounts of the death of rats before outbreaks of plague between the 14th and 17th centuries ; temperatures that are too cold in northern europe for the survival of fleas ; that , despite primitive transport systems , the spread of the black death was much faster than that of modern bubonic plague ; that mortality rates of the black death appear to be very high ; that , while modern bubonic plague is largely endemic as a rural disease , the black death indiscriminately struck urban and rural areas ; and that the pattern of the black death , with major outbreaks in the same areas separated by 5 to 15 years , differs from modern bubonic plague—which often becomes endemic for decades with annual flare-ups .
commissioners have sometimes been found to have abused their offices , particularly since the santer commission was censured by parliament in 1999 , and it eventually resigned due to corruption allegations .
whereas they won the war in algeria , the french leader at the time , charles de gaulle , decided to grant algeria independence anyway in 1962. its settlers and many local supporters relocated to france .
he designed to the north west of the garden the five-storey school for naval architects ( also known as the science schools ) , now the henry cole wing in 1867–72 .
active immunity can also be generated artificially , through vaccination .
at a meeting in albany in december 1755 , he laid out his plans for 1756. in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec .
in the august 1917 edition of the magazine electrical experimenter tesla postulated that electricity could be used to locate submarines via using the reflection of an " electric ray " of " tremendous frequency , " with the signal being viewed on a fluorescent screen ( a system that has been noted to have a superficial resemblance to modern radar ) .
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms .
the most authoritative account at the time came from the medical faculty in paris in a report to the king of france that blamed the heavens , in the form of a conjunction of three planets in 1345 that caused a " great pestilence in the air " .
the licensed local pastor has the authority of a pastor only within the context and during the time of the appointment and shall not extend beyond it .
seven days to the river rhine was a warsaw pact war plan for an invasion of western europe during the cold war .
as well as being added , forces can also be resolved into independent components at right angles to each other .
land-based steam engines could exhaust much of their steam , as feed water was usually readily available .
the ijssel branch carries one ninth of the water flow of the rhine north into the ijsselmeer ( a former bay ) , while the nederrijn carries approximately two ninths of the flow west along a route parallel to the waal .
in 1938 , the fcc began a series of investigations into the practices of radio networks and published its report on the broadcasting of network radio programs in 1940. the report recommended that rca give up control of either nbc red or nbc blue .
in 1932 the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon stated the length as 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , presumably a typographical error .
many charter schools do not require that their teachers be certified , provided they meet the standards to be highly qualified as set by no child left behind .
according to biraben , the plague was present somewhere in europe in every year between 1346 and 1671. the second pandemic was particularly widespread in the following years : 1360–63 ; 1374 ; 1400 ; 1438–39 ; 1456–57 ; 1464–66 ; 1481–85 ; 1500–03 ; 1518–31 ; 1544–48 ; 1563–66 ; 1573–88 ; 1596–99 ; 1602–11 ; 1623–40 ; 1644–54 ; and 1664–67 .
chamber debates and committee meetings are open to the public .
the hoppings funfair , said to be the largest travelling funfair in europe , is held here annually in june .
along the same lines , co-np is the class containing the complement problems ( i.e .
in july 2015 obama visited kenya , as the first american president to visit the country while in office .
the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages ( including karlodinium and karenia ) lost their original red algal derived chloroplast , and replaced it with a new chloroplast derived from a haptophyte endosymbiont .
the jameel gallery of islamic art , opened in 2006 , houses a representative display of 400 objects with the highlight being the ardabil carpet , the centrepiece of the gallery .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
the plan was , at least provisionally approved by then superintendent of new york city schools , william h. maxwell .
the 2005 series reveals that the ninth doctor thought he was the last surviving time lord , and that his home planet had been destroyed ; in " the empty child " ( 2005 ) , dr. constantine states that , " before the war even began , i was a father and a grandfather .
since then , during glacial times , the river mouth was located offshore of brest , france and rivers , like the thames and the seine , became tributaries to the rhine .
he intended his vigorous , direct language to make the bible accessible to everyday germans , " for we are removing impediments and difficulties so that other people may read it without hindrance . "
the legislature of the european union is principally composed of the european parliament and the council of the european union , which under the treaties may establish secondary law to pursue the objective set out in the treaties .
[ citation needed ] on november 28 , 1995 , bill clinton signed the national highway designation act , ending the federal 55 mph ( 89 km/h ) speed limit , allowing states to restore their prior maximum speed limit .
the taliban differed from other islamist movements to the point where they might be more properly described as islamic fundamentalist or neofundamentalist , interested in spreading " an idealized and systematized version of conservative tribal village customs " under the label of sharia to an entire country .
several prominent german military , cultural , and political figures were ethnic huguenot , including poet theodor fontane , general hermann von françois , the hero of the first world war battle of tannenberg , luftwaffe general and fighter ace adolf galland , luftwaffe flying ace hans-joachim marseille , and famed u-boat captain lothar von arnauld de la perière .
warsaw ( polish : warszawa [ varˈʂava ] ( listen ) ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland .
because everyday clothing from previous eras has not generally survived , the collection is dominated by fashionable clothes made for special occasions .
to make new legislation , tfeu article 294 defines the " ordinary legislative procedure " that applies for most eu acts .
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff .
sixty percent of the muslim population lives in kenya 's coastal region , comprising 50 % of the total population there .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
fully informed jury association activists have sometimes handed out educational leaflets inside courthouses despite admonitions not to ; according to fija , many of them have escaped prosecution because " prosecutors have reasoned ( correctly ) that if they arrest fully informed jury leafleters , the leaflets will have to be given to the leafleter 's own jury as evidence . "
tesla 's back was severely wrenched and three of his ribs were broken in the accident ( the full extent of his injuries will never be known ; tesla refused to consult a doctor—an almost lifelong custom ) .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
the 1979 scottish devolution referendum to establish a devolved scottish assembly failed .
total nominal gdp of the city in 2010 amounted to 191.766 billion pln , 111696 pln per capita , which was 301,1 % of polish average .
seventy percent of formerly forested land in the amazon , and 91 % of land deforested since 1970 , is used for livestock pasture .
while the reliability of this mechanism has not yet been studied for all relevant crop species , recent results in tobacco plants are promising , showing a failed containment rate of transplastomic plants at 3 in 1,000,000 .
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm .
among kublai khan 's top engineers and scientists was the astronomer guo shoujing , who was tasked with many public works projects and helped the yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year , which was only 26 seconds off the modern gregorian calendar 's measurement .
this is typically done on moral issues .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
its architect was civil engineer captain francis fowke , royal engineers , who was appointed by cole .
creating an index of " health and social problems " from nine factors , authors richard wilkinson and kate pickett found health and social problems " more common in countries with bigger income inequalities " , and more common among states in the us with larger income inequalities .
the sinclair broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations by numerical total , owning or providing services to 28 abc affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates ; sinclair owns the largest abc subchannel affiliate by market size , wabm-dt2/wdbb-dt2 in the birmingham market , which serve as repeaters of wbma-ld ( the largest low-power " big four " affiliate by market size , which itself is also simulcast on a subchannel of former wbma satellite wgww , owned by sinclair partner company howard stirk holdings ) .
many of tesla 's writings are freely available on the web , including the article " the problem of increasing human energy , " published in the century magazine in 1900 , and the article " experiments with alternate currents of high potential and high frequency , " published in his book inventions , researches and writings of nikola tesla .
islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect islam , while the contrary idea that islam is , or can be , apolitical is an error .
he instituted the reforms proposed by his chinese advisers by centralizing the bureaucracy , expanding the circulation of paper money , and maintaining the traditional monopolies on salt and iron .
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world .
in 1870 , tesla moved to karlovac , to attend school at the higher real gymnasium , where he was profoundly influenced by a math teacher martin sekulić .
he was a believer in the 19th century concept of an all pervasive " ether " that transmitted electrical energy .
longer term plans include the procurement of an entirely new fleet of trains and further extensions to the system .
luther insisted on the real presence of the body and blood of christ in the consecrated bread and wine , which he called the sacramental union , while his opponents believed god to be only spiritually or symbolically present .
newton 's third law is a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) .
in a famous case , the belgian football association v bosman , a belgian footballer named jean-marc bosman claimed that he should be able to transfer from r.f.c .
wembly examined the body and ruled that the cause of death had been coronary thrombosis .
luther confided to michael stiefel on 11 august 1526 : " my katie is in all things so obliging and pleasing to me that i would not exchange my poverty for the riches of croesus . "
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network .
some priests and former religious had already married , including andreas karlstadt and justus jonas , but luther 's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage .
somewhere around a billion years ago , a free-living cyanobacterium entered an early eukaryotic cell , either as food or as an internal parasite , but managed to escape the phagocytic vacuole it was contained in .
the promise of a negotiated settlement between israel and syria was enough to convince arab oil producers to lift the embargo in march 1974 .
in fact , the united methodist church uses unfermented grape juice in the sacrament of holy communion , thus " expressing pastoral concern for recovering alcoholics , enabling the participation of children and youth , and supporting the church 's witness of abstinence . "
this defeat was a catalyst for the fall and eventual dissolution of the keraite tribe .
advances were realized in the fields of travel literature , cartography , geography , and scientific education .
the tyneside flat was the dominant housing form constructed at the time when the industrial centres on tyneside were growing most rapidly .
private schools in australia are always more expensive than their public counterparts .
to protect their interests , the settlers banned the growing of coffee , introduced a hut tax , and the landless were granted less and less land in exchange for their labour .
after a chloroplast polypeptide is synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol , an enzyme specific to chloroplast proteins phosphorylates , or adds a phosphate group to many ( but not all ) of them in their transit sequences .
to date , at least 40,000 plant species , 2,200 fishes , 1,294 birds , 427 mammals , 428 amphibians , and 378 reptiles have been scientifically classified in the region .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
when a consolidation referendum was held in 1967 , voters approved the plan .
in the mid-1950s , frank burnet , inspired by a suggestion made by niels jerne , formulated the clonal selection theory ( cst ) of immunity .
