later under genghis khan 's grandson batu and the golden horde , the mongols returned to conquer volga bulgaria and kievan rus ' in 1237 , concluding the campaign in 1240 .
lt col paul von lettow-vorbeck took command of the german military forces , determined to tie down as many british resources as possible .
in 2005 , clergy credentials were removed from irene elizabeth stroud after she was convicted in a church trial of violating church law by engaging in a lesbian relationship ; this conviction was later upheld by the judicial council , the highest court in the denomination .
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements .
the programme is listed in guinness world records as the longest-running science fiction television show in the world , the " most successful " science fiction series of all time—based on its over-all broadcast ratings , dvd and book sales , and itunes traffic— and for the largest ever simulcast of a tv drama with its 50th anniversary special .
it was taken through communist-held territory in yan'an some 900 km on carts to safety at a buddhist monastery , the dongshan dafo dian , where it remained for ten years .
on the french side , the grand canal d'alsace was dug , which carries a significant part of the river water , and all of the traffic .
free movement of goods within the european union is achieved by a customs union , and the principle of non-discrimination .
a new bus station , replacing the old underground bus station , was officially opened in march 2007. the wing of the centre , including the undercover green market , near grainger street was demolished in 2007 so that the area could be redeveloped .
construction is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure .
black 's law dictionary includes non-violence in its definition of civil disobedience .
he bolstered his popularity among his subjects by modeling his government on the bureaucracy of traditional chinese dynasties and adopting the chinese era name of zhongtong .
tesla did , however , attend lectures at the university , although , as an auditor , he did not receive grades for the courses .
the first remedial measure was the warsaw area enlargement ( 1951 ) – but the city authorities were still forced to introduce residency registration limitations : only the spouses and children of the permanent residents as well as some persons of public importance ( like renowned specialists ) were allowed to get the registration , hence halving the population growth in the following years .
in 1972 , richard karp took this idea a leap forward with his landmark paper , " reducibility among combinatorial problems " , in which he showed that 21 diverse combinatorial and graph theoretical problems , each infamous for its computational intractability , are np-complete .
in much of the u.s. south , many white students migrated to the academies , while public schools became in turn more heavily concentrated with african-american students ( see list of private schools in mississippi ) .
in the u.s. federal health care system ( including the va , the indian health service , and nih ) ambulatory care pharmacists are given full independent prescribing authority .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
the economic impact of the former type of entrepreneurialism tends to be redistributive while the latter is expected to foster technological progress and thus have a more positive impact on economic growth .
although imperialism and colonialism focus on the suppression of an other , if colonialism refers to the process of a country taking physical control of another , imperialism refers to the political and monetary dominance , either formally or informally .
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance .
the normans were famed for their martial spirit and eventually for their christian piety , becoming exponents of the catholic orthodoxy into which they assimilated .
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) .
their most famous song , " fog on the tyne " ( 1971 ) , was covered by geordie ex-footballer paul gascoigne in 1990. venom , reckoned by many to be the originators of black metal and extremely influential to the extreme metal scene as a whole , formed in newcastle in 1979. folk metal band skyclad , often regarded as the first folk metal band , also formed in newcastle after the break-up of martin walkyier thrash metal band , sabbat .
in the 1990s , rankine steam cycles generated about 90 % of all electric power used throughout the world , including virtually all solar , biomass , coal and nuclear power plants .
during the yuan period , beijing became the terminus of the grand canal of china , which was completely renovated .
since the quaternary is a very short period with short epochs , it is further expanded in the fourth scale .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
by the time of the french and indian war ( the north american front of the seven years ' war ) , a sizeable population of huguenot descent lived in the british colonies , and many participated in the british defeat of new france in 1759-60 .
when voting takes place it is weighted inversely to member state size , so smaller member states are not dominated by larger member states .
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized .
in contrast to disney 's other channels , abc is broadcast in the united states , although the network 's programming is syndicated in many countries .
daniel burke departed from capital cities/abc in february 1994 , with thomas murphy taking over as president before ceding control to robert iger .
its existence was first proved in 1962 , and first sequenced in 1986—when two japanese research teams sequenced the chloroplast dna of liverwort and tobacco .
a small fraction of the flow is diverted off the island of mainau into lake überlingen .
the academic bodies of the university of chicago consist of the college , four divisions of graduate research and seven professional schools .
research shows that student motivation and attitudes towards school are closely linked to student-teacher relationships .
the institute will cost around $ 200 million and occupy the buildings of the chicago theological seminary .
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971. as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973. the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over and continued to play the character until doctor who 's hiatus in 1989. the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts .
its most familiar effect is beta decay ( of neutrons in atomic nuclei ) and the associated radioactivity .
following the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event , the extinction of the dinosaurs and the wetter climate may have allowed the tropical rainforest to spread out across the continent .
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams .
of course , some complexity classes have complicated definitions that do not fit into this framework .
complexity theory is interested in how algorithms scale with an increase in the input size .
in 2006 tatiana kuplich organized the trees of the amazon into four categories : ( 1 ) mature forest , ( 2 ) regenerating forest [ less than three years ] , ( 3 ) regenerating forest [ between three and five years of regrowth ] , and ( 4 ) regenerating forest [ eleven to eighteen years of continued development ] .
alongside the traditional media availabilities , the event featured an opening ceremony with player introductions on a replica of the golden gate bridge .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
the date of 2035 has been correctly quoted by the ipcc from the wwf report , which has misquoted its own source , an icsi report " variations of snow and ice in the past and at present on a global and regional scale " .
to partially remedy the wealth gap and the resulting slow growth , s & p recommended increasing access to education .
in the united states 90 % of the electric power is produced in this way using a variety of heat sources .
the city is also home to the newcastle eagles basketball team who play their home games at the new sport central complex at northumbria university .
kublai besieged xiangyang between 1268 and 1273 , the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich yangzi river basin .
in may 1960 , abc purchased chicago radio station wls , which had shared airtime with wenr since the 1920s .
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in .
tension forces can be modeled using ideal strings that are massless , frictionless , unbreakable , and unstretchable .
the better jacksonville plan , promoted as a blueprint for jacksonville 's future and approved by jacksonville voters in 2000 , authorized a half-penny sales tax .
this is similar to the 1988 continuation of mission impossible , but differs from most other series relaunches which have either been reboots ( for example , battlestar galactica and bionic woman [ citation needed ] ) or set in the same universe as the original but in a different time period and with different characters ( for example , star trek : the next generation and spin-offs [ citation needed ] ) .
a typical configuration is to run ip over atm or a version of mpls .
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) .
at fécamp , under two italian abbots , william of volpiano and john of ravenna , the system of denoting notes by letters was developed and taught .
in early 2009 , disney–abc television group merged abc entertainment and abc studios into a new division , abc entertainment group , which would be responsible for both its production and broadcasting operations .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
the neighborhood features restaurants , live theater and nightclubs , as well as several independent shops and bookstores , currently operating on or near olive avenue , and all within a few hundred feet of each other .
the movement which would become the united methodist church began in the mid-18th century within the church of england .
abc also owns the times square studios at 1500 broadway on land in times square owned by a development fund for the 42nd street project ; opened in 1999 , good morning america and nightline are broadcast from this particular facility .
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " .
however , more recent testing of this theory with superior panel data has shown it to be very weak .
pax mongolica , mongol peace , enabled the spread of technologies , commodities , and culture between china and the west .
they expressed regret for " the poor application of well-established ipcc procedures in this instance " .
before the return of the collections after the war , the britain can make it exhibition was held between september and november 1946 , attracting nearly a million and a half visitors .
by 17 september , almost 25,000 protestants had been massacred in paris alone .
fringe or splinter movements inspired by the final writings of qutb in the mid-1960s ( particularly the manifesto milestones , a.k.a .
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas .
according to the prevailing view among historians , his anti-jewish rhetoric contributed significantly to the development of antisemitism in germany , and in the 1930s and 1940s provided an " ideal underpinning " for the nazis ' attacks on jews .
there are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end , and are spaced evenly round the body .
the espn deportes spanish broadcast was made available through watchespn .
decisions in-between the four-year meetings are made by the mission council ( usually consisting of church bishops ) .
despite this and another noticeable ratings decline , abc would manage to outrate nbc for third place by a larger margin than the previous year .
while the market will bid up compensation for rare and desired skills to reward wealth creation , greater productivity , etc. , it will also prevent successful entrepreneurs from earning excess profits by fostering competition to cut prices , profits and large compensation .
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away .
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise .
much went for arms purchases that exacerbated political tensions , particularly in the middle east .
with great britain having claimed the entire australian continent east of the 135th meridian east in 1788 , victoria was included in the wider colony of new south wales .
his translation of the bible into the vernacular ( instead of latin ) made it more accessible , which had a tremendous impact on the church and german culture .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
construction is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world , incurring more occupational fatalities than any other sector in both the united states and in the european union .
the immune system is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease .
[ citation needed ] since ireland refused to consent to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 , there remains one commissioner for each of the 28 member states , including the president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ( currently federica mogherini ) .
the next three drives of the game would end in punts .
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible .
often in terms of the further development of landscape painting as well as the classical joining together of the arts of painting , poetry , and calligraphy , the song dynasty and the yuan dynasty are linked together .
deforestation is considerable , and areas cleared of forest are visible to the naked eye from outer space .
as well during awake active times , anti-inflammatory molecules , such as cortisol and catecholamines , peak .
his theology challenged the authority and office of the pope by teaching that the bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge from god and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all baptized christians to be a holy priesthood .
it is generally agreed within the legal community , and is often believed within the activist community , that a suspect 's talking to criminal investigators can serve no useful purpose , and may be harmful .
most are concentrated in alsace in northeast france and the cévennes mountain region in the south , who still regard themselves as huguenots to this day .
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay .
dendritic cells ( dc ) are phagocytes in tissues that are in contact with the external environment ; therefore , they are located mainly in the skin , nose , lungs , stomach , and intestines .
this led to the creation of the european anti-fraud office .
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus .
it is usually recognized that lawbreaking , if it is not done publicly , at least must be publicly announced in order to constitute civil disobedience .
students do not pay tuition fees , but some extra costs are levied .
liquid oxygen is attracted to a magnet to a sufficient extent that , in laboratory demonstrations , a bridge of liquid oxygen may be supported against its own weight between the poles of a powerful magnet .
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900. james bryant conant led the university through the great depression and world war ii and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war .
as of february 2011 [ update ] , this conjecture has been verified for all numbers up to n = 2 · 1017. weaker statements than this have been proven , for example vinogradov 's theorem says that every sufficiently large odd integer can be written as a sum of three primes .
in 1825 george stephenson built the locomotion for the stockton and darlington railway .
the power of the theory of plate tectonics lies in its ability to combine all of these observations into a single theory of how the lithosphere moves over the convecting mantle .
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces .
the annual conference , roughly the equivalent of a diocese in the anglican communion and the roman catholic church or a synod in some lutheran denominations such as the evangelical lutheran church in america , is the basic unit of organization within the umc .
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury .
thus , wages can be considered as a function of market price of skill .
where professional and labor organizations can not limit the number of workers ) the workers wages will not be controlled by these organizations , or by the employer , but rather by the market .
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) .
archbishop albrecht of mainz and magdeburg did not reply to luther 's letter containing the 95 theses .
the building was designed by architects marek budzyński and zbigniew badowski and opened on 15 december 1999. it is surrounded by green .
28 june ] 1856 into a serb family in the village of smiljan , austrian empire ( modern-day croatia ) .
in just eight hours , it swept through 146 city blocks , destroyed over 2,000 buildings , left about 10,000 homeless and killed 7 residents .
some of the best examples of the neoclassical style are the palace on the water ( rebuilt 1775–1795 ) , królikarnia ( 1782–1786 ) , carmelite church ( façade 1761–1783 ) and evangelical holy trinity church ( 1777–1782 ) .
when a consolidation referendum was held in 1967 , voters approved the plan .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
sherwood boehlert , chairman of the house science committee , said this was a " misguided and illegitimate investigation " apparently aimed at intimidating scientists , and at his request the u.s. national academy of sciences arranged for its national research council to set up a special investigation .
it was proposed that these channels would offer a range of content from the bskyb portfolio including sport ( including english premier league football ) , films , entertainment and news .
alongside the traditional media availabilities , the event featured an opening ceremony with player introductions on a replica of the golden gate bridge .
king david i of scotland , whose elder brother alexander i had married sybilla of normandy , was instrumental in introducing normans and norman culture to scotland , part of the process some scholars call the " davidian revolution " .
generally speaking , while all member states recognise that eu law takes primacy over national law where this agreed in the treaties , they do not accept that the court of justice has the final say on foundational constitutional questions affecting democracy and human rights .
duty is the number of foot-pounds of work delivered by burning one bushel ( 94 pounds ) of coal .
bacteria often overcome physical barriers by secreting enzymes that digest the barrier , for example , by using a type ii secretion system .
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) .
the university of chicago library system encompasses six libraries that contain a total of 9.8 million volumes , the 11th most among library systems in the united states .
the " european council " ( rather than the council , made up of different government ministers ) is composed of the prime ministers or executive presidents of the member states .
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) .
it is a unesco world heritage site ( 2002 ) and known as " the romantic rhine " , with more than 40 castles and fortresses from the middle ages and many quaint and lovely country villages .
in 1939 , c. 1,300,000 people lived in warsaw , but in 1945 – only 420,000. during the first years after the war , the population growth was c. 6 % , so shortly the city started to suffer from the lack of flats and of areas for new houses .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape .
the mallee and upper wimmera are victoria 's warmest regions with hot winds blowing from nearby semi-deserts .
the four general questions available to opposition leaders are :
after the revocation of the edict of nantes , the dutch republic received the largest group of huguenot refugees , an estimated total of 75,000 to 100,000 people .
the unusually high concentration of oxygen gas on earth is the result of the oxygen cycle .
legislative changes are recorded in the book of discipline which is revised after each general conference .
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries .
to view the encrypted content a videoguard uk equipped receiver ( all of which are dedicated to the sky service , and can not be used to decrypt other services ) needs to be used .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow .
one of the great geographical treatises of the middle ages , the " tabula rogeriana " , was written by the andalusian al-idrisi for king roger ii of sicily , and entitled " kitab rudjdjar " ( " the book of roger " ) .
their defeat by the swabian league at the battle of frankenhausen on 15 may 1525 , followed by müntzer 's execution , brought the revolutionary stage of the reformation to a close .
members of the lobate genera bathocyroe and ocyropsis can escape from danger by clapping their lobes , so that the jet of expelled water drives them backwards very quickly .
today , justifying grace is also known as conversion , " accepting jesus as your personal lord and savior , " or being " born again " .
such problems are called np-intermediate problems .
during this period the university , like shimer college and 10 others , adopted an early entrant program that allowed very young students to attend college ; in addition , students enrolled at shimer were enabled to transfer automatically to the university of chicago after their second year , having taken comparable or identical examinations and courses .
recent research has found a correlation between teacher enthusiasm and students ' intrinsic motivation to learn and vitality in the classroom .
these teachers do not teach by rote but attempt to find new invigoration for the course materials on a daily basis .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc .
however , in october 2007 , the court of justice ruled that the commission could not propose what the criminal sanctions could be , only that there must be some .
his poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments .
the world price , which had peaked during the 1979 energy crisis at nearly $ 40 per barrel , decreased during the 1980s to less than $ 10 per barrel .
the most important of these was the swynnerton plan , which was used to both reward loyalists and punish mau mau .
the royal geographical society of london and other geographical societies in europe had great influence and were able to fund travelers who would come back with tales of their discoveries .
tesla claimed to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy that he started working on in 1892 , and in 1937 , at age 81 , claimed in a letter to have completed a " dynamic theory of gravity " that " [ would ] put an end to idle speculations and false conceptions , as that of curved space . "
this rapid development was no doubt hastened by the fresno traction company right-of-way along huntington boulevard , which provided streetcar connections between downtown and the county hospital .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
the strong force only acts directly upon elementary particles .
when the fcc imposed its fin-syn rules in 1970 , abc proactively created two companies : worldvision enterprises as a syndication distributor , and abc circle films as a production company .
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away .
normally water is the fluid of choice due to its favourable properties , such as non-toxic and unreactive chemistry , abundance , low cost , and its thermodynamic properties .
the contracted batch of 15 saturn vs were enough for lunar landing missions through apollo 20. nasa publicized a preliminary list of eight more planned landing sites , with plans to increase the mass of the csm and lm for the last five missions , along with the payload capacity of the saturn v. these final missions would combine the i and j types in the 1967 list , allowing the cmp to operate a package of lunar orbital sensors and cameras while his companions were on the surface , and allowing them to stay on the moon for over three days .
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean .
[ citation needed ] after decades of neglect and suburban flight , the neighborhood revival followed the re-opening of the tower theatre in the late 1970s , which at that time showed second and third run movies , along with classic films .
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage .
healers were divided into non-mongol physicians called otachi and traditional mongol shamans .
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway .
former prime minister of thailand abhisit vejjajiva , was born in the city .
in the fall of 1949 , abc found itself in the position of an outsider , with less coverage than two of its competing networks , cbs and nbc , even though it was on par with them in some major cities and had a headstart over its third rival at the time , the dumont television network .
the crew that flew the first earth orbital test mission apollo 7 , walter m. schirra , donn eisele , and walter cunningham , were awarded the lesser nasa exceptional service medal , because of discipline problems with the flight director 's orders during their flight .
the principle of inclusions and components states that , with sedimentary rocks , if inclusions ( or clasts ) are found in a formation , then the inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them .
during his time at his lab , tesla observed unusual signals from his receiver which he concluded may be communications from another planet .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
in the modern industrialized world , construction usually involves the translation of designs into reality .
there are eleven lea-funded 11 to 18 schools and seven independent schools with sixth forms in newcastle .
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity .
the european court of justice is the supreme judicial body which interprets eu law , and develops it through precedent .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
the cover caption " all the world 's his power house " noted his contribution to electrical power generation .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
between them , they settled on a 60-cycle ac current system tesla proposed ( to match the working frequency of tesla 's motor ) , although they soon found that , since tesla 's induction motor could only run at a constant speed , it would not work for street cars .
most are members of the international association of methodist-related schools , colleges , and universities .
early techniques relied mainly on the observation that hydrophilic amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions than hydrophobic amino acids ; however , more recent developments rely on machine learning techniques using databases of existing known epitopes , usually on well-studied virus proteins , as a training set .
the original theme was composed by ron grainer and realised by delia derbyshire of the bbc radiophonic workshop , with assistance from dick mills .
in the years after these rumors , neither tesla nor edison won the prize ( although edison did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1915 and tesla did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1937 ) .
the 1960s would be marked by the rise of family-oriented series in an attempt by abc to counterprogram its established competitors , but the decade was also marked by the network 's gradual transition to color .
some community pharmacies employ consultant pharmacists and/or provide consulting services .
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 .
for certain physical scenarios , it is impossible to model forces as being due to gradient of potentials .
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city .
the medium of education is english , but as a compulsory subject , nepali and/or the state 's official language is also taught .
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " .
for example , in van binsbergen v bestuur van de bedrijfvereniging voor de metaalnijverheid a dutch lawyer moved to belgium while advising a client in a social security case , and was told he could not continue because dutch law said only people established in the netherlands could give legal advice .
accountants act to study the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process .
in most countries , the dispensary is subject to pharmacy legislation ; with requirements for storage conditions , compulsory texts , equipment , etc. , specified in legislation .
there is an extensive collection of delftware produced in both britain and holland , which includes a circa 1695 flower pyramid over a metre in height .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue .
in what became known as the st. bartholomew 's day massacre of 24 august – 3 october 1572 , catholics killed thousands of huguenots in paris .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
the earth 's crustal rock is composed in large part of oxides of silicon ( silica sio 2 , as found in granite and quartz ) , aluminium ( aluminium oxide al 2o 3 , in bauxite and corundum ) , iron ( iron ( iii ) oxide fe 2o 3 , in hematite and rust ) , and calcium carbonate ( in limestone ) .
huguenot immigrants did not disperse or settle in different parts of the country , but rather , formed three societies or congregations ; one in the city of new york , another 21 miles north of new york in a town which they named new rochelle , and a third further upstate in new paltz .
the current 8–4–4 system was launched in january 1985. it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector .
as it developed , the new empire took on roles of trade with france , supplying raw materials and purchasing manufactured items , as well as lending prestige to the motherland and spreading french civilization and language as well as catholicism .
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine .
there is also a growing number of new forms of procurement that involve relationship contracting where the emphasis is on a co-operative relationship between the principal and contractor and other stakeholders within a construction project .
if the parliament itself resolves that it should be dissolved ( with at least two-thirds of the members voting in favour ) , or if the parliament fails to nominate one of its members to be first minister within 28 days of a general election or of the position becoming vacant , the presiding officer proposes a date for an extraordinary general election and the parliament is dissolved by the queen by royal proclamation .
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century .
in the triplet form , o 2 molecules are paramagnetic .
he assured monks and nuns that they could break their vows without sin , because vows were an illegitimate and vain attempt to win salvation .
another of the egyptian groups which employed violence in their struggle for islamic order was al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ( islamic group ) .
oxfam 's claims have however been questioned on the basis of the methodology used : by using net wealth ( adding up assets and subtracting debts ) , the oxfam report , for instance , finds that there are more poor people in the united states and western europe than in china ( due to a greater tendency to take on debts ) .
the combined effect of these events led to prime minister wilson committing his government to some form of devolved legislature in 1974. however , it was not until 1978 that final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly were passed by the united kingdom parliament .
in an optical mineralogy analysis , thin sections of rock samples are analyzed through a petrographic microscope , where the minerals can be identified through their different properties in plane-polarized and cross-polarized light , including their birefringence , pleochroism , twinning , and interference properties with a conoscopic lens .
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) .
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites .
hans hillerbrand writes that luther had no intention of confronting the church , but saw his disputation as a scholarly objection to church practices , and the tone of the writing is accordingly " searching , rather than doctrinaire . "
the mongols attacked samarkand using captured enemies as body shields .
when war broke out , the french used their trading connections to recruit fighters from tribes in western portions of the great lakes region ( an area not directly subject to the conflict between the french and british ) , including the huron , mississauga , ojibwa , winnebago , and potawatomi .
environmentalists are concerned about loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest , and also about the release of the carbon contained within the vegetation , which could accelerate global warming .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
one of the most famous people born in warsaw was maria skłodowska-curie , who achieved international recognition for her research on radioactivity and was the first female recipient of the nobel prize .
it was worth $ 32 billion in 2011 , up from $ 28 billion in september 2010 and $ 26 billion in 2009. it suffered about 30 % loss in 2008-09. in december 2008 , harvard announced that its endowment had lost 22 % ( approximately $ 8 billion ) from july to october 2008 , necessitating budget cuts .
phosphorylation helps many proteins bind the polypeptide , keeping it from folding prematurely .
in 1755 , the british captured fort beauséjour on the border separating nova scotia from acadia ; soon afterward they ordered the expulsion of the acadians .
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek .
references to doctor who have also appeared in the young adult fantasy novels brisingr and high wizardry , the video game rock band , the soap opera eastenders , the adult swim comedy show robot chicken , the family guy episodes " blue harvest " and " 420 " , and the game runescape .
for the conservatives , the main disappointment was the loss of edinburgh pentlands , the seat of former party leader david mcletchie , to the snp .
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
a spark in the teacher may create a spark of excitement in the student as well .
" ikh zasag law adopted during genghis khan ’ s time in mongolia had points to punish illegal matters related to corruption and bribery very heavily , " mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj noted .
imperialism was a basic component to the conquests of genghis khan during the mongol empire , and of other war-lords .
in late 1961 and early 1962 , members of the manned spacecraft center began to come around to support lor , including the newly hired deputy director of the office of manned space flight , joseph shea , who became a champion of lor .
these are the greater los angeles area at 17,786,419 , and san diego–tijuana at 5,105,768. of these metropolitan areas , the los angeles-long beach-santa ana metropolitan area , riverside-san bernardino-ontario metropolitan area , and oxnard-thousand oaks-ventura metropolitan area form greater los angeles ; while the el centro metropolitan area and san diego-carlsbad-san marcos metropolitan area form the southern border region .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
the social chapter is a chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam covering social policy issues in european union law .
french fur traders and trappers traveled throughout the st. lawrence and mississippi watersheds , did business with local tribes , and often married indian women .
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) .
steam turbines are generally more efficient than reciprocating piston type steam engines ( for outputs above several hundred horsepower ) , have fewer moving parts , and provide rotary power directly instead of through a connecting rod system or similar means .
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl .
it was shown by ladner that if p ≠ np then there exist problems in np that are neither in p nor np-complete .
at the start of the war , the french north american colonies had a population of roughly 60,000 european settlers , compared with 2 million in the british north american colonies .
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285. thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307. temür khan decided to maintain and continue much of the work begun by his grandfather .
based on principles laid out by william smith almost a hundred years before the publication of charles darwin 's theory of evolution , the principles of succession were developed independently of evolutionary thought .
in a 2003 case , commission v italy italian law required that cocoa products that included other vegetable fats could not be labelled as " chocolate " .
however , mughal emperors directly patronized the legacies of genghis khan and timur ; together their names were synonymous with the names of other distinguished personalities particularly among the muslim populations of south asia .
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 .
in traditional historiography of china , on the other hand , the yuan dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the song dynasty and the ming dynasty .
problems that can be solved in theory ( e.g. , given large but finite time ) , but which in practice take too long for their solutions to be useful , are known as intractable problems .
in fall 2010 , the university of chicago also opened a center in beijing , near renmin university 's campus in haidian district .
competition amongst employers tends to drive up wages due to the nature of the job , since there is a relative shortage of workers for the particular position .
the hymn functioned both as a liturgical setting of the lord 's prayer and as a means of examining candidates on specific catechism questions .
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923. during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
the area of the modern city of jacksonville has been inhabited for thousands of years .
one of these , sometimes referred to as a " platoon " system , involves placing a group of students together in one class that moves from one specialist to another for every subject .
the stationary steam engine was a key component of the industrial revolution , allowing factories to locate where water power was unavailable .
people from jacksonville may be called " jacksonvillians " or " jaxsons " ( also spelled " jaxons " ) .
the warfare was definitively quelled in 1598 , when henry of navarre , having succeeded to the french throne as henry iv , and having recanted protestantism in favour of roman catholicism , issued the edict of nantes .
the lockstep situation of the ipcc is having built a broad science consensus while states and governments still follow different , if not opposing goals .
with abc1 's shutdown that october , the company 's attempt to develop abc international were discontinued .
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom .
as a member of the scottish parliamentary corporate body , the presiding officer is responsible for ensuring that the parliament functions effectively and has the staff , property and resources it requires to operate .
larger drugs ( > 500 da ) can provoke a neutralizing immune response , particularly if the drugs are administered repeatedly , or in larger doses .
this was followed on april 4 , 1968 , by apollo 6 ( as-502 ) which carried a csm and a lm test article as ballast .
with international criminal court trial dates in 2013 for both president kenyatta and deputy president william ruto related to the 2007 election aftermath , us president barack obama chose not to visit the country during his mid-2013 african trip .
islamist movements such as the muslim brotherhood , " are well known for providing shelters , educational assistance , free or low cost medical clinics , housing assistance to students from out of town , student advisory groups , facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands , legal assistance , sports facilities , and women 's groups . "
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of 874.3 square miles ( 2,264 km2 ) , making jacksonville the largest city in land area in the contiguous united states ; of this , 86.66 % ( 757.7 sq mi or 1,962 km2 ) is land and ; 13.34 % ( 116.7 sq mi or 302 km2 ) is water .
under conditions such as high atmospheric co2 concentrations , these starch grains may grow very large , distorting the grana and thylakoids .
the initial lm model weighed approximately 33,300 pounds ( 15,100 kg ) , and allowed surface stays up to around 34 hours .
new forms include partnering such as public-private partnering ( ppps ) aka private finance initiatives ( pfis ) and alliances such as " pure " or " project " alliances and " impure " or " strategic " alliances .
it won five bafta tv awards , including best drama series , the highest-profile and most prestigious british television award for which the series has ever been nominated .
victoria 's highest maximum temperature since world war ii , of 48.8 °c ( 119.8 °f ) was recorded in hopetoun on 7 february 2009 , during the 2009 southeastern australia heat wave .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
strictly speaking datanet 1 only referred to the network and the connected users via leased lines ( using the x.121 dnic 2041 ) , the name also referred to the public pad service telepad ( using the dnic 2049 ) .
luther 's 1538 hymnic version of the lord 's prayer , " vater unser im himmelreich " , corresponds exactly to luther 's explanation of the prayer in the small catechism , with one stanza for each of the seven prayer petitions , plus opening and closing stanzas .
the abc logo first appeared as a on-screen bug in the 1993–94 season , appearing initially only for 60 seconds at the beginning of an act or segment , before appearing throughout programs ( except during commercial breaks ) beginning in the 1995–96 season ; the respective iterations of the translucent logo bug were also incorporated within program promotions until the 2011–12 season .
engineers working for the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company reported to george westinghouse that tesla had a viable ac motor and related power system — something for which westinghouse had been trying to secure patents .
; additionally , tower district is also known as the center of fresno 's local punk/goth/deathrock and heavy metal community .
this is in front of the bronze doors leading to the refreshment rooms , a central path flanked by lawns leads to the sculpture gallery ; the north , east and west sides have herbaceous borders along the museum walls with paths in front which continues along the south façade ; in the two corners by the north façade there is planted an american sweetgum tree ; the southern , eastern and western edges of the lawns have glass planters which contain orange and lemon trees in summer , these are replaced by bay trees in winter .
as of 2004 , an estimated 32,463 farms occupied around 136,000 square kilometres ( 52,500 sq mi ) of victorian land .
other important complexity classes include bpp , zpp and rp , which are defined using probabilistic turing machines ; ac and nc , which are defined using boolean circuits ; and bqp and qma , which are defined using quantum turing machines .
warsaw , especially its city centre ( śródmieście ) , is home not only to many national institutions and government agencies , but also to many domestic and international companies .
montpellier was among the most important of the 66 " villes de sûreté " that the edict of 1598 granted to the huguenots .
johannes wallmann argues that luther 's writings against the jews were largely ignored in the 18th and 19th centuries , and that there was no continuity between luther 's thought and nazi ideology .
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates .
the governments of the united states , britain , germany and france also collectively issued a press statement cautioning about the law 's potential impact .
individual-level interventions , including stress-management training and counseling , are also used to relieve occupational stress among teachers .
a pair of carries by c. j. anderson moved the ball up 20 yards to the panthers 14-yard line , but carolina 's defense dug in over the next three plays .
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits .
this dual view of knowledge was in concert with the teachings of common sense realism derived from scottish philosophers thomas reid and dugald stewart , whose works were part of the harvard curriculum at the time .
it is home to 60 % of australia 's 3 million dairy cattle and produces nearly two-thirds of the nation 's milk , almost 6.4 billion litres .
in the shallow crust , where brittle deformation can occur , thrust faults form , which cause deeper rock to move on top of shallower rock .
frontiers from between nova scotia and acadia in the north , to the ohio country in the south , were claimed by both sides .
among them , the original fresno county courthouse ( demolished ) , the fresno carnegie public library ( demolished ) , the fresno water tower , the bank of italy building , the pacific southwest building , the san joaquin light & power building ( currently known as the grand 1401 ) , and the hughes hotel ( burned down ) , to name a few .
agreement was achieved on fourteen points out of fifteen , the exception being the nature of the eucharist – the sacrament of the lord 's supper—an issue crucial to luther .
they contain a pyrenoid , and have triplet-stacked thylakoids .
the long running paternity discussion about genghis ' oldest son jochi was particularly contentious because of the seniority of jochi among the brothers .
bento de moura portugal introduced an ingenious improvement of savery 's construction " to render it capable of working itself " , as described by john smeaton in the philosophical transactions published in 1751. it continued to be manufactured until the late 18th century .
another factor in the early 1990s that worked to radicalize the islamist movement was the gulf war , which brought several hundred thousand us and allied non-muslim military personnel to saudi arabian soil to put an end to saddam hussein 's occupation of kuwait .
the sexual ethics task force of the united methodist church states that " research shows it [ pornography ] is not an 'innocent activity . '
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg .
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) .
starting in 1965 , donald davies at the national physical laboratory , uk , independently developed the same message routing methodology as developed by baran .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
outraged , genghis khan planned one of his largest invasion campaigns by organizing together around 100,000 soldiers ( 10 tumens ) , his most capable generals and some of his sons .
between the lobes on either side of the mouth , many species of lobates have four auricles , gelatinous projections edged with cilia that produce water currents that help direct microscopic prey toward the mouth .
despite their soft , gelatinous bodies , fossils thought to represent ctenophores , apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms , have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early cambrian , about 515 million years ago .
the panthers seemed primed to score on their opening drive of the second half when newton completed a 45-yard pass to ted ginn jr. on the denver 35-yard line on their second offensive play .
a small group of huguenots also settled on the south shore of staten island along the new york harbor , for which the current neighborhood of huguenot was named .
under the scotland act 1998 , ordinary general elections for the scottish parliament are held on the first thursday in may every four years ( 1999 , 2003 , 2007 and so on ) .
in 1916 the college moved to what is now the site of fresno city college one-half mile north of the tower district .
hans luther was ambitious for himself and his family , and he was determined to see martin , his eldest son , become a lawyer .
in 1854 at ballarat there was an armed rebellion against the government of victoria by miners protesting against mining taxes ( the " eureka stockade " ) .
luther states that everything that is used to work sorrow over sin is called the law , even if it is christ 's life , christ 's death for sin , or god 's goodness experienced in creation .
today , the tower district is also known as the center of fresno 's lgbt and hipster communities .
annual rainfall has ranged from 23.57 inches ( 598.7 mm ) in the “ rain year ” from july 1982 to june 1983 down to 4.43 inches ( 112.5 mm ) from july 1933 to june 1934. the most rainfall in one month was 9.54 inches ( 242.3 mm ) in november 1885 and the most rainfall in 24 hours 3.55 inches ( 90.2 mm ) on november 18 , 1885. measurable precipitation falls on an average of 48 days annually .
proving that any of these classes are unequal would be a major breakthrough in complexity theory .
a site was chosen in houston , texas , on land donated by rice university , and administrator webb announced the conversion on september 19 , 1961. it was also clear nasa would soon outgrow its practice of controlling missions from its cape canaveral air force station launch facilities in florida , so a new mission control center would be included in the msc .
with its outstanding architectural monuments , the slopes full of vines , settlements crowded on the narrow river banks and scores of castles lined up along the top of the steep slopes , the middle rhine valley can be considered the epitome of the rhine romanticism .
other green spaces in the city include the botanic garden and the university library garden .
if graph isomorphism is np-complete , the polynomial time hierarchy collapses to its second level .
crime rate has also been shown to be correlated with inequality in society .
the climate is cooler in the savannah grasslands around the capital city , nairobi , and especially closer to mount kenya , which has snow permanently on its peaks .
when the withdrawal began , some of montcalm 's indian allies , angered at the lost opportunity for loot , attacked the british column , killing and capturing several hundred men , women , children , and slaves .
though not always emphasized or appreciated in the anglican churches of their day , their teaching emphasized salvation by god 's grace , acquired through faith in christ .
the mermaid ( syrenka ) is warsaw 's symbol and can be found on statues throughout the city and on the city 's coat of arms .
the displays in this gallery cover objects from spain , north africa , the middle east , central asia and afghanistan .
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit .
other immune system cells that are known to express cyp27b1 and thus activate vitamin d calcidiol , are dendritic cells , keratinocytes and macrophages .
andreas karlstadt , supported by the ex-augustinian gabriel zwilling , embarked on a radical programme of reform there in june 1521 , exceeding anything envisaged by luther .
a particularly simple example of a probabilistic test is the fermat primality test , which relies on the fact ( fermat 's little theorem ) that np≡n ( mod p ) for any n if p is a prime number .
european and arab presence in coastal mombasa dates to the early modern period ; european exploration of the interior began in the 19th century .
there have also been many references to doctor who in popular culture and other science fiction , including star trek : the next generation ( " the neutral zone " ) and leverage .
tesla 's mother , đuka tesla ( née mandić ) , whose father was also an orthodox priest , :10 had a talent for making home craft tools , mechanical appliances , and the ability to memorize serbian epic poems .
on december 7 , 1965 , goldenson announced a merger proposal with itt to abc management ; the two companies agreed to the deal on april 27 , 1966. the fcc approved the merger on december 21 , 1966 ; however , the previous day ( december 20 ) , donald f. turner , head antitrust regulator for the united states department of justice , expressed doubts related to such issues as the emerging cable television market , and concerns over the journalistic integrity of abc and how it could be influenced by the overseas ownership of itt .
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai .
at the same time , the available evidence provides little support for the view that u.s.-style labor-market flexibility dramatically improves labor-market outcomes .
southern california consists of one of the more varied collections of geologic , topographic , and natural ecosystem landscapes in a diversity outnumbering other major regions in the state and country .
it has hosted the world 's most popular half marathon , the great north run , since it began in 1981 .
abc 's master feed is transmitted in 720p high definition , the native resolution format for the walt disney company 's u.s. television properties .
after a general debate on the final form of the bill , members proceed to vote at decision time on whether they agree to the general principles of the final bill .
the french crown 's refusal to allow non-catholics to settle in new france may help to explain that colony 's slow rate of population growth compared to that of the neighbouring british colonies , which opened settlement to religious dissenters .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces .
positive reinforcement is balanced with immediate and fair punishment for misbehavior and firm , clear boundaries define what is appropriate and inappropriate behavior .
there are over 10,000 objects made from silver or gold in the collection , the display ( about 15 % of the collection ) is divided into secular and sacred covering both christian ( roman catholic , anglican and greek orthodox ) and jewish liturgical vessels and items .
under the reign of genghis ' third son , ögedei khan , the mongols destroyed the weakened jin dynasty in 1234 , conquering most of northern china .
these sequences of photographs taken a fraction of a second apart capture images of different animals and humans performimg various actions .
in normal green chloroplasts , the vast majority of plastoglobuli occur singularly , attached directly to their parent thylakoid .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) .
by 1971 , the decision was made to also cancel missions 18 and 19. the two unused saturn vs became museum exhibits at the john f. kennedy space center on merritt island , florida , george c. marshall space center in huntsville , alabama , michoud assembly facility in new orleans , louisiana , and lyndon b. johnson space center in houston , texas .
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary .
in the late 17th century , robert boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion .
this is typically done on moral issues .
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game .
on may 9 , 1960 , wls launched a new lineup consisting of abc radio programming .
many of the empire 's nomadic inhabitants considered themselves mongols in military and civilian life , including mongols , turks and others and included many diverse khans of various ethnicities as part of the mongol empire such as muhammad khan .
a job where there are few able or willing workers ( low supply ) , but a large need for the positions ( high demand ) , will result in high wages for that job .
today , the warsaw stock exchange ( wse ) is , according to many indicators , the largest market in the region , with 374 companies listed and total capitalization of 162 584 mln eur as of 31 august 2009. from 1991 until 2000 , the stock exchange was , ironically , located in the building previously used as the headquarters of the polish united workers ' party ( pzpr ) .
elders serve a term of 2–3 years as provisional elders prior to their ordination .
mohamed morsi , an islamist democrat of muslim brotherhood , was the first democratically elected president of egypt .
the warfare was definitively quelled in 1598 , when henry of navarre , having succeeded to the french throne as henry iv , and having recanted protestantism in favour of roman catholicism , issued the edict of nantes .
tesla read many works , memorizing complete books , and supposedly possessed a photographic memory .
for instance , while traveling in a moving vehicle at a constant velocity , the laws of physics do not change from being at rest .
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
many of southern california 's most developed cities lie along or in close proximity to the coast , with the exception of san bernardino and riverside .
for example , friction is a manifestation of the electromagnetic force acting between the atoms of two surfaces , and the pauli exclusion principle , which does not permit atoms to pass through each other .
every may since 1987 , the university of chicago has held the university of chicago scavenger hunt , in which large teams of students compete to obtain notoriously esoteric items from a list .
the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam can be derived from various sources , most commonly from burning combustible materials with an appropriate supply of air in a closed space ( called variously combustion chamber , firebox ) .
in ireland , private schools ( irish : scoil phríobháideach ) are unusual because a certain number of teacher 's salaries are paid by the state .
jean cauvin ( john calvin ) , another student at the university of paris , also converted to protestantism .
cbs set the base rate for a 30-second advertisement at $ 5,000,000 , a record high price for a super bowl ad .
genghis khan is credited with bringing the silk road under one cohesive political environment .
the most authoritative account at the time came from the medical faculty in paris in a report to the king of france that blamed the heavens , in the form of a conjunction of three planets in 1345 that caused a " great pestilence in the air " .
this principle of equivalence was one of the foundational underpinnings for the development of the general theory of relativity .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
roughly contemporaneous with maududi was the founding of the muslim brotherhood in ismailiyah , egypt in 1928 by hassan al banna .
to remedy the causes of the fire , changes were made in the block ii spacecraft and operational procedures , the most important of which were use of a nitrogen/oxygen mixture instead of pure oxygen before and during launch , and removal of flammable cabin and space suit materials .
there are also estimated to be between 500 and 2,000 bolivians in newcastle , forming up to 1 % of the population—the largest such percentage of any uk city .
this basin encompasses 7,000,000 square kilometres ( 2,700,000 sq mi ) , of which 5,500,000 square kilometres ( 2,100,000 sq mi ) are covered by the rainforest .
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen .
the ruhr currently provides the region with drinking water .
the three-stage saturn v was designed to send a fully fueled csm and lm to the moon .
the v & a dundee will be on the city 's waterfront and is intended to focus on fashion , architecture , product design , graphic arts and photography .
the reverend alexander dyce was another benefactor of the library , leaving over 14,000 books to the museum in 1869. amongst the books he collected are early editions in greek and latin of the poets and playwrights aeschylus , aristotle , homer , livy , ovid , pindar , sophocles and virgil .
a fourth series , torchwood : miracle day jointly produced by bbc wales , bbc worldwide and the american entertainment company starz debuted in 2011. the series was predominantly set in the united states , though wales remained part of the show 's setting .
in a progressive tax system , the level of the top tax rate will often have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society , either increasing it or decreasing it , provided that income does not change as a result of the change in tax regime .
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world .
his patented ac induction motor and transformer were licensed by george westinghouse , who also hired tesla for a short time as a consultant .
within the last 5–10 million years , this accumulating water broke through the purus arch , joining the easterly flow toward the atlantic .
the right to create private schools in germany is in article 7 , paragraph 4 of the grundgesetz and can not be suspended even in a state of emergency .
for instance , in commission v france french farmer vigilantes were continually sabotaging shipments of spanish strawberries , and even belgian tomato imports .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
fire and explosion hazards exist when concentrated oxidants and fuels are brought into close proximity ; an ignition event , such as heat or a spark , is needed to trigger combustion .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
the sinclair broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations by numerical total , owning or providing services to 28 abc affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates ; sinclair owns the largest abc subchannel affiliate by market size , wabm-dt2/wdbb-dt2 in the birmingham market , which serve as repeaters of wbma-ld ( the largest low-power " big four " affiliate by market size , which itself is also simulcast on a subchannel of former wbma satellite wgww , owned by sinclair partner company howard stirk holdings ) .
the pilgrim street building was refurbished between november 2006 and may 2008 ; during the refurbishment works , the cinema relocated to the old town hall , gateshead .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
like much of the south atlantic region of the united states , jacksonville has a humid subtropical climate ( köppen cfa ) , with mild weather during winters and hot and humid weather during summers .
in england , the period of norman architecture immediately succeeds that of the anglo-saxon and precedes the early gothic .
tesla 's back was severely wrenched and three of his ribs were broken in the accident ( the full extent of his injuries will never be known ; tesla refused to consult a doctor—an almost lifelong custom ) .
under this state , there was great religious freedom , and alongside the norman nobles existed a meritocratic bureaucracy of jews , muslims and christians , both catholic and eastern orthodox .
in 1972 , the new rules resulted in the company 's decision to split abc films into two separate companies : the existing worldvision enterprises , which would produce and distribute programming for u.s. syndication , and abc circle films as a production unit .
he considered the jews blasphemers and liars because they rejected the divinity of jesus , whereas christians believed jesus was the messiah .
the largest , the theatre royal on grey street , first opened in 1837 , designed by john and benjamin green .
not designed to fly through the earth 's atmosphere or return to earth , its fuselage was designed totally without aerodynamic considerations , and was of an extremely lightweight construction .
european union law is applied by the courts of member states and the court of justice of the european union .
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng .
luther spoke out against the jews in saxony , brandenburg , and silesia .
the scottish parliament is unable to legislate on such issues that are reserved to , and dealt with at , westminster ( and where ministerial functions usually lie with uk government ministers ) .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
the strong and weak forces are nuclear forces that act only at very short distances , and are responsible for the interactions between subatomic particles , including nucleons and compound nuclei .
luther 's hymn , adapted and expanded from an earlier german creedal hymn , gained widespread use in vernacular lutheran liturgies as early as 1525. sixteenth-century lutheran hymnals also included " wir glauben all " among the catechetical hymns , although 18th-century hymnals tended to label the hymn as trinitarian rather than catechetical , and 20th-century lutherans rarely use the hymn because of the perceived difficulty of its tune .
at 1 a.m. he awoke with more chest pain and was warmed with hot towels .
if the water level drops , such that the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly , the lead melts and the steam escapes , warning the operators , who may then manually suppress the fire .
one chronicle from the early 17th century even relates the legend that the princess hid a small dagger and stabbed him , though some mongol authors have doubted this version and suspected it to be an invention by the rival oirads .
in total there are 352 votes , but for most acts there must be a qualified majority vote , if not consensus .
doctor who star matt smith won best actor in the 2012 national television awards alongside karen gillan who won best actress .
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion .
philo incorrectly surmised that parts of the air in the vessel were converted into the classical element fire and thus were able to escape through pores in the glass .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
publishing its blueprint for devolution in 1995 , the convention provided much of the basis for the structure of the parliament .
mohawk chief hendrick , speaker of their tribal council , insisted that the british abide by their obligations and block french expansion .
a dry type cooling tower is similar to an automobile radiator and is used in locations where water is costly .
in the case of spacesuits , the o 2 partial pressure in the breathing gas is , in general , about 30 kpa ( 1.4 times normal ) , and the resulting o 2 partial pressure in the astronaut 's arterial blood is only marginally more than normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure ( for more information on this , see space suit and arterial blood gas ) .
an online petition of over 5,100 names on the parliamentary website led to chris smith asking parliament about the future of the collection .
because of this , ethelred fled to normandy in 1013 , when he was forced from his kingdom by sweyn forkbeard .
in 1872 , the central pacific railroad established a station near easterby's—by now a hugely productive wheat farm—for its new southern pacific line .
the bainbridge ’ s official ledgers reported revenue by department , giving birth to the name department store .
it became known as the german te deum .
others migrated to places like saint-domingue , and fled to new orleans after the haitian revolution .
22,000–14,000 yr bp , when ice-sheets covered scandinavia , the baltics , scotland and the alps , but left the space between as open tundra .
islamism favors the reordering of government and society in accordance with the shari ' a .
all matters that are not specifically reserved are automatically devolved to the scottish parliament .
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum .
about 0.9 % of the sun 's mass is oxygen .
abc dominated the american television landscape during the 1970s and early 1980s ( by 1980 , the three major networks represented 90 % of all prime-time television viewership in the u.s. ) .
in 1973 , nixon named william e. simon as the first administrator of the federal energy office , a short-term organization created to coordinate the response to the embargo .
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent .
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner .
edward the confessor had set up the aforementioned ralph as earl of hereford and charged him with defending the marches and warring with the welsh .
rather , nk cells destroy compromised host cells , such as tumor cells or virus-infected cells , recognizing such cells by a condition known as " missing self . "
john dalton 's original atomic hypothesis assumed that all elements were monatomic and that the atoms in compounds would normally have the simplest atomic ratios with respect to one another .
dr. harrison schmitt , a geologist , was the first nasa scientist astronaut to fly in space , and landed on the moon on the last mission , apollo 17. schmitt participated in the lunar geology training of all of the apollo landing crews .
the result indicates that the rainforest could be threatened though the 21st century by climate change in addition to deforestation .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
this debate has proved difficult to resolve because the practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean that data sampling is biased away from the center of the amazon basin , and both explanations are reasonably well supported by the available data .
cbs analyst and retired referee mike carey stated he disagreed with the call and felt the review clearly showed the pass was complete .
magnetic stratigraphers look for signs of magnetic reversals in igneous rock units within the drill cores .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
by contrast to the ecj 's relaxed approach , a committee of independent experts found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had ‘ even the slightest sense of responsibility ’ .
the university partially manages argonne national laboratory , part of the united states department of energy 's national laboratory system , and has a joint stake in fermilab , a nearby particle physics laboratory , as well as a stake in the apache point observatory in sunspot , new mexico .
it offered a classic curriculum on the english university model—​​many leaders in the colony had attended the university of cambridge—​​but conformed puritanism .
large-scale regeneration has replaced former shipping premises with imposing new office developments ; an innovative tilting bridge , the gateshead millennium bridge was commissioned by gateshead council and has integrated the older newcastle quayside more closely with major cultural developments in gateshead , including the baltic centre for contemporary art , the venue for the turner prize 2011 and the norman foster-designed the sage gateshead music centre .
these folds can either be those where the material in the center of the fold buckles upwards , creating " antiforms " , or where it buckles downwards , creating " synforms " .
anticipating that currency values would fluctuate unpredictably for a time , the industrialized nations increased their reserves ( by expanding their money supplies ) in amounts far greater than before .
in one of the richest agricultural regions in the u.s. , cattle and citrus were major industries until farmlands were turned into suburbs .
the museum is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the department for culture , media and sport .
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area .
there are hints in the surviving records of the ancient egyptians that they had some knowledge of prime numbers : the egyptian fraction expansions in the rhind papyrus , for instance , have quite different forms for primes and for composites .
climate fluctuations during the last 34 million years have allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics .
the river ijssel branch flows to the north and enters the ijsselmeer , formerly the zuider zee brackish lagoon ; however , since 1932 , a freshwater lake .
a restartable version of the s-ivb was used as the third stage of the saturn v. the saturn ib could send over 40,000 pounds ( 18,100 kg ) into low earth orbit , sufficient for a partially fueled csm or the lm .
an individual may not sit in the scottish parliament if he or she is judged to be insane under the terms of the mental health ( care and treatment ) ( scotland ) act 2003 .
for example , large numbers of human vγ9/vδ2 t cells respond within hours to common molecules produced by microbes , and highly restricted vδ1+ t cells in epithelia respond to stressed epithelial cells .
more recently the uk supreme court noted that in r ( hs2 action alliance ltd ) v secretary of state for transport , although the uk constitution is uncodified , there could be " fundamental principles " of common law , and parliament " did not either contemplate or authorise the abrogation " of those principles when it enacted the european communities act 1972. the view of the german constitutional court from the solange i and solange ii decisions is that if the eu does not comply with its basic constitutional rights and principles ( particularly democracy , the rule of law and the social state principles ) then it can not override german law .
next , the two plastid-dividing rings , or pd rings form .
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack .
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount .
granal thylakoids are pancake-shaped circular disks about 300–600 nanometers in diameter .
in works such as la nativité du seigneur ( 1935 ) and quatre études de rythme ( 1949–50 ) , he simultaneously employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers to create unpredictable rhythms : the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in the third étude , " neumes rythmiques " .
in his lab he also conducted a range of experiments with mechanical oscillators/generators , electrical discharge tubes , and early x-ray imaging .
the country is known chiefly for its dominance in middle-distance and long-distance athletics , having consistently produced olympic and commonwealth games champions in various distance events , especially in 800 m , 1,500 m , 3,000 m steeplechase , 5,000 m , 10,000 m and the marathon .
when sky digital was launched in 1998 the new service used the astra 2a satellite which was located at the 28.5°e orbital position , unlike the analogue service which was broadcast from 19.2°e .
neutrophils and macrophages are phagocytes that travel throughout the body in pursuit of invading pathogens .
the snp took 16 seats from labour , with many of their key figures not returned to parliament , although labour leader iain gray retained east lothian by 151 votes .
in 1926 , tesla commented on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality , and indicated that humanity 's future would be run by " queen bees . "
to derive equal work from lower-pressure steam requires a larger cylinder volume as this steam occupies a greater volume .
in november 1969 , gemini veteran charles " pete " conrad and rookie alan l. bean made a precision landing on apollo 12 within walking distance of the surveyor 3 unmanned lunar probe , which had landed in april 1967 on the ocean of storms .
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds .
in another incident , around 1177 , he was captured in a raid and held prisoner by his father 's former allies , the tayichi'ud .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
one theory suggests the name stems from a palatalised version of the mongolian and turkic word tenggis , meaning " ocean " , " oceanic " or " wide-spreading " .
consequently , many huguenots considered the wealthy and calvinist dutch republic , which led the opposition to louis xiv , as the most attractive country for exile after the revocation of the edict of nantes .
for the 2012–13 school year annual tuition was $ 38,000 , with a total cost of attendance of $ 57,000 .
for example , 5 is prime because 1 and 5 are its only positive integer factors , whereas 6 is composite because it has the divisors 2 and 3 in addition to 1 and 6. the fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes the central role of primes in number theory : any integer greater than 1 can be expressed as a product of primes that is unique up to ordering .
mandatory committees are committees which are set down under the scottish parliament 's standing orders , which govern their remits and proceedings .
luther 's rediscovery of " christ and his salvation " was the first of two points that became the foundation for the reformation .
nk cells also kill tumorous cells in a similar way , especially if the tumor cells have fewer mhc class i molecules on their surface than normal ; this is a common phenomenon with tumors .
the election held in 1988 saw the advent of the mlolongo ( queuing ) system , where voters were supposed to line up behind their favoured candidates instead of a secret ballot .
the book of discipline is the guidebook for local churches and pastors and describes in considerable detail the organizational structure of local united methodist churches .
when the interstate highway system was created in the 1950s , the decision was made to build what is now interstate 5 on the west side of the central valley , and thus bypass many of the population centers in the region , instead of upgrading what is now state route 99. due to rapidly raising population and traffic in cities along sr 99 , as well as the desirability of federal funding , much discussion has been made to upgrade it to interstate standards and eventually incorporate it into the interstate system , most likely as interstate 9. major improvements to signage , lane width , median separation , vertical clearance , and other concerns are currently underway .
he suffered a peculiar affliction in which blinding flashes of light would appear before his eyes , often accompanied by visions .
:33 tesla would visualize an invention in his mind with extreme precision , including all dimensions , before moving to the construction stage , a technique sometimes known as picture thinking .
the official opening by queen victoria was on 22 june 1857. in the following year , late night openings were introduced , made possible by the use of gas lighting .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
prior to the early 1960s , access to the forest 's interior was highly restricted , and the forest remained basically intact .
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971. as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973. the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over and continued to play the character until doctor who 's hiatus in 1989. the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism .
until the all-channel receiver act ( passed by congress in 1961 ) mandated the inclusion of uhf tuning , most viewers needed to purchase a converter to be able to watch uhf stations , and the signal quality was marginal at best even with a converter .
richard harbison 's purely morphological analysis in 1985 concluded that the cydippids are not monophyletic , in other words do not contain all and only the descendants of a single common ancestor that was itself a cydippid .
they are divided into four classes ( type i – iv ) based on the mechanisms involved and the time course of the hypersensitive reaction .
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign. ” if a man chose to be an agent of injustice , then thoreau insisted on confronting him with the fact that he was making a choice .
in 1018 , roger de tosny travelled to the iberian peninsula to carve out a state for himself from moorish lands , but failed .
tesla believed that the league of nations was not a remedy for the times and issues .
the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience took place during the roman empire [ citation needed ] .
he promptly awarded their elected leader , william iron arm , with the title of count in his capital of melfi .
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties .
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area .
cbc began showing the series again in 2005. the series moved to the canadian cable channel space in 2009 .
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union .
the united methodist church opposes conscription as incompatible with the teaching of scripture .
the metropolitan county of tyne and wear , which consists of the four aforementioned boroughs as well as the city of sunderland ( population circa 275,000 ) , had a population of around 1,076,000 and the tyne and wear city region which also includes north durham , south east northumberland and the tyne valley has a population of 1,650,000. newcastle is also home to a large student population with newcastle and northumbria universities in the local area .
undergraduate students are required to take a distribution of courses to satisfy the university 's core curriculum known as the common core .
the letters are strongly reminiscent of the bauhaus typeface designed by herbert bayer in the 1920s , but also share similarities with several other fonts , such as itc avant garde and horatio , and most closely resembling chalet .
there are various mechanisms by which teacher enthusiasm may facilitate higher levels of intrinsic motivation .
the ruhr , which joins the rhine in duisburg , is nowadays a clean river , thanks to a combination of stricter environmental controls , a transition from heavy industry to light industry and cleanup measures , such as the reforestation of slag and brownfields .
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation .
thoreau admits that government may express the will of the majority but it may also express nothing more than the will of elite politicians .
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies .
terra preta ( black earth ) , which is distributed over large areas in the amazon forest , is now widely accepted as a product of indigenous soil management .
he had to work at various electrical repair jobs and even as a ditch digger for $ 2 per day .
the investigation of the pathogen that caused the 19th-century plague was begun by teams of scientists who visited hong kong in 1894 , among whom was the french-swiss bacteriologist alexandre yersin , after whom the pathogen was named yersinia pestis .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
crosscountry trains serve destinations in yorkshire , the midlands and the south west .
euplokamis ' tentilla have three types of movement that are used in capturing prey : they may flick out very quickly ( in 40 to 60 milliseconds ) ; they can wriggle , which may lure prey by behaving like small planktonic worms ; and they coil round prey .
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . )
other prominent alumni include anthropologists david graeber and donald johanson , who is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as " lucy " in the afar triangle region , psychologist john b. watson , american psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , communication theorist harold innis , chess grandmaster samuel reshevsky , and conservative international relations scholar and white house coordinator of security planning for the national security council samuel p. huntington .
this gives a theoretical carnot efficiency of about 63 % compared with an actual efficiency of 42 % for a modern coal-fired power station .
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup .
following bskyb 's 2014 acquisition of sky italia and a majority 90.04 % interest in sky deutschland in november 2014 , its holding company british sky broadcasting group plc changed its name to sky plc .
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas .
much unregistered property is held in informal form through various associations and other arrangements .
in 2009 , the great internet mersenne prime search project was awarded a us $ 100,000 prize for first discovering a prime with at least 10 million digits .
fulton street in downtown fresno was fresno 's main financial and commercial district before being converted into one of the nation 's first pedestrian malls in 1964. renamed the fulton mall , the area contains the densest collection of historic buildings in fresno .
the most notable examples of renaissance architecture in the city are the house of baryczko merchant family ( 1562 ) , building called " the negro " ( early 17th century ) and salwator tenement ( 1632 ) .
shark tank ( based on the dragon 's den reality format ) also became a midseason sleeper hit on sundays in the spring of 2010 ; the following season , it became the tentpole of the network 's friday night schedule , gradually helping make abc a strong competitor ( after being paired with 20/20 and beginning with the 2012–13 season , the tim allen sitcom last man standing ) against cbs ' long-dominant drama/reality lineup on that night for the first time since the " tgif " lineup ended in 2000 .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue .
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences is to elect and appoint bishops , the chief administrators of the church .
seismologists can use the arrival times of seismic waves in reverse to image the interior of the earth .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) .
the fresno chandler executive airport is also on the west side .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
between about ad 14 and 180 , the assignment of legions was as follows : for the army of germania inferior , two legions at vetera ( xanten ) , i germanica and xx valeria ( pannonian troops ) ; two legions at oppidum ubiorum ( " town of the ubii " ) , which was renamed to colonia agrippina , descending to cologne , v alaudae , a celtic legion recruited from gallia narbonensis and xxi , possibly a galatian legion from the other side of the empire .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing .
the lutheran theologian franz pieper observed that luther 's teaching about the state of the christian 's soul after death differed from the later lutheran theologians such as johann gerhard .
they suggested a range of new organizational options , from tightening the selection of lead authors and contributors , to dumping it in favor of a small permanent body , or even turning the whole climate science assessment process into a moderated " living " wikipedia-ipcc .
the fis won sweeping victories in local elections and it was going to win national elections in 1991 when voting was canceled by a military coup d'état .
the plugs-out test began on the morning of january 27 , 1967 , and immediately was plagued with problems .
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block .
immunodeficiencies occur when one or more of the components of the immune system are inactive .
despite periodic repression , the brotherhood has become one of the most influential movements in the islamic world , particularly in the arab world .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
southern california contains a mediterranean climate , with infrequent rain and many sunny days .
sky uk limited ( formerly british sky broadcasting or bskyb ) is a british telecommunications company which serves the united kingdom .
in 1201 , a khuruldai elected jamukha as gür khan , " universal ruler " , a title used by the rulers of the qara khitai .
in august 1999 , abc premiered a special series event , who wants to be a millionaire , a game show based on the british program of the same title .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
between 1991 and 2000 , the total area of forest lost in the amazon rose from 415,000 to 587,000 square kilometres ( 160,000 to 227,000 sq mi ) , with most of the lost forest becoming pasture for cattle .
it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968. consolidation gave jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits ; with an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014 , it is the most populous city proper in florida and the southeast , and the 12th most populous in the united states .
cultural imperialism is when a country 's influence is felt in social and cultural circles , i.e .
the executive summary of the wg i summary for policymakers report says they are certain that emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases , resulting on average in an additional warming of the earth 's surface .
in a famous case , the belgian football association v bosman , a belgian footballer named jean-marc bosman claimed that he should be able to transfer from r.f.c .
phycobilins often organize into relatively large protein complexes about 40 nanometers across called phycobilisomes .
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524–25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists .
primarily because rules and regulations are made by the community as a whole , thence the school atmosphere is one of persuasion and negotiation , rather than confrontation since there is no one to confront .
many scholars arguing for the y. pestis as the major agent of the pandemic suggest that its extent and symptoms can be explained by a combination of bubonic plague with other diseases , including typhus , smallpox and respiratory infections .
running back c. j. anderson was the team 's leading rusher 863 yards and seven touchdowns , while also catching 25 passes for 183 yards .
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks .
it meets each six months and its president ( currently former poland prime minister donald tusk ) is meant to 'drive forward its work ' , but it does not itself 'legislative functions ' .
boulton and watt 's early engines used half as much coal as john smeaton 's improved version of newcomen 's .
in 2009 , harvard offered grants totaling $ 414 million across all eleven divisions ; [ further explanation needed ] $ 340 million came from institutional funds , $ 35 million from federal support , and $ 39 million from other outside support .
in the fall of 1949 , abc found itself in the position of an outsider , with less coverage than two of its competing networks , cbs and nbc , even though it was on par with them in some major cities and had a headstart over its third rival at the time , the dumont television network .
formal teaching may be carried out by paid professionals .
the city is served by the tyne and wear metro , a system of suburban and underground railways covering much of tyne and wear .
mueller agreed , and phillips managed apollo from january 1964 , until it achieved the first manned landing in july 1969 , after which he returned to air force duty .
survivors from the citadel were executed , artisans and craftsmen were sent back to mongolia , young men who had not fought were drafted into the mongolian army and the rest of the population was sent into slavery .
in the late 17th century , robert boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion .
the only thing captured in the image was the metal locking screw on the camera lens .
in 2009 , the great internet mersenne prime search project was awarded a us $ 100,000 prize for first discovering a prime with at least 10 million digits .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
the filling pharmacy has a corresponding responsibility to ensure that the prescription is valid .
the far eastern collections include more than 70,000 works of art from the countries of east asia : china , japan and korea .
following the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event , the extinction of the dinosaurs and the wetter climate may have allowed the tropical rainforest to spread out across the continent .
this address later inspired the pakistan movement .
colloblasts are specialized mushroom-shaped cells in the outer layer of the epidermis , and have three main components : a domed head with vesicles ( chambers ) that contain adhesive ; a stalk that anchors the cell in the lower layer of the epidermis or in the mesoglea ; and a spiral thread that coils round the stalk and is attached to the head and to the root of the stalk .
at the end of his second year , tesla lost his scholarship and became addicted to gambling .
in particular , it has consistently topped the academic ranking of world universities ( arwu ) since 2003 , and the the world reputation rankings since 2011 , when the first time such league tables were published .
many of these series were greenlit by silverman , who left abc in 1978 to become president of nbc 's entertainment division .
more than 26,000 square kilometres ( 10,000 sq mi ) of victorian farmland are sown for grain , mostly in the state 's west .
there are many forms of spiritual or religious teachers in christianity , across all three major traditions - ( roman ) catholic , ( eastern ) orthodox catholic , and protestant/non-denominational , with a stronger tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical christian traditions with a long tradition of " discernment of spirits " , of vocations , and other aspects of spiritual life , especially the roman and orthodox catholic churches .
from 1947 to 1967 , the dollar price of oil had risen by less than two percent per year .
following the series revival in 2005 , derek jacobi provided the character 's re-introduction in the 2007 episode " utopia " .
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " .
livestock predominates in the semi-arid savanna to the north and east .
all declared their support for richard provided that he support guy against his rival conrad of montferrat .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
the use of remote sensing for the conservation of the amazon is also being used by the indigenous tribes of the basin to protect their tribal lands from commercial interests .
within a few months , the budapest telephone exchange became functional and tesla was allocated the chief electrician position .
when a rock crystallizes from melt ( magma and/or lava ) , it is an igneous rock .
the production of major food staples such as corn is subject to sharp weather-related fluctuations .
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations .
another example is from the 1986 serial the trial of a time lord , where michael jayston portrayed the valeyard , who is described as an amalgamation of the darker sides of the doctor 's nature , somewhere between his twelfth and final incarnation .
luther came to understand justification as entirely the work of god .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
the rocks collected from the moon are extremely old compared to rocks found on earth , as measured by radiometric dating techniques .
all higher education institutions were immediately closed and warsaw 's entire jewish population – several hundred thousand , some 30 % of the city – herded into the warsaw ghetto .
hutchins eliminated varsity football from the university in an attempt to emphasize academics over athletics , instituted the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum known as the common core , and organized the university 's graduate work into its current [ when ? ]
for luther , reason could be used to question men and institutions , but not god .
advances in polynomial algebra were made by mathematicians during the yuan era .
economist joseph stiglitz argues that rather than explaining concentrations of wealth and income , market forces should serve as a brake on such concentration , which may better be explained by the non-market force known as " rent-seeking " .
on 28 february 2008 , kibaki and odinga signed an agreement on the formation of a coalition government in which odinga would become kenya 's second prime minister .
galileo was instrumental in describing the characteristics of falling objects by determining that the acceleration of every object in free-fall was constant and independent of the mass of the object .
only 100–150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
the justification for this is that a lack of education leads directly to lower incomes , and thus lower aggregate savings and investment .
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma .
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments .
four of the sororities are members of the national panhellenic conference , and ten of the fraternities form the university of chicago interfraternity council .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
isaac surrendered and was confined with silver chains , because richard had promised that he would not place him in irons .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
these include the miller–rabin primality test , which is fast but has a small probability of error , and the aks primality test , which always produces the correct answer in polynomial time but is too slow to be practical .
loudoun , a capable administrator but a cautious field commander , planned one major operation for 1757 : an attack on new france 's capital , quebec .
in favorable circumstances , ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day .
through the work of leading theoretical physicists , a new theory of electromagnetism was developed using quantum mechanics .
teachers that spend more time interacting and working directly with students are perceived as supportive and effective teachers .
attendance at the 2003 meeting included 350 government officials and climate change experts .
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism .
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) .
the rankine cycle and most practical steam engines have a water pump to recycle or top up the boiler water , so that they may be run continuously .
individuals may also become a professing member through transfer from another christian denomination .
at this time , none of the tribal confederations of mongolia were united politically , and arranged marriages were often used to solidify temporary alliances .
the english channel , the irish channel and most of the north sea were dry land , mainly because sea level was approximately 120 m ( 390 ft ) lower than today .
they retained the religious provisions of the edict of nantes until the rule of louis xiv , who progressively increased persecution of them until he issued the edict of fontainebleau ( 1685 ) , which abolished all legal recognition of protestantism in france , and forced the huguenots to convert .
lindisfarne are a folk-rock group with a strong tyneside connection .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
clinical pharmacists often collaborate with physicians and other healthcare professionals to improve pharmaceutical care .
doctor who originally ran for 26 seasons on bbc one , from 23 november 1963 until 6 december 1989. during the original run , each weekly episode formed part of a story ( or " serial " ) — usually of four to six parts in earlier years and three to four in later years .
this suggests the eu 's legitimacy rests on the ultimate authority of member states , its factual commitment to human rights , and the democratic will of the people .
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida .
the height of this persecution was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre when 5,000 to 30,000 were killed , although there were also underlying political reasons for this as well , as some of the huguenots were nobles trying to establish separate centers of power in southern france .
the skirmish of the brick church in 1862 just outside jacksonville proper resulted in the first confederate victory in florida .
parliament typically sits tuesdays , wednesdays and thursdays from early january to late june and from early september to mid december , with two-week recesses in april and october .
he produced artificial lightning , with discharges consisting of millions of volts and up to 135 feet long .
he encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration , nonviolent civil disobedience , and violent civil disobedience .
there are 131 seats in the debating chamber .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
while the concept of a " social market economy " was only introduced into eu law in 2007 , free movement and trade were central to european development since the treaty of rome 1957. according to the standard theory of comparative advantage , two countries can both benefit from trade even if one of them has a less productive economy in all respects .
while the treaties and regulations will have direct effect ( if clear , unconditional and immediate ) , directives do not generally give citizens ( as opposed to the member state ) standing to sue other citizens .
many types of turing machines are used to define complexity classes , such as deterministic turing machines , probabilistic turing machines , non-deterministic turing machines , quantum turing machines , symmetric turing machines and alternating turing machines .
high and persistent unemployment , in which inequality increases , has a negative effect on subsequent long-run economic growth .
in november 2011 the capacity of the tyne tunnel was increased when a project to build a second road tunnel and refurbish the first tunnel was completed .
as of 2012 [ update ] , harvard university had a total financial aid reserve of $ 159 million for students , and a pell grant reserve of $ 4.093 million available for disbursement .
saudi arabia attempted to compensate for its loss of prestige among these groups by repressing those domestic islamists who attacked it ( bin laden being a prime example ) , and increasing aid to islamic groups ( islamist madrassas around the world and even aiding some violent islamist groups ) that did not , but its pre-war influence on behalf of moderation was greatly reduced .
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population .
the term imperialism has been applied to western ( and japanese ) political and economic dominance especially in asia and africa in the 19th and 20th centuries .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
however , under directives , citizens or corporations were said in 1986 to not be allowed to bring claims against other non-state parties .
this made the 4-cylinder triple-expansion engine popular with large passenger liners ( such as the olympic class ) , but this was ultimately replaced by the virtually vibration-free turbine engine .
the river makes a distinctive turn to the north near chur .
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare .
fertilization is external in most species , but platyctenids use internal fertilization and keep the eggs in brood chambers until they hatch .
the v & a theatre & performance galleries , formerly the theatre museum , opened in march 2009. the collections are stored by the v & a , and are available for research , exhibitions and other shows .
uptake of o 2 from the air is the essential purpose of respiration , so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine .
in the mid-18th century christian goldbach listed 1 as the first prime in his famous correspondence with leonhard euler -- who did not agree .
cysteine is made in the chloroplast ( the proplastid too ) but it is also synthesized in the cytosol and mitochondria , probably because it has trouble crossing membranes to get to where it is needed .
exploration is still continuing to determine if there are more reserves .
while the determination of responsibility for the accident was complex , the review board concluded that " deficiencies existed in command module design , workmanship and quality control . "
the university of chicago library system encompasses six libraries that contain a total of 9.8 million volumes , the 11th most among library systems in the united states .
acute oxygen toxicity ( causing seizures , its most feared effect for divers ) can occur by breathing an air mixture with 21 % o 2 at 66 m or more of depth ; the same thing can occur by breathing 100 % o 2 at only 6 m .
in the philippines , the private sector has been a major provider of educational services , accounting for about 7.5 % of primary enrollment , 32 % of secondary enrollment and about 80 % of tertiary enrollment .
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " .
oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema , pneumonia , some heart disorders ( congestive heart failure ) , some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure , and any disease that impairs the body 's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen .
olivier roy argues that " sunni pan-islamism underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century " when the muslim brotherhood movement and its focus on islamisation of pan-arabism was eclipsed by the salafi movement with its emphasis on " sharia rather than the building of islamic institutions , " and rejection of shia islam .
on september 30 , 1960 , abc premiered the flintstones , another example of counterprogramming ; although the animated series from william hanna and joseph barbera was filmed in color from the beginning , it was initially broadcast in black-and-white , as abc had not made the necessary technical upgrades to broadcast its programming in color at the time .
other bacteria , such as mycobacterium tuberculosis , live inside a protective capsule that prevents lysis by complement .
southern california is also home to the port of los angeles , the united states ' busiest commercial port ; the adjacent port of long beach , the united states ' second busiest container port ; and the port of san diego .
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
dubbed skylab , it was constructed complete on the ground rather than in space , and launched in 1973 using the two lower stages of a saturn v. it was equipped with an apollo telescope mount , the solar telescope that would have been used on the apollo telescope missions .
although maududi talked about islamic revolution , by " revolution " he meant not the violence or populist policies of the iranian revolution , but the gradual changing the hearts and minds of individuals from the top of society downward through an educational process or da'wah .
starch storing amyloplasts can also be converted to chromoplasts , and it is possible for proplastids to develop straight into chromoplasts .
according to the good schools guide approximately 9 per cent of children being educated in the uk are doing so at fee-paying schools at gsce level and 13 per cent at a-level .
it fostered the development of a standard version of the german language , added several principles to the art of translation , and influenced the writing of an english translation , the tyndale bible .
he had to work at various electrical repair jobs and even as a ditch digger for $ 2 per day .
these services involve the laying on of hands and anointing with oil .
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars .
the nestorian physician jesus the interpreter founded the office of western medicine in 1263 during the reign of kublai .
although the spanish takeover of the louisiana territory ( which was not completed until 1769 ) had modest repercussions , the british takeover of spanish florida resulted in the westward migration of tribes that did not want to do business with the british , and a rise in tensions between the choctaw and the creek , historic enemies whose divisions the british at times exploited .
in 2004 , the v & a alongside royal institute of british architects opened the first permanent gallery in the uk covering the history of architecture with displays using models , photographs , elements from buildings and original drawings .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
cbs analyst and retired referee mike carey stated he disagreed with the call and felt the review clearly showed the pass was complete .
teachers have the option to teach for a public school which is funded by the provincial government or teaching in a private school which is funded by the private sector , businesses and sponsors .
one of the rarest items in the collection is the 58 cm high gloucester candlestick , dated to c1110 , made from gilt bronze ; with highly elaborate and intricate intertwining branches containing small figures and inscriptions , it is a tour de force of bronze casting .
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water .
at the destination , the original message/data is reassembled in the correct order , based on the packet sequence number .
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack .
linebacker luke kuechly had 11 total tackles , while thomas davis had seven , despite playing just two weeks after breaking his right arm in the nfc title game .
suggestions for a 'devolved ' parliament were made before 1914 , but were shelved due to the outbreak of the first world war .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
in addition to using 30 % less steam , it provided more uniform speed due to variable steam cut off , making it well suited to manufacturing , especially cotton spinning .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
he showed that the bodies were accelerated by gravity to an extent that was independent of their mass and argued that objects retain their velocity unless acted on by a force , for example friction .
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality .
mongolia 's main international airport in ulaanbaatar is named chinggis khaan international airport .
newcastle replaced him in january 1756 with lord loudoun , with major general james abercrombie as his second in command .
some such schools teach religious education , together with the usual academic subjects to impress their particular faith 's beliefs and traditions in the students who attend .
if this necessary condition is satisfied , dirichlet 's theorem on arithmetic progressions asserts that the progression contains infinitely many primes .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
fermat also conjectured that all numbers of the form 22n + 1 are prime ( they are called fermat numbers ) and he verified this up to n = 4 ( or 216 + 1 ) .
hence ctenophores usually swim in the direction in which the mouth is pointing , unlike jellyfish .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
in the uk the role of a pht has grown and responsibility has been passed on to them to manage the pharmacy department and specialised areas in pharmacy practice allowing pharmacists the time to specialise in their expert field as medication consultants spending more time working with patients and in research .
according to russian census of 1897 , out of the total population of 638,000 , jews constituted 219,000 ( around 34 % percent ) .
photosynthesis releases oxygen into the atmosphere , while respiration and decay remove it from the atmosphere .
maxime faget 's preliminary apollo design employed a cone-shaped command module , supported by one of several service modules providing propulsion and electrical power , sized appropriately for the space station , cislunar , and lunar landing missions .
the former midlothian county buildings facing parliament square , high street and george iv bridge in edinburgh ( originally built as the headquarters of the pre-1975 midlothian county council ) housed the parliament 's visitors ' centre and shop , whilst the main hall was used as the parliament 's principal committee room .
therefore , according to the book of discipline , united methodist theology is at once " catholic , evangelical , and reformed . "
the total number of seats in the parliament are allocated to parties proportionally to the number of votes received in the second vote of the ballot using the d'hondt method .
however , on may 3 , 2013 , the florida legislature refused to approve the funding plan to pay for the renovations , dealing a significant blow to miami 's chances .
to date , some 150 nobel laureates , 18 fields medalists and 13 turing award winners have been affiliated as students , faculty , or staff .
the president is both the head of state and head of government , and of a multi-party system .
pawiak , an infamous german gestapo prison now occupied by a mausoleum of memory of martyrdom and the museum , is only the beginning of a walk in the traces of heroic city .
the negotiations were successfully concluded on 17 february 1546. after 8 a.m. , he experienced chest pains .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
the historic city-centre of warsaw with its picturesque old town in 1980 was listed as a unesco world heritage site .
for time and space requirements , the answer to such questions is given by the time and space hierarchy theorems respectively .
after a chloroplast polypeptide is synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol , an enzyme specific to chloroplast proteins phosphorylates , or adds a phosphate group to many ( but not all ) of them in their transit sequences .
there may be an epidemic that causes widespread panic , or there could be rampant violence in the area that prevents people from going to work for fear of their lives .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
newcastle was part of the county of northumberland until 1400 , when it became a county itself , a status it retained until becoming part of tyne and wear in 1974 .
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states .
within labor income distribution is due to differences in value added by different classifications of workers .
in addition , analysis of the medieval warm period cited reconstructions by crowley & lowery 2000 ( as cited in the tar ) and osborn & briffa 2006. ten of these 14 reconstructions covered 1,000 years or longer .
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030. in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight .
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) of building material per hour as of january 2013 [ update ] , with the next-generation printers capable of 3.5 metres ( 11 ft ) per hour , sufficient to complete a building in a week .
eastern crops such as carrots , turnips , new varieties of lemons , eggplants , and melons , high-quality granulated sugar , and cotton were all either introduced or successfully popularized during the yuan dynasty .
thus , the contracts must be designed to ensure that each side is capable of performing the obligations set out .
:247 he was also critical of einstein 's theory of relativity , saying :
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
in " smith and jones " ( 2007 ) , when asked if he had a brother , he replied , " no , not any more . "
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei .
chen 's theorem says that every sufficiently large even number can be expressed as the sum of a prime and a semiprime , the product of two primes .
some transferred chloroplast dna protein products get directed to the secretory pathway ( though it should be noted that many secondary plastids are bounded by an outermost membrane derived from the host 's cell membrane , and therefore topologically outside of the cell , because to reach the chloroplast from the cytosol , you have to cross the cell membrane , just like if you were headed for the extracellular space .
these attacks resonated with conservative muslims and the problem did not go away with saddam 's defeat either , since american troops remained stationed in the kingdom , and a de facto cooperation with the palestinian-israeli peace process developed .
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) .
later , in 1901 , oxyacetylene welding was demonstrated for the first time by burning a mixture of acetylene and compressed o 2. this method of welding and cutting metal later became common .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds .
in 1972 , richard karp took this idea a leap forward with his landmark paper , " reducibility among combinatorial problems " , in which he showed that 21 diverse combinatorial and graph theoretical problems , each infamous for its computational intractability , are np-complete .
the remaining $ 500 million was loaned by warren buffett , who promised that his company berkshire hathaway would purchase $ 3 million in shares , at $ 172.50 apiece .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
like other 'unconventional ' t cell subsets bearing invariant tcrs , such as cd1d-restricted natural killer t cells , γδ t cells straddle the border between innate and adaptive immunity .
european union law is applied by the courts of member states and the court of justice of the european union .
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1. the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) !
as indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation and ecocide , such as in the peruvian amazon indigenous peoples ' rainforest communities continue to disappear , while others , like the urarina continue to struggle to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories .
speakers are drawn from across scotland and are chosen to represent the balance of religious beliefs according to the scottish census .
the alps are part of the great dividing range mountain system extending east-west through the centre of victoria .
not happy with their betrayal and resistance , genghis khan ordered the entire imperial family to be executed , effectively ending the tangut lineage .
the united methodist church is the largest denomination within the wider methodist movement , which has approximately 80 million adherents across the world .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
virtually all nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator .
it became clear that managing the apollo program would exceed the capabilities of robert r. gilruth 's space task group , which had been directing the nation 's manned space program from nasa 's langley research center .
this is usually taken to be the size of the input in bits .
the next major step occurred when james watt developed ( 1763–1775 ) an improved version of newcomen 's engine , with a separate condenser .
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 .
kuchlug , the deposed khan of the naiman confederation that temüjin defeated and folded into his mongol empire , fled west and usurped the khanate of qara khitai ( also known as the western liao , as it was originally established as remnants of the liao dynasty ) .
on black hammock island in the national timucuan ecological and historic preserve , a university of north florida team discovered some of the oldest remnants of pottery in the united states , dating to 2500 bc .
on october 19 , 2005 , abc announced the restructuring of the group into six divisions : entertainment communications , communications resources , kids communications , news communications , corporate communications , and international communications .
in actuality , warsz was a 12th/13th-century nobleman who owned a village located at the modern-day site of mariensztat neighbourhood .
enthusiastic teachers may also lead to students becoming more self-determined in their own learning process .
behind them , two of the panthers three starting linebackers were also selected to play in the pro bowl : thomas davis and luke kuechly .
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in .
for antiparallel spins the position variables must be symmetric ( i.e .
they were powered by air pressure pushing a piston into the partial vacuum generated by condensing steam , instead of the pressure of expanding steam .
politically , the system of government created by kublai khan was the product of a compromise between mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional chinese autocratic-bureaucratic system .
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary .
the images were from tapes in australia , the cbs news archive , and kinescope recordings made at johnson space center .
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden .
tanaghrisson , a chief of the mingo , who were remnants of iroquois and other tribes who had been driven west by colonial expansion .
over the six years studied , the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by ipcc 's 2001 projection , and the actual sea level rise was above the top of the range of the ipcc projection .
oxygen toxicity to the lungs and central nervous system can also occur in deep scuba diving and surface supplied diving .
teu article 16 ( 4 ) and tfeu article 238 ( 3 ) define this to mean at least 55 per cent of the council members ( not votes ) representing 65 per cent of the population of the eu : currently this means around 74 per cent , or 260 of the 352 votes .
with the development of quantum field theory and general relativity , it was realized that force is a redundant concept arising from conservation of momentum ( 4-momentum in relativity and momentum of virtual particles in quantum electrodynamics ) .
[ citation needed ] although imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years , the term " age of imperialism " generally refers to the activities of european powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century , for example , the " the great game " in persian lands , the " scramble for africa " and the " open door policy " in china .
in 1951 , a rumor even mentioned that the network would be sold to cbs .
in this way , kenya became an independent country under the kenya independence act 1963 of the united kingdom .
2013 economics nobel prize winner robert j. shiller said that rising inequality in the united states and elsewhere is the most important problem .
these engines are mainly used in toys and models , because of their simplicity , but have also been used in full size working engines , mainly on ships where their compactness is valued .
a static equilibrium between two forces is the most usual way of measuring forces , using simple devices such as weighing scales and spring balances .
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm .
another example was the insignificance of the ministry of war compared with native chinese dynasties , as the real military authority in yuan times resided in the privy council .
the lake is situated in germany , switzerland and austria near the alps .
some of the largest primes not known to have any particular form ( that is , no simple formula such as that of mersenne primes ) have been found by taking a piece of semi-random binary data , converting it to a number n , multiplying it by 256k for some positive integer k , and searching for possible primes within the interval [ 256kn + 1 , 256k ( n + 1 ) − 1 ] .
the programme 's first serial , an unearthly child , shows that the doctor has a granddaughter , susan foreman .
often the place that did this was called an apothecary and several languages have this as the dominant term , though their practices are more akin to a modern pharmacy , in english the term apothecary would today be seen as outdated or only approproriate if herbal remedies were on offer to a large extent .
a deterministic turing machine is the most basic turing machine , which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions .
there are also estimated to be between 500 and 2,000 bolivians in newcastle , forming up to 1 % of the population—the largest such percentage of any uk city .
most of the wind rose direction occurrences derive from the northwest , as winds are driven downward along the axis of the california central valley ; in december , january and february there is an increased presence of southeastern wind directions in the wind rose statistics .
traditionally , labor is strongest in melbourne 's working class western and northern suburbs , and the regional cities of ballarat , bendigo and geelong .
it has a six-person board appointed by the european council , on the council 's recommendation .
one of the great treasures in the library is the codex forster , some of leonardo da vinci 's note books .
where school class sizes are typically 40 to 50 students , maintaining order in the classroom can divert the teacher from instruction , leaving little opportunity for concentration and focus on what is being taught .
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism .
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times .
research by harvard economist robert barro , found that there is " little overall relation between income inequality and rates of growth and investment " .
effects of inequality researchers have found include higher rates of health and social problems , and lower rates of social goods , a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted on high-end consumption , and even a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption .
air did not play a role in phlogiston theory , nor were any initial quantitative experiments conducted to test the idea ; instead , it was based on observations of what happens when something burns , that most common objects appear to become lighter and seem to lose something in the process .
sierra sky park was the first aviation community to be built [ citation needed ] and there are now numerous such communities across the united states and around the world .
around 1685 , huguenot refugees found a safe haven in the lutheran and reformed states in germany and scandinavia .
prince frederick iii , elector of saxony , obtained a safe conduct for luther to and from the meeting .
the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages ( including karlodinium and karenia ) lost their original red algal derived chloroplast , and replaced it with a new chloroplast derived from a haptophyte endosymbiont .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
the president of the council and a commissioner can sit in on ecb meetings , but do not have voting rights .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
he had long condemned vows of celibacy on biblical grounds , but his decision to marry surprised many , not least melanchthon , who called it reckless .
the official record high temperature for fresno is 115 °f ( 46.1 °c ) , set on july 8 , 1905 , while the official record low is 17 °f ( −8 °c ) , set on january 6 , 1913. the average windows for 100 °f ( 37.8 °c ) + , 90 °f ( 32.2 °c ) + , and freezing temperatures are june 1 thru september 13 , april 26 thru october 9 , and december 10 thru january 28 , respectively , and no freeze occurred between in the 1983/1984 season .
the delay in the csm caused by the fire enabled nasa to catch up on man-rating the lm and saturn v. apollo 4 ( as-501 ) was the first unmanned flight of the saturn v , carrying a block i csm on november 9 , 1967. the capability of the command module 's heat shield to survive a trans-lunar reentry was demonstrated by using the service module engine to ram it into the atmosphere at higher than the usual earth-orbital reentry speed .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
therefore , the charter of fundamental rights of the european union has become an integral part of european union law , codifying the fundamental rights which were previously considered general principles of european union law .
in september 1971 , opec issued a joint communiqué stating that , from then on , they would price oil in terms of a fixed amount of gold .
the largest tesco store in the united kingdom is located in kingston park on the edge of newcastle .
some theories developed in the 1970s established possible avenues through which inequality may have a positive effect on economic development .
in september 1760 , and before any hostilities erupted , governor vaudreuil negotiated from montreal a capitulation with general amherst .
some normans joined turkish forces to aid in the destruction of the armenians vassal-states of sassoun and taron in far eastern anatolia .
many important complexity classes can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm .
the buildings of the main quadrangles were designed by cobb , shepley , rutan and coolidge , holabird & roche , and other architectural firms in a mixture of the victorian gothic and collegiate gothic styles , patterned on the colleges of the university of oxford .
the normans ( norman : nourmands ; french : normands ; latin : normanni ) were the people who in the 10th and 11th centuries gave their name to normandy , a region in france .
his body was later found by maid alice monaghan after she had entered tesla 's room , ignoring the " do not disturb " sign that tesla had placed on his door two days earlier .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
most british colonies mustered local militia companies , generally ill trained and available only for short periods , to deal with native threats , but did not have any standing forces .
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars .
in democratic , multiparty elections in 1992 and 1997 , daniel arap moi won re-election .
hollywood , a district within los angeles , is also a name associated with the motion picture industry .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
when a part of a plant becomes infected , the plant produces a localized hypersensitive response , whereby cells at the site of infection undergo rapid apoptosis to prevent the spread of the disease to other parts of the plant .
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen .
and resurrection , all of which were renewed ; however , that season saw the cancellations of holdovers the neighbors ( which languished in its new friday time slot despite being bookended by last man standing and shark tank ) and suburgatory .
in 1993 , galor and zeira showed that inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has a long lasting detrimental effect on human capital formation and economic development .
in the summers , temperature ranges are 90-60 's while as winters are 70-50 's , usually all of southern california have mediterranean climate .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
much of the city 's tax base dissipated , leading to problems with funding education , sanitation , and traffic control within the city limits .
chagatai was considered unstable due to his temper and rash behavior , because of statements he made that he would not follow jochi if he were to become his father 's successor .
the sky q silver set top box is capable of receiving and displaying uhd broadcasts , which sky will introduce later in 2016 .
the phylum has a wide range of body forms , including the flattened , deep-sea platyctenids , in which the adults of most species lack combs , and the coastal beroids , which lack tentacles and prey on other ctenophores by using huge mouths armed with groups of large , stiffened cilia that act as teeth .
the various parts were built up using musique concrète techniques , by creating tape loops of an individually struck piano string and individual test oscillators and filters .
some remote sensing scientists have proposed using the measurement of the radiance coming from vegetation canopies in those bands to characterize plant health status from a satellite platform .
usually , the alphabet is taken to be the binary alphabet ( i.e. , the set { 0,1 } ) , and thus the strings are bitstrings .
however , when kinetic friction is taken into consideration it is clear that there is no net force causing constant velocity motion .
by the 15th-century , portuguese voyager duarte barbosa claimed that " mombasa is a place of great traffic and has a good harbour in which there are always moored small craft of many kinds and also great ships , both of which are bound from sofala and others which come from cambay and melinde and others which sail to the island of zanzibar . "
bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlviii halftime show , and mark ronson also performed .
he had long condemned vows of celibacy on biblical grounds , but his decision to marry surprised many , not least melanchthon , who called it reckless .
for i acknowledge none of them to be really a book of mine , except perhaps the bondage of the will and the catechism . "
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays .
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity .
politically , the system of government created by kublai khan was the product of a compromise between mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional chinese autocratic-bureaucratic system .
its purpose is thought to be to increase the chloroplast 's surface area for cross-membrane transport between its stroma and the cell cytoplasm .
in the motor rallying arena , kenya is home to the world famous safari rally , commonly acknowledged as one of the toughest rallies in the world .
his most concrete effort to patronize chinese learning was founding the academy of the pavilion of the star of literature ( chinese : 奎章閣學士院 ) , first established in the spring of 1329 and designed to undertake " a number of tasks relating to the transmission of confucian high culture to the mongolian imperial establishment " .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003. other lesser known groups include the islamic liberation party , salvation from hell and takfir wal-hijra , and these groups have variously been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures , arson of video shops and attempted takeovers of government buildings .
the black death is thought to have originated in the arid plains of central asia , where it then travelled along the silk road , reaching crimea by 1343. from there , it was most likely carried by oriental rat fleas living on the black rats that were regular passengers on merchant ships .
the principles of european union law are rules of law which have been developed by the european court of justice that constitute unwritten rules which are not expressly provided for in the treaties but which affect how european union law is interpreted and applies .
of grainger town 's 450 buildings , 244 are listed , of which 29 are grade i and 49 are grade ii* .
the results of the haensch study have since been confirmed and amended .
a major boost to the collections was the salting bequest made in 1909 , which enriched the museum 's stock of chinese and japanese ceramics .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
huguenot regiments fought for william of orange in the williamite war in ireland , for which they were rewarded with land grants and titles , many settling in dublin .
mass residential blocks were erected , with basic design typical of eastern bloc countries .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
capital cities/abc reported revenues of $ 465 million .
however , this was replaced by sky three on 31 october 2005 , which was itself later re-branded as 'pick tv ' in 2011 .
the name fresno means " ash tree " in spanish , and an ash leaf is featured on the city 's flag .
modern scholars refer to the alleged policy of encouraging trade and communication as the pax mongolica ( mongol peace ) .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
even older rocks , such as the acasta gneiss of the slave craton in northwestern canada , the oldest known rock in the world have been metamorphosed to the point where their origin is undiscernable without laboratory analysis .
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river .
following the conquest of dali in 1253 , the former ruling duan dynasty were appointed as governors-general , recognized as imperial officials by the yuan , ming , and qing-era governments , principally in the province of yunnan .
similarly , in amministrazione delle finanze v simmenthal spa , a company , simmenthal spa , claimed that a public health inspection fee under an italian law of 1970 for importing beef from france to italy was contrary to two regulations from 1964 and 1968. in " accordance with the principle of the precedence of community law , " said the court of justice , the " directly applicable measures of the institutions " ( such as the regulations in the case ) " render automatically inapplicable any conflicting provision of current national law " .
4 kg ( 8.8 lb ) of steam per kwh .
it is tempting to think that the notion of function problems is much richer than the notion of decision problems .
the command module ( cm ) was the conical crew cabin , designed to carry three astronauts from launch to lunar orbit and back to an earth ocean landing .
a term used originally in derision , huguenot has unclear origins .
the most general outbreaks in tudor and stuart england seem to have begun in 1498 , 1535 , 1543 , 1563 , 1589 , 1603 , 1625 , and 1636 , and ended with the great plague of london in 1665 .
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america .
in typical geological investigations , geologists use primary information related to petrology ( the study of rocks ) , stratigraphy ( the study of sedimentary layers ) , and structural geology ( the study of positions of rock units and their deformation ) .
water ( h2o ) and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) are used in photosynthesis , and sugar and oxygen ( o2 ) is made , using light energy .
this was crushed by british troops , but the discontents prompted colonial authorities to reform the administration ( particularly reducing the hated mining licence fees ) and extend the franchise .
most of luxembourg and a very small part of belgium also drain to the rhine via the moselle .
a rudimentary steam turbine device was described by taqi al-din in 1551 and by giovanni branca in 1629. jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont received patents in 1606 for fifty steam powered inventions , including a water pump for draining inundated mines .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
the provisional elder/deacon is a seminary graduate who serves a two-three-year term in a full-time appointment after being commissioned .
he also built a wireless controlled boat , one of the first ever exhibited .
it is usually recognized that lawbreaking , if it is not done publicly , at least must be publicly announced in order to constitute civil disobedience .
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham .
on 6 november 1915 , a reuters news agency report from london had the 1915 nobel prize in physics awarded to thomas edison and nikola tesla ; however , on 15 november , a reuters story from stockholm stated the prize that year was being awarded to sir william henry bragg and william lawrence bragg " for their services in the analysis of crystal structure by means of x-rays .
the statocyst is protected by a transparent dome made of long , immobile cilia .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
some civil disobedience defendants choose to make a defiant speech , or a speech explaining their actions , in allocution .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
this was the beginning of years of patent battles over radio with tesla 's patents being upheld in 1903 , followed by a reverse decision in favor of marconi in 1904. in 1943 , a supreme court of the united states decision restored the prior patents of tesla , oliver lodge , and john stone .
since 2011 warsaw gallery weekend is held on last weekend of september .
a third in 2009 featured a crossover appearance from the main show by david tennant as the tenth doctor .
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal ( united states ) calendar of saints .
after al-nimeiry was overthrown in 1985 the party did poorly in national elections , but in 1989 it was able to overthrow the elected post-al-nimeiry government with the help of the military .
tuition at private secondary schools varies from school to school and depends on many factors , including the location of the school , the willingness of parents to pay , peer tuitions and the school 's financial endowment .
around 1294 , a french version of the scriptures was prepared by the roman catholic priest , guyard de moulin .
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications .
also on loan to the museum , from her majesty the queen elizabeth ii , are the raphael cartoons : the seven surviving ( there were ten ) full scale designs for tapestries in the sistine chapel , of the lives of peter and paul from the gospels and the acts of the apostles .
to further highlight the difference between a problem and an instance , consider the following instance of the decision version of the traveling salesman problem : is there a route of at most 2000 kilometres passing through all of germany 's 15 largest cities ?
as a response , shirley left garrisons at oswego , fort bull , and fort williams ( the latter two located on the oneida carry between the mohawk river and wood creek at present-day rome , new york ) .
in southern california there are also twelve cities with more than 200,000 residents and 34 cities over 100,000 in population .
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe .
while these non-marxist writers were at their most prolific before world war i , they remained active in the interwar years .
executive power is exercised by the government .
some scientists argue that the rainforest was reduced to small , isolated refugia separated by open forest and grassland ; other scientists argue that the rainforest remained largely intact but extended less far to the north , south , and east than is seen today .
nathan alterman , the israeli poet , was born in warsaw , as was moshe vilenski , the israeli composer , lyricist , and pianist , who studied music at the warsaw conservatory .
associating forces with vectors avoids such problems .
the umc stands in " opposition to the creation of embryos for the sake of research " as " a human embryo , even at its earliest stages , commands our reverence . "
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
luther was a prolific hymn-writer , authoring hymns such as " ein feste burg ist unser gott " ( " a mighty fortress is our god " ) , based on psalm 46 , and " vom himmel hoch , da komm ich her " ( " from heaven above to earth i come " ) , based on luke 2:11–12 .
tamara de lempicka was a famous artist born in warsaw .
in 1861 , tesla attended the " lower " or " primary " school in smiljan where he studied german , arithmetic , and religion .
in case of a shared physical medium ( such as radio or 10base5 ) , the packets may be delivered according to a multiple access scheme .
type ii hypersensitivity occurs when antibodies bind to antigens on the patient 's own cells , marking them for destruction .
in february 1864 union forces left jacksonville and confronted a confederate army at the battle of olustee resulting in a confederate victory .
most of the g3p molecules are recycled back into rubp using energy from more atp , but one out of every six produced leaves the cycle—the end product of the dark reactions .
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area .
andrew lortie ( born andré lortie ) , a leading huguenot theologian and writer who led the exiled community in london , became known for articulating their criticism of the pope and the doctrine of transubstantiation during mass .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain .
most of its population is concentrated in the area surrounding port phillip bay , which includes the metropolitan area of its capital and largest city , melbourne , which is australia 's second-largest city .
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue .
the first geological map of the u.s. was produced in 1809 by william maclure .
the relationship between children and their teachers tends to be closer in the primary school where they act as form tutor , specialist teacher and surrogate parent during the course of the day .
due to its electronegativity , oxygen forms chemical bonds with almost all other elements to give corresponding oxides .
on the other hand , in the late 1980s the western atlantic ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the black sea and sea of azov via the ballast tanks of ships , and has been blamed for causing sharp drops in fish catches by eating both fish larvae and small crustaceans that would otherwise feed the adult fish .
the united methodist church is one tradition within the christian church .
among the most well-known experiments in structural geology are those involving orogenic wedges , which are zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries .
the broncos ' defense ranked first in the nfl yards allowed ( 4,530 ) for the first time in franchise history , and fourth in points allowed ( 296 ) .
on july 18 , 2006 , delegates to the world methodist council voted unanimously to adopt the " joint declaration on the doctrine of justification " , which was approved in 1999 by the vatican and the lutheran world federation .
duisburg is the home of europe 's largest inland port and functions as a hub to the sea ports of rotterdam , antwerp and amsterdam .
these jurisdictions also usually specify that only pharmacists may supply scheduled pharmaceuticals to the public , and that pharmacists can not form business partnerships with physicians or give them " kickback " payments .
areas covered by conservator 's work include " preventive " conservation this includes : performing surveys , assessments and providing advice on the handling of items , correct packaging , mounting and handling procedures during movement and display to reduce risk of damaging objects .
on the very northern edge of the site is situated the secretariat wing , also built in 1862 this houses the offices and board room etc .
the work of modernists in the collection include le corbusier , marcel breuer , charles and ray eames , and giò ponti .
for instance , the time hierarchy theorem tells us that p is strictly contained in exptime , and the space hierarchy theorem tells us that l is strictly contained in pspace .
planetary geologists have measured different abundances of oxygen isotopes in samples from the earth , the moon , mars , and meteorites , but were long unable to obtain reference values for the isotope ratios in the sun , believed to be the same as those of the primordial solar nebula .
when asked where all the money had gone , tesla responded by saying that he was affected by the panic of 1901 , which he ( morgan ) had caused .
together in april 1887 they formed the tesla electric company with an agreement that profits from generated patents would go ⅓ to tesla , ⅓ to peck and brown , and ⅓ to fund development .
most of the water flows via the constance hopper into the rheinrinne ( " rhine gutter " ) and seerhein .
his words , through divine mercy , are bringing back every day misguided people into the way of the truth . "
following the move to holyrood in 2004 this building was demolished .
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig .
there are a minimum of 278 patents issued to tesla in 26 countries that have been accounted for .
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
the rhine flows into it from the south following the swiss-austrian border .
the primary law of the eu consists mainly of the founding treaties , the " core " treaties being the treaty on european union ( teu ) and the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( tfeu ) .
the centrifugal governor was adopted by james watt for use on a steam engine in 1788 after watt ’ s partner boulton saw one at a flour mill boulton & watt were building .
the " huguenot street historic district " in new paltz has been designated a national historic landmark site and contains the oldest street in the united states of america .
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign. ” if a man chose to be an agent of injustice , then thoreau insisted on confronting him with the fact that he was making a choice .
the parasite trypanosoma brucei uses a similar strategy , constantly switching one type of surface protein for another , allowing it to stay one step ahead of the antibody response .
airing during the 1955–56 season , it showcased television adaptations of the 1942 films kings row and casablanca ; cheyenne ( adapted from the 1947 film wyoming kid ) ; sugarfoot ( a remake of the 1954 film the boy from oklahoma ) ; and maverick .
in one of the richest agricultural regions in the u.s. , cattle and citrus were major industries until farmlands were turned into suburbs .
in order to compete with cnn , abc proposed a 24-hour news channel called abc cable news , with plans to launch the network in 1995 ; however , the plan would ultimately be shelved by company management .
the second division under jebe marched secretly to the southeast part of khwarzemia to form , with the first division , a pincer attack on samarkand .
in order to rectify this situation , socialists argue that the means of production should be socially owned so that income differentials would be reflective of individual contributions to the social product .
in the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ( lds church ) , the teacher is an office in the aaronic priesthood , generally conferred on young boys or recent converts , and has little in common with the " spiritual teacher " archetype .
one of the best examples of this architecture are krasiński palace ( 1677–1683 ) , wilanów palace ( 1677–1696 ) and st. kazimierz church ( 1688–1692 ) .
maududi also believed that muslim society could not be islamic without sharia , and islam required the establishment of an islamic state .
the winning episodes were " the empty child " / " the doctor dances " ( 2006 ) , " the girl in the fireplace " ( 2007 ) , " blink " ( 2008 ) , " the waters of mars " ( 2010 ) , " the pandorica opens " / " the big bang " ( 2011 ) , and " the doctor 's wife " ( 2012 ) .
an old , ill man can not earn as much as a healthy young man ; gender roles and customs may prevent a woman from receiving an education or working outside the home .
the party with the highest quotient is awarded the seat , which is then added to its constituency seats in allocating the second seat .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands .
temüjin grew up observing the tough political climate of mongolia , which included tribal warfare , thievery , raids , corruption , and continual acts of revenge carried out between the various confederations , all compounded by interference from foreign forces such as the chinese dynasties to the south .
when the order came to annihilate the ghetto as part of hitler 's " final solution " on 19 april 1943 , jewish fighters launched the warsaw ghetto uprising .
the current 8–4–4 system was launched in january 1985. it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector .
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma .
on his 50th birthday in 1906 , tesla demonstrated his 200 horsepower ( 150 kilowatts ) 16,000 rpm bladeless turbine .
establishing " natural borders " on the rhine was a long-term goal of french foreign policy , since the middle ages , though the language border was – and is – far more to the west .
the fso car factory was established in 1951. a number of vehicles have been assembled there over the decades , including the warszawa , syrena , fiat 125p ( under license from fiat , later renamed fso 125p when the license expired ) and the polonez .
fulton street in downtown fresno was fresno 's main financial and commercial district before being converted into one of the nation 's first pedestrian malls in 1964. renamed the fulton mall , the area contains the densest collection of historic buildings in fresno .
construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser , while construction typically takes place on location for a known client .
he was made to wake at four every morning for what has been described as " a day of rote learning and often wearying spiritual exercises . "
it is culturally diverse and also includes significant mexican-american and asian-american ( principally hmong or laotian ) populations .
on 18 november 2015 , sky announced sky q , a range of products and services to be available in 2016. the sky q range consists of three set top boxes ( sky q , sky q silver and sky q mini ) , a broadband router ( sky q hub ) and mobile applications .
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
over the next five years , tesla wrote over 50 letters to morgan , pleading for and demanding additional funding to complete the construction of wardenclyffe .
in 1983 , for the 40th anniversary of the network 's founding , id sequences had the logo appear in a gold cgi design on a blue background , accompanied by the slogan " that special feeling " in a script font .
kenya ranks low on transparency international 's corruption perception index ( cpi ) , a metric which attempts to gauge the prevalence of public sector corruption in various countries .
a similar method is the electrocatalytic o 2 evolution from oxides and oxoacids .
dr. harrison schmitt , a geologist , was the first nasa scientist astronaut to fly in space , and landed on the moon on the last mission , apollo 17. schmitt participated in the lunar geology training of all of the apollo landing crews .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
a small , two-lane rural road for most of its length , kearney boulevard is lined with tall palm trees .
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971. as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973. the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over and continued to play the character until doctor who 's hiatus in 1989. the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts .
much of the discharge was routed to the rhine and its downstream extension .
whether or not this hypothesis is accurate , it is clear that several existing conditions such as war , famine , and weather contributed to the severity of the black death .
mcletchie was elected on the lothian regional list and the conservatives suffered a net loss of five seats , with leader annabel goldie claiming that their support had held firm .
attendance at the 2003 meeting included 350 government officials and climate change experts .
the country 's literacy level stands at 85 % of the whole population .
the ijssel branch carries one ninth of the water flow of the rhine north into the ijsselmeer ( a former bay ) , while the nederrijn carries approximately two ninths of the flow west along a route parallel to the waal .
jaime weston , the league 's vice president of brand and creative , explained that a primary reason for the change was the difficulty of designing an aesthetically pleasing logo with the letter " l " using the standardized logo template introduced at super bowl xlv .
the war was fought primarily along the frontiers between new france and the british colonies , from virginia in the south to nova scotia in the north .
he needed the revenue from the indulgences to pay off a papal dispensation for his tenure of more than one bishopric .
a contract is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties , but it is not so simple a matter as trying to get the other side to agree to as much as possible in exchange for as little as possible .
the opening was celebrated with a grand dinner attended by 2000 guests , and the laing art gallery has a painting of this event .
from 1531 to 1546 , his health deteriorated further .
a molecular phylogeny analysis in 2001 , using 26 species , including 4 recently discovered ones , confirmed that the cydippids are not monophyletic and concluded that the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was cydippid-like .
thus , in an aristotelian universe , the falling cannonball would land behind the foot of the mast of a moving ship .
some priests and former religious had already married , including andreas karlstadt and justus jonas , but luther 's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign. ” if a man chose to be an agent of injustice , then thoreau insisted on confronting him with the fact that he was making a choice .
today , the warsaw stock exchange ( wse ) is , according to many indicators , the largest market in the region , with 374 companies listed and total capitalization of 162 584 mln eur as of 31 august 2009. from 1991 until 2000 , the stock exchange was , ironically , located in the building previously used as the headquarters of the polish united workers ' party ( pzpr ) .
in may 2000 , the parliament was temporarily relocated to the former strathclyde regional council debating chamber in glasgow , and to the university of aberdeen in may 2002 .
the upper rhine had been part of the areal of the late hallstatt culture since the 6th century bc , and by the 1st century bc , the areal of the la tène culture covered almost its entire length , forming a contact zone with the jastorf culture , i.e .
heading home , subutai 's forces attacked the allied forces of the cuman–kipchaks and the poorly coordinated 80,000 kievan rus ' troops led by mstislav the bold of halych and mstislav iii of kiev who went out to stop the mongols ' actions in the area .
in 1564 a group of norman huguenots under the leadership of jean ribault established the small colony of fort caroline on the banks of the st. johns river in what is today jacksonville , florida .
an increase in imported cars into north america forced general motors , ford and chrysler to introduce smaller and fuel-efficient models for domestic sales .
sports programming is also provided on some weekend afternoons at any time from 12:00 to 6:00 p.m. eastern time ( 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. pacific ) and , during college football season , during prime time on saturday nights as part of the saturday night football package .
the fee-paying schools are usually run by a religious order , i.e. , the society of jesus or congregation of christian brothers , etc .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt .
instead , the passing of the compromise of 1850 enabled california to be admitted to the union as a free state , preventing southern california from becoming its own separate slave state .
from their original homelands in scandinavia and northern europe , germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western europe in the middle period of classical antiquity ; southern europe in late antiquity , conquering celtic and other peoples ; and by 800 ce , forming the holy roman empire , the first german empire .
smaller settlements , which included killeshandra in county cavan , contributed to the expansion of flax cultivation and the growth of the irish linen industry .
in against the murderous , thieving hordes of peasants , written on his return to wittenberg , he gave his interpretation of the gospel teaching on wealth , condemned the violence as the devil 's work , and called for the nobles to put down the rebels like mad dogs :
when the fcc imposed its fin-syn rules in 1970 , abc proactively created two companies : worldvision enterprises as a syndication distributor , and abc circle films as a production company .
in the united kingdom and several other commonwealth countries including australia and canada , the use of the term is generally restricted to primary and secondary educational levels ; it is almost never used of universities and other tertiary institutions .
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . )
their ideology was also described as being influenced by wahhabism , and the extremist jihadism of their guest osama bin laden .
stairs from the riverside to higher parts of the city centre and the extant castle keep , originally recorded in the 14th century , remain intact in places .
upon arrival , tesla realized that the company , then under construction , was not functional , so he worked as a draftsman in the central telegraph office instead .
it was named new rochelle after la rochelle , their former strong-hold in france .
however that year , abc had only 14 primary affiliates compared to the 74 that carried the majority of cbs programs and the 71 that were primarily affiliated with nbc .
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack .
pro bowl defensive tackle kawann short led the team in sacks with 11 , while also forcing three fumbles and recovering two .
only the series from 2009 onwards are available on blu-ray , except for the 1970 story spearhead from space , released in july 2013. many early releases have been re-released as special editions , with more bonus features .
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 .
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " .
vaginal secretions serve as a chemical barrier following menarche , when they become slightly acidic , while semen contains defensins and zinc to kill pathogens .
in the church of england 's calendar of saints he is commemorated on 31 october .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school .
in the southern north sea , due to ongoing tectonic subsidence , the sea level is still rising , at the rate of about 1–3 cm ( 0.39–1.18 in ) per century ( 1 metre or 39 inches in last 3000 years ) .
the apollo astronauts were chosen from the project mercury and gemini veterans , plus from two later astronaut groups .
ergänzungsschulen are secondary or post-secondary ( non-tertiary ) schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or rarely , religious groups and offer a type of education which is not available at public schools .
the city has a proud history of theatre .
not that i am insensible to my flesh or sex ( for i am neither wood nor stone ) ; but my mind is averse to wedlock because i daily expect the death of a heretic . "
the court of justice held that mr steymann was entitled to stay , so long as there was at least an " indirect quid pro quo " for the work he did .
in connectionless mode each packet includes complete addressing information .
for example , the connectional table , a governing committee , has voted in favor of a proposal that calls for a localized option , which would permit ministers to officiate same-sex weddings , and it would allow conferences to ordain gay clergy .
as a consequence , engines equipped only with this governor were not suitable for operations requiring constant speed , such as cotton spinning .
the victorian constitution can be amended by the parliament of victoria , except for certain " entrenched " provisions that require either an absolute majority in both houses , a three-fifths majority in both houses , or the approval of the victorian people in a referendum , depending on the provision .
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal " sea gooseberry , " pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round .
the old four-note theme tune is still used by abc on demand to the beginning of the abc show .
the uprising occurred a decade following the death of henry iv , a huguenot before converting to catholicism , who had protected protestants through the edict of nantes .
in 1785 he presented a paper entitled theory of the earth to the royal society of edinburgh .
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount .
a number of huguenots served as mayors in dublin , cork , youghal and waterford in the 17th and 18th centuries .
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) .
for the next three hundred years , scotland was directly governed by the parliament of great britain and the subsequent parliament of the united kingdom , both seated at westminster , and the lack of a parliament of scotland remained an important element in scottish national identity .
in typical geological investigations , geologists use primary information related to petrology ( the study of rocks ) , stratigraphy ( the study of sedimentary layers ) , and structural geology ( the study of positions of rock units and their deformation ) .
itv tyne tees was based at city road for over 40 years after its launch in january 1959. in 2005 it moved to a new facility on the watermark business park next to the metrocentre in gateshead .
second , the violent actions of rebelling , robbing , and plundering placed the peasants " outside the law of god and empire " , so they deserved " death in body and soul , if only as highwaymen and murderers . "
along with giving the offender his " just deserts " , achieving crime control via incapacitation and deterrence is a major goal of criminal punishment .
construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries .
on august 15 , 1971 , the united states unilaterally pulled out of the bretton woods accord .
for a situation with no movement , the static friction force exactly balances the applied force resulting in no acceleration .
bantu and nilotic populations together constitute around 97 % of the nation 's residents .
in addition to these effects , the milieu of hormones produced at this time ( leptin , pituitary growth hormone , and prolactin ) support the interactions between apcs and t-cells , a shift of the th1/th2 cytokine balance towards one that supports th1 , an increase in overall th cell proliferation , and naïve t cell migration to lymph nodes .
he fled from gallifrey in a stolen mark i type 40 tardis – " time and relative dimension in space " – time machine which allows him to travel across time and space .
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class .
in addition to arguing that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic , sceptics of the bubonic plague theory point out that the symptoms of the black death are not unique ( and arguably in some accounts may differ from bubonic plague ) ; that transference via fleas in goods was likely to be of marginal significance ; and that the dna results may be flawed and might not have been repeated elsewhere , despite extensive samples from other mass graves .
during his second year of study at graz , tesla developed a passion for ( and became very proficient at ) billiards , chess and card-playing , sometimes spending more than 48 hours in a stretch at a gaming table .
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup .
most of these schools are vocational schools .
in 1935 , chicago maroons football player jay berwanger became the first winner of the heisman trophy .
when coal is used , a chain or screw stoking mechanism and its drive engine or motor may be included to move the fuel from a supply bin ( bunker ) to the firebox .
the best examples of newcomen designs had a duty of about 7 million , but most were closer to 5 million .
the pound-force has a metric counterpart , less commonly used than the newton : the kilogram-force ( kgf ) ( sometimes kilopond ) , is the force exerted by standard gravity on one kilogram of mass .
alternatively , if an external force acts on the system , then the center of mass will experience an acceleration proportional to the magnitude of the external force divided by the mass of the system .
[ vague ] all eu member states are regarded as subject to the general obligation of the principle of cooperation , as stated in the teu , whereby member states are obliged not to take measure which could jeopardise the attainment of the teu objectives . the court of justice of the european union can interpret the treaties , but it can not rule on their validity , which is subject to international law .
they spread a unique romanesque idiom to england and italy , and the encastellation of these regions with keeps in their north french style fundamentally altered the military landscape .
this observation means that the force of gravity on an object at the earth 's surface is directly proportional to the object 's mass .
the tech coast is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region 's diversified technology and industrial base as well as its multitude of prestigious and world-renowned research universities and other public and private institutions .
in february 2010 , in response to controversies regarding claims in the fourth assessment report , five climate scientists – all contributing or lead ipcc report authors – wrote in the journal nature calling for changes to the ipcc .
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest .
the uk subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the agreement on social policy , the 1994 works council directive , which required workforce consultation in businesses , and the 1996 parental leave directive .
the apollo program succeeded in achieving its goal of manned lunar landing , despite the major setback of a 1967 apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test .
if a problem x is in c and hard for c , then x is said to be complete for c. this means that x is the hardest problem in c. ( since many problems could be equally hard , one might say that x is one of the hardest problems in c. ) thus the class of np-complete problems contains the most difficult problems in np , in the sense that they are the ones most likely not to be in p. because the problem p = np is not solved , being able to reduce a known np-complete problem , π2 , to another problem , π1 , would indicate that there is no known polynomial-time solution for π1 .
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
los angeles itself has many business districts including the downtown los angeles central business district as well as those lining the wilshire boulevard miracle mile including century city , westwood and warner center in the san fernando valley .
percent of students in private high schools reached 11.1 % .
after the revocation of the edict of nantes in 1685 , several huguenot families of norman and carolingian nobility and descent , including edmund bohun of suffolk england from the humphrey de bohun line of french royalty descended from charlemagne , jean postell of dieppe france , alexander pepin , antoine poitevin of orsement france , and jacques de bordeaux of grenoble , immigrated to the charleston orange district .
the success of roots , happy days and the love boat allowed the network to take first place in the ratings for the first time in the 1976–77 season .
an example would be wbai 's broadcasting the track " filthy words " from a george carlin comedy album , which eventually led to the 1978 supreme court case of fcc v. pacifica foundation .
diseases of poverty directly correlate with a country 's economic performance and wealth distribution : half of kenyans live below the poverty level .
the origin of the name kenya is not clear , but perhaps linked to the kikuyu , embu and kamba words kirinyaga , kirenyaa and kiinyaa which mean " god 's resting place " in all three languages .
according to johnson , smeeding , and tory , consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986. the debate is summarized in " the hidden prosperity of the poor " by journalist thomas b. edsall .
elders are called by god , affirmed by the church , and ordained by a bishop to a ministry of word , sacrament , order and service within the church .
the greek physician pedanius dioscorides is famous for writing a five volume book in his native greek περί ύλης ιατρικής in the 1st century ad .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary .
half of paris 's population of 100,000 people died .
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications .
on july 31 , 1995 , the walt disney company announced an agreement to merge with capital cities/abc for $ 19 billion .
[ j ] oxygen toxicity usually begins to occur at partial pressures more than 50 kilopascals ( kpa ) , equal to about 50 % oxygen composition at standard pressure or 2.5 times the normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure of about 21 kpa .
there are over 10,000 objects made from silver or gold in the collection , the display ( about 15 % of the collection ) is divided into secular and sacred covering both christian ( roman catholic , anglican and greek orthodox ) and jewish liturgical vessels and items .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech , and he died shortly afterwards at 2:45 a.m. on 18 february 1546 , aged 62 , in eisleben , the city of his birth .
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased .
this was the beginning of years of patent battles over radio with tesla 's patents being upheld in 1903 , followed by a reverse decision in favor of marconi in 1904. in 1943 , a supreme court of the united states decision restored the prior patents of tesla , oliver lodge , and john stone .
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game .
plastoglobuli were once thought to be free-floating in the stroma , but it is now thought that they are permanently attached either to a thylakoid or to another plastoglobulus attached to a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network .
drawing from greek and indian scientific literature that were not destroyed by the muslim conquests , the persian scholar ibn sina ( avicenna , 981–1037 ) proposed detailed explanations for the formation of mountains , the origin of earthquakes , and other topics central to modern geology , which provided an essential foundation for the later development of the science .
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015. the previous chairs were rajendra k. pachauri , elected in may 2002 ; robert watson in 1997 ; and bert bolin in 1988. the chair is assisted by an elected bureau including vice-chairs , working group co-chairs , and a secretariat .
while in limassol , richard the lion-heart married berengaria of navarre , first-born daughter of king sancho vi of navarre .
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic .
despite popular prejudices to the contrary , the u.s. economy consistently affords a lower level of economic mobility than all the continental european countries for which data is available . "
a construction project is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations , each of which all parties must carefully consider .
the state is most commonly divided and promoted by its regional tourism groups as consisting of northern , central , and southern california regions .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms to determine what the climate was like millions of years ago ( see oxygen isotope ratio cycle ) .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
another cause is the rate at which income is taxed coupled with the progressivity of the tax system .
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk .
informal learning may be assisted by a teacher occupying a transient or ongoing role , such as a family member , or by anyone with knowledge or skills in the wider community setting .
as a result , by 1206 temüjin had managed to unite or subdue the merkits , naimans , mongols , keraites , tatars , uyghurs , and other disparate smaller tribes under his rule .
in accordance with his father 's wishes , luther enrolled in law school at the same university that year but dropped out almost immediately , believing that law represented uncertainty .
the views of ali shariati , ideologue of the iranian revolution , had resemblance with mohammad iqbal , ideological father of the state of pakistan , but khomeini 's beliefs is perceived to be placed somewhere between beliefs of sunni islamic thinkers like mawdudi and qutb .
the merger between abc and capital cities received federal approval on september 5 , 1985. after the abc/capital cities merger was finalized on january 3 , 1986 , the combined company – which became known as capital cities/abc , inc. – added four television stations ( wpvi-tv/philadelphia , ktrk-tv/houston , kfsn-tv/fresno and wtvd/raleigh ) and several radio stations to abc 's broadcasting portfolio , and also included fairchild publications and four newspapers ( including the kansas city star and fort worth star-telegram ) .
this work , which included linking producers to wholesalers , helped to increase local producer prices by 20–25 % in nairobi and mombasa .
it estimated that if the average united states worker had completed just one more year of school , it would add an additional $ 105 billion in growth to the country 's economy over five years .
luther 's thought is revolutionary to the extent that it is a theology of the cross , the negation of every affirmation : as long as the cross is at the center , the system building tendency of reason is held in check , and system building does not degenerate into system .
one of the more notable applications of printing technology was the chao , the paper money of the yuan .
recent scholars consider the evidence for these words to be unreliable , since they were inserted before " may god help me " only in later versions of the speech and not recorded in witness accounts of the proceedings .
ctenophores used to be regarded as " dead ends " in marine food chains because it was thought their low ratio of organic matter to salt and water made them a poor diet for other animals .
the importance of soft power is not lost on authoritarian regimes , fighting such influence with bans on foreign popular culture , control of the internet and unauthorised satellite dishes etc .
civil disobedients ' refraining from violence is also said to help preserve society 's tolerance of civil disobedience .
civil disobedience is one of the many ways people have rebelled against what they deem to be unfair laws .
the rows ( =progressions ) starting with a = 3 , 6 , or 9 contain at most one prime number .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
a recent molecular phylogenetics analysis concluded that the common ancestor of all modern ctenophores was cydippid-like , and that all the modern groups appeared relatively recently , probably after the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event 66 million years ago .
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york .
oxygen is the most abundant chemical element by mass in the earth 's biosphere , air , sea and land .
fertilization is generally external , although platyctenids ' eggs are fertilized inside their parents ' bodies and kept there until they hatch .
malcolm submitted , paid homage to william and surrendered his son duncan as a hostage , beginning a series of arguments as to whether the scottish crown owed allegiance to the king of england .
as of january 2016 [ update ] , the largest known prime number has 22,338,618 decimal digits .
st joseph 's college , gregory terrace , saint ignatius ' college , riverview , st gregory 's college , campbelltown , st aloysius ' college ( sydney ) and st joseph 's college , hunters hill , as well as loreto kirribilli , monte sant angelo mercy college , st ursula 's college and loreto normanhurst for girls .
exceptional examples of the bourgeois architecture of the later periods were not restored by the communist authorities after the war ( like mentioned kronenberg palace and insurance company rosja building ) or they were rebuilt in socialist realism style ( like warsaw philharmony edifice originally inspired by palais garnier in paris ) .
the racial makeup of the city was 50.2 % white , 8.4 % black or african american , 1.6 % native american , 11.2 % asian ( about a third of which is hmong ) , 0.1 % pacific islander , 23.4 % from other races , and 5.2 % from two or more races .
the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam can be derived from various sources , most commonly from burning combustible materials with an appropriate supply of air in a closed space ( called variously combustion chamber , firebox ) .
in 1884 the leading exponent of colonialism , jules ferry declared france had a civilising mission : " the higher races have a right over the lower races , they have a duty to civilize the inferior " .
" nun komm , der heiden heiland " ( now come , savior of the gentiles ) , based on veni redemptor gentium , became the main hymn ( hauptlied ) for advent .
following the election of the uk labour party to government in 1997 , the uk formally subscribed to the agreement on social policy , which allowed it to be included with minor amendments as the social chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam .
from 1525 to 1529 , he established a supervisory church body , laid down a new form of worship service , and wrote a clear summary of the new faith in the form of two catechisms .
the affiliate-syndicated saturday morning e/i block litton 's weekend aventure is also broadcast in hd , and was the first children 's program block on any u.s. broadcast network to feature programs available in the format upon its september 2011 debut .
in particular , this norm gets smaller when a number is multiplied by p , in sharp contrast to the usual absolute value ( also referred to as the infinite prime ) .
its airing of the talons of weng-chiang was cancelled as a result of accusations that the story was racist ; the story was later broadcast in the 1990s on cable station ytv .
amongst these include 5 university of california campuses ( irvine , los angeles , riverside , santa barbara , and san diego ) ; 12 california state university campuses ( bakersfield , channel islands , dominguez hills , fullerton , los angeles , long beach , northridge , pomona , san bernardino , san diego , san marcos , and san luis obispo ) ; and private institutions such as the california institute of technology , chapman university , the claremont colleges ( claremont mckenna college , harvey mudd college , pitzer college , pomona college , and scripps college ) , loma linda university , loyola marymount university , occidental college , pepperdine university , university of redlands , university of san diego , and the university of southern california .
southern california 's economy is diverse and one of the largest in the united states .
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3. however , computing a or μ requires the knowledge of infinitely many primes to begin with .
the theory was later modified to reflect new discoveries regarding histocompatibility or the complex " two-signal " activation of t cells .
these branch through the mesoglea to the most active parts of the animal : the mouth and pharynx ; the roots of the tentacles , if present ; all along the underside of each comb row ; and four branches round the sensory complex at the far end from the mouth – two of these four branches terminate in anal pores .
scientists at the brazilian national institute of amazonian research argue in the article that this drought response , coupled with the effects of deforestation on regional climate , are pushing the rainforest towards a " tipping point " where it would irreversibly start to die .
from each balancer in the statocyst a ciliary groove runs out under the dome and then splits to connect with two adjacent comb rows , and in some species runs all the way along the comb rows .
prominent examination boards that are present in multiple states are the cbse and the cisce , nenbse
english chemist john mayow ( 1641–1679 ) refined this work by showing that fire requires only a part of air that he called spiritus nitroaereus or just nitroaereus .
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain .
these procedures apply to teaching and also to non-teaching posts and those who refuse vetting " can not be appointed or engaged by the school in any capacity including in a voluntary role " .
a portion of grainger town was demolished in the 1960s to make way for the eldon square shopping centre , including all but one side of the original eldon square itself .
luther 's other major works on the jews were his 60,000-word treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) , and vom schem hamphoras und vom geschlecht christi ( on the holy name and the lineage of christ ) , both published in 1543 , three years before his death .
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated .
before the conflict , however , several generals abandoned jamukha , including subutai , jelme 's well-known younger brother .
the concept of inertia can be further generalized to explain the tendency of objects to continue in many different forms of constant motion , even those that are not strictly constant velocity .
the modern bubonic plague has a mortality rate of 30–75 % and symptoms including fever of 38–41 °c ( 100–106 °f ) , headaches , painful aching joints , nausea and vomiting , and a general feeling of malaise .
in recent decades , reciprocating diesel engines , and gas turbines , have almost entirely supplanted steam propulsion for marine applications .
sanders was his top receiver with six receptions for 83 yards .
the university library garden , designed by irena bajerska , was opened on 12 june 2002. it is one of the largest and most beautiful roof gardens in europe with an area of more than 10,000 m2 ( 107,639.10 sq ft ) , and plants covering 5,111 m2 ( 55,014.35 sq ft ) .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
some of the world 's legendary surf spots are in southern california as well , including trestles , rincon , the wedge , huntington beach , and malibu , and it is second only to the island of oahu in terms of famous surf breaks .
only 100–150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
analyses based on comparing yearly equality figures to yearly growth rates were misleading because it takes several years for effects to manifest as changes to economic growth .
under the law of supply and demand , the price of skill is determined by a race between the demand for the skilled worker and the supply of the skilled worker .
this mechanism is still the leading theory today ; however , a second theory suggests that most cpdna is actually linear and replicates through homologous recombination .
over the next five years , tesla wrote over 50 letters to morgan , pleading for and demanding additional funding to complete the construction of wardenclyffe .
li tan , the son-in-law of a powerful official , instigated a revolt against mongol rule in 1262. after successfully suppressing the revolt , kublai curbed the influence of the han chinese advisers in his court .
euplokamis ' tentilla have three types of movement that are used in capturing prey : they may flick out very quickly ( in 40 to 60 milliseconds ) ; they can wriggle , which may lure prey by behaving like small planktonic worms ; and they coil round prey .
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003. other lesser known groups include the islamic liberation party , salvation from hell and takfir wal-hijra , and these groups have variously been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures , arson of video shops and attempted takeovers of government buildings .
teachers may provide instruction in literacy and numeracy , craftsmanship or vocational training , the arts , religion , civics , community roles , or life skills .
in the case of spacesuits , the o 2 partial pressure in the breathing gas is , in general , about 30 kpa ( 1.4 times normal ) , and the resulting o 2 partial pressure in the astronaut 's arterial blood is only marginally more than normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure ( for more information on this , see space suit and arterial blood gas ) .
the plague recurred occasionally in europe until the 19th century .
the contemporary flooded terrace still has visible valleys and ground depressions with water systems coming from the vistula old – riverbed .
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species .
faith , for luther , was a gift from god ; the experience of being justified by faith was " as though i had been born again . "
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
a final , three-story fifth series was transmitted in autumn 2011 – uncompleted due to the death of elisabeth sladen in early 2011 .
in november 1969 , gemini veteran charles " pete " conrad and rookie alan l. bean made a precision landing on apollo 12 within walking distance of the surveyor 3 unmanned lunar probe , which had landed in april 1967 on the ocean of storms .
at the start of the war , no french regular army troops were stationed in north america , and few british troops .
the nif regime also harbored osama bin laden for a time ( before 9/11 ) , and worked to unify islamist opposition to the american attack on iraq in the 1991 gulf war .
their combined work informed the study of imperialism and it 's impact on europe , as well as contributed to reflections on the rise of the military-political complex in the united states from the 1950s .
chamber debates and committee meetings are open to the public .
a tundra , with ice age flora and fauna , stretched across middle europe , from asia to the atlantic ocean .
on the television side , in september 1969 , abc launched the movie of the week , a weekly showcase aimed at capitalizing on the growing success of made-for-tv movies since the early 1960s .
formed in 1946 , sierra sky park airport is a residential airport community born of a unique agreement in transportation law to allow personal aircraft and automobiles to share certain roads .
in this arrangement , the architect or engineer acts as the project coordinator .
in 1959 , walt disney productions , having improved its financial situation , had purchased abc 's shares in the disneyland theme park for $ 7.5 million and initiated discussions to renew abc 's television contract for walt disney presents , which was due to expire in 1961. walt disney was approached by nbc to produce color broadcasts of his anthology series ( which would be renamed walt disney 's wonderful world of color ) .
by 1883 , engines that could provide 10,000 hp had become feasible .
as part of the agreements , both bskyb and virgin media agreed to terminate all high court proceedings against each other relating to the carriage of their respective basic channels .
professional skateboarder tony hawk , professional surfers rob machado , tim curran , bobby martinez , pat o'connell , dane reynolds , and chris ward , and professional snowboarder shaun white live in southern california .
the logo also deviates from the template by featuring large numerals , colored in gold , behind the vince lombardi trophy , instead of underneath and in silver as in the standard logo .
hospital pharmacies usually stock a larger range of medications , including more specialized medications , than would be feasible in the community setting .
the normans ( norman : nourmands ; french : normands ; latin : normanni ) were the people who in the 10th and 11th centuries gave their name to normandy , a region in france .
on april 29 , 1961 , abc debuted wide world of sports , an anthology series created by edgar scherick through his company sports programs , inc. and produced by a young roone arledge which featured a different sporting event each broadcast .
the phrase retains this association with doctor who , to the point that in 1991 the museum of the moving image in london named their exhibition celebrating the programme " behind the sofa " .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
on 15 june 1899 , tesla performed his first experiments at his colorado springs lab ; he recorded his initial spark length at five inches long , but very thick and noisy .
this suggests that the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was relatively recent , and perhaps was lucky enough to survive the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event 65.5 million years ago while other lineages perished .
the cyclades packet switching network was a french research network designed and directed by louis pouzin .
tesla 's legacy has endured in books , films , radio , tv , music , live theater , comics and video games .
the undergraduate college became coeducational after its 1977 merger with radcliffe college .
unemployment can harm growth not only because it is a waste of resources , but also because it generates redistributive pressures and subsequent distortions , drives people to poverty , constrains liquidity limiting labor mobility , and erodes self-esteem promoting social dislocation , unrest and conflict .
the current premier of victoria is daniel andrews .
the main passenger rail station is the recently renovated historic santa fe railroad depot in downtown fresno .
among other things , the new constitution delegates more power to local governments and gives kenyans a bill of rights .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
these tribes were formally under iroquois rule , and were limited by them in authority to make agreements .
a revised version of the abc logo was introduced for promotions for the 2013–14 season during the network 's upfront presentation on may 14 , 2013 , and officially introduced on-air on june 17 ( although some affiliates implemented the new design prior to then ) , as part of an overhaul of abc 's identity by design agency loyalkaspar .
the royal university of warsaw was established in 1816 .
while constitutional law concerns the european union 's governance structure , administrative law binds eu institutions and member states to follow the law .
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity .
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver .
oxygen , as a supposed mild euphoric , has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars and in sports .
each sitting day , normally at 5 pm , msps decide on all the motions and amendments that have been moved that day .
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966. ten years later , the first original doctor who audio was released on lp record ; doctor who and the pescatons featuring the fourth doctor .
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves .
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness .
its most familiar effect is beta decay ( of neutrons in atomic nuclei ) and the associated radioactivity .
between 1991 and 2000 , the total area of forest lost in the amazon rose from 415,000 to 587,000 square kilometres ( 160,000 to 227,000 sq mi ) , with most of the lost forest becoming pasture for cattle .
many centuries later leonardo da vinci built on philo 's work by observing that a portion of air is consumed during combustion and respiration .
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
nearly 3,000 protestants were slaughtered in toulouse alone .
the number of chloroplasts per cell varies from 1 in algae up to 100 in plants like arabidopsis and wheat .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
the internal cavity forms : a mouth that can usually be closed by muscles ; a pharynx ( " throat " ) ; a wider area in the center that acts as a stomach ; and a system of internal canals .
professional athletes , especially in american football , also sometimes go off field between plays to wear oxygen masks in order to get a " boost " in performance .
according to the prevailing view among historians , his anti-jewish rhetoric contributed significantly to the development of antisemitism in germany , and in the 1930s and 1940s provided an " ideal underpinning " for the nazis ' attacks on jews .
by making rest physically indistinguishable from non-zero constant velocity , newton 's first law directly connects inertia with the concept of relative velocities .
many of tesla 's patents were in the united states , britain , and canada , but many other patents were approved in countries around the globe .
geopolitics now focuses on states becoming major economic players in the market ; some states today are viewed as empires due to their political and economic authority over other nations .
this means that it takes energy to pack them together .
when the committee for non-violent action sponsored a protest in august 1957 , at the camp mercury nuclear test site near las vegas , nevada , 13 of the protesters attempted to enter the test site knowing that they faced arrest .
the ceremonial walk to the church and the wedding banquet were left out , and were made up two weeks later on 27 june .
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits .
then after an incompletion , thomas davis tackled anderson for a 1-yard gain on third down , forcing denver to settle for a 3–0 lead on a brandon mcmanus 34-yard field goal .
this revolution resulted in the urbanization of the city .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
the city of fresno is planned to serve the future california high speed rail .
van gend en loos , a postal company , claimed that what is now tfeu article 30 prevented the dutch customs authorities charging tariffs , when it imported urea-formaldehyde plastics from germany to the netherlands .
however , the university did eventually reduce its south african holdings by $ 230 million ( out of $ 400 million ) in response to the pressure .
a teacher who teaches on an individual basis may be described as a tutor .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
a horizontal force pointing northeast can therefore be split into two forces , one pointing north , and one pointing east .
here , personal success is a student 's internal goal of improving himself , whereas academic success includes the goals he receives from his superior .
in may 2012 , the united methodist church entered into full communion with the african methodist episcopal church , african methodist episcopal zion church , african union methodist protestant church , christian methodist episcopal church , and union american methodist episcopal church , in which these churches agreed to " recognize each other 's churches , share sacraments , and affirm their clergy and ministries . "
occasionally , regular-series episodes will exceed the 45-minute run time ; notably , the episodes " journey 's end " from 2008 and " the eleventh hour " from 2010 exceeded an hour in length .
high-purity liquid o 2 is usually obtained by the fractional distillation of liquefied air .
until the early 1980s , industry was a major source of water pollution .
after jazdów was raided by nearby clans and dukes , a new similar settlement was established on the site of a small fishing village called warszowa .
according to the 1901 census , out of 711,988 inhabitants 56.2 % were catholics , 35.7 % jews , 5 % greek orthodox christians and 2.8 % protestants .
many samples appear to be pitted with micrometeoroid impact craters , which is never seen on earth rocks , due to the thick atmosphere .
as a result , with the exception of the largest markets , abc was relegated to secondary status on one or both of the existing stations , usually via off-hours clearances ( a notable exception during this time was wkst-tv in youngstown , ohio , now wytv , despite the small size of the surrounding market and its close proximity to cleveland and pittsburgh even decades before the city 's economic collapse ) .
in southern europe , the stage was set in the triassic period of the mesozoic era , with the opening of the tethys ocean , between the eurasian and african tectonic plates , between about 240 mbp and 220 mbp ( million years before present ) .
for example , in sedimentary rocks , it is common for gravel from an older formation to be ripped up and included in a newer layer .
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy .
in the years of 1994–1999 the mayor of the district centrum automatically was designated as the president of warsaw : the mayor of centrum was elected by the district council of centrum and the council was elected only by the centrum residents .
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida .
sixty percent of the muslim population lives in kenya 's coastal region , comprising 50 % of the total population there .
the 2010 united states census reported that fresno had a population of 494,665. the population density was 4,404.5 people per square mile ( 1,700.6/km² ) .
he welcomed foreign visitors to his court , such as the venetian merchant marco polo , who wrote the most influential european account of yuan china .
the sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental united states and the grand canyon in the southwestern united states contain almost-undeformed stacks of sedimentary rocks that have remained in place since cambrian time .
robert underwood johnson described him as attaining a " distinguished sweetness , sincerity , modesty , refinement , generosity , and force . "
by staging the expansion in multiple cylinders , torque variability can be reduced .
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union .
a new development in the ouseburn valley has recreated them ; architects cany ash and robert sakula were attracted by the possibilities of high density without building high and getting rid of common areas .
in the early pleistocene , the rhine followed a course to the northwest , through the present north sea .
on 31 october 1517 , luther wrote to his bishop , albert of mainz , protesting the sale of indulgences .
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great .
charles i was imprisoned in newcastle by the scots in 1646–7 .
the united methodist church also believes that jesus explicitly repudiated the lex talionis in matthew 5:38-39 and abolished the death penalty in john 8:7. the general conference of the united methodist church calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment and for governments to enact an immediate moratorium on carrying out the death penalty sentence .
another major division within islamism is between what graham e. fuller has described as the fundamentalist " guardians of the tradition " ( salafis , such as those in the wahhabi movement ) and the " vanguard of change and islamic reform " centered around the muslim brotherhood .
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir .
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down .
when yesün temür died in shangdu in 1328 , tugh temür was recalled to khanbaliq by the qipchaq commander el temür .
the national science foundation network ( nsfnet ) was a program of coordinated , evolving projects sponsored by the national science foundation ( nsf ) beginning in 1985 to promote advanced research and education networking in the united states .
neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor , capital and land .
it is the uk 's largest pay-tv broadcaster with 11 million customers as of 2015. it was the uk 's most popular digital tv service until it was overtaken by freeview in april 2007. its corporate headquarters are based in isleworth .
since turing machines are easy to analyze mathematically , and are believed to be as powerful as any other model of computation , the turing machine is the most commonly used model in complexity theory .
in a 1937 interview , he stated :
alternatively , using a type iii secretion system , they may insert a hollow tube into the host cell , providing a direct route for proteins to move from the pathogen to the host .
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney .
the acquisition of a feasible ac motor gave westinghouse a key patent in building a completely integrated ac system , but the financial strain of buying up patents and hiring the engineers needed to build it meant development of tesla 's motor had to be put on hold for a while .
after the successful siege of antioch in 1097 , bohemond began carving out an independent principality around that city .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
european chemists made deadly explosives that could be used in combat , and with innovations in machinery they were able to manufacture improved firearms .
with a budget of $ 230,000 , the surviving original lunar broadcast data from apollo 11 was compiled by nafzger and assigned to lowry digital for restoration .
the bbc will carry its own british english broadcast , with greg brady , darren fletcher and rocky boiman on commentary .
luther justified his opposition to the rebels on three grounds .
organizational interventions , like changing teachers ' schedules , providing support networks and mentoring , changing the work environment , and offering promotions and bonuses , may be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers .
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch .
kenya won several medals during the beijing olympics , six gold , four silver and four bronze , making it africa 's most successful nation in the 2008 olympics .
there is a strong presence of border reiver surnames , such as armstrong , charlton , elliot , johnstone , kerr , hall , nixon , little and robson .
woodward park , which features the shinzen japanese gardens , numerous picnic areas and several miles of trails , is in north fresno and is adjacent to the san joaquin river parkway .
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area .
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river .
in effect , after the lisbon treaty , the charter and the convention now co-exist under european union law , though the former is enforced by the european court of justice in relation to european union measures , and the latter by the european court of human rights in relation to measures by member states .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
kenya has been a dominant force in women 's volleyball within africa , with both the clubs and the national team winning various continental championships in the past decade .
the stress tensor accounts for forces that cause all strains ( deformations ) including also tensile stresses and compressions .
the islamic republic has also maintained its hold on power in iran in spite of us economic sanctions , and has created or assisted like-minded shia terrorist groups in iraq , egypt , syria , jordan ( sciri ) and lebanon ( hezbollah ) ( two muslim countries that also have large shiite populations ) .
tesla advised adams that a two-phased system would be the most reliable and that there was a westinghouse system to light incandescent bulbs using two-phase alternating current .
tvontario picked up the show in 1976 beginning with the three doctors and aired each series ( several years late ) through to series 24 in 1991. from 1979 to 1981 , tvo airings were bookended by science-fiction writer judith merril who would introduce the episode and then , after the episode concluded , try to place it in an educational context in keeping with tvo 's status as an educational channel .
other than the curriculum led learning , there are also national and public library services led by the kenya national library service ( knls ) .
prince louis de condé , along with his sons daniel and osias , [ citation needed ] arranged with count ludwig von nassau-saarbrücken to establish a huguenot community in present-day saarland in 1604. the count supported mercantilism and welcomed technically skilled immigrants into his lands , regardless of their religion .
one of the most prominent huguenot refugees in the netherlands was pierre bayle .
however , unlike the western khanates , the yuan dynasty never converted to islam .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
tymnet was an international data communications network headquartered in san jose , ca that utilized virtual call packet switched technology and used x.25 , sna/sdlc , bsc and ascii interfaces to connect host computers ( servers ) at thousands of large companies , educational institutions , and government agencies .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
prior to european settlement , the area now constituting victoria was inhabited by a large number of aboriginal peoples , collectively known as the koori .
the ideal thermodynamic cycle used to analyze this process is called the rankine cycle .
the tenth series will introduce pearl mackie as bill , the doctor 's newest traveling companion .
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
the newcastle beer festival , organized by camra , takes place in april .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
johnson responded approximately one week later , concluding that " we are neither making maximum effort nor achieving results necessary if this country is to reach a position of leadership . "
teachers face several occupational hazards in their line of work , including occupational stress , which can negatively impact teachers ' mental and physical health , productivity , and students ' performance .
however , monitoring of atmospheric oxygen levels show a global downward trend , because of fossil-fuel burning .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
many questions regarding prime numbers remain open , such as goldbach 's conjecture ( that every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes ) , and the twin prime conjecture ( that there are infinitely many pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ) .
luther 's rediscovery of " christ and his salvation " was the first of two points that became the foundation for the reformation .
it is often found in the chloroplasts of c4 plants , though it has also been found in some c3 angiosperms , and even some gymnosperms .
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices .
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " .
the major problem is the difficulty of sealing the rotors to make them steam-tight in the face of wear and thermal expansion ; the resulting leakage made them very inefficient .
it is the uk 's largest pay-tv broadcaster with 11 million customers as of 2015. it was the uk 's most popular digital tv service until it was overtaken by freeview in april 2007. its corporate headquarters are based in isleworth .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
a consortium led by the international crops research institute for the semi-arid tropics ( icrisat ) has had some success in helping farmers grow new pigeon pea varieties , instead of maize , in particularly dry areas .
more recently , in january 2015 , oxfam reported that the wealthiest 1 percent will own more than half of the global wealth by 2016. an october 2014 study by credit suisse also claims that the top 1 % now own nearly half of the world 's wealth and that the accelerating disparity could trigger a recession .
a member of davies ' team ( roger scantlebury ) met lawrence roberts at the 1967 acm symposium on operating system principles and suggested it for use in the arpanet .
the efficiency of energiprojekt 's steam engine reaches some 27-30 % on high-pressure engines .
the final choice of lunar orbit rendezvous changed the csm 's role to the translunar ferry used to transport the crew , along with a new spacecraft , the lunar excursion module ( lem , later shortened to lunar module , lm ) which would take two men to the lunar surface and return them to the csm .
again in 2003 , colin baker and sylvester mccoy appeared together in the audio adventure project : lazarus .
oxygen gas is poisonous to the anaerobic bacteria that cause gas gangrene , so increasing its partial pressure helps kill them .
the racial makeup of fresno was 245,306 ( 49.6 % ) white , 40,960 ( 8.3 % ) african american , 8,525 ( 1.7 % ) native american , 62,528 ( 12.6 % ) asian ( 3.6 % hmong , 1.7 % indian , 1.2 % filipino , 1.2 % laotian , 1.0 % thai , 0.8 % cambodian , 0.7 % chinese , 0.5 % japanese , 0.4 % vietnamese , 0.2 % korean ) , 849 ( 0.2 % ) pacific islander , 111,984 ( 22.6 % ) from other races , and 24,513 ( 5.0 % ) from two or more races .
pneumonic plague has a mortality rate of 90 to 95 percent .
it is led by an executive committee , chaired by a president with the assistance of two vice presidents , one for administration and the other for student life , elected together as a slate by the student body each spring .
the integer factorization problem is the computational problem of determining the prime factorization of a given integer .
saudi arabia , trying to recover market share , increased production , pushing prices down , shrinking or eliminating profits for high-cost producers .
his father was shi bingzhi ( 史秉直 , shih ping-chih ) .
following the election of the uk labour party to government in 1997 , the uk formally subscribed to the agreement on social policy , which allowed it to be included with minor amendments as the social chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam .
teachers may use a lesson plan to facilitate student learning , providing a course of study which is called the curriculum .
in the past , teachers have been paid relatively low salaries .
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock .
unfortunately , he arrived too late to enroll at charles-ferdinand university ; he never studied greek , a required subject ; and he was illiterate in czech , another required subject .
in the early 18th century , a regional group known as the camisards who were huguenots rioted against the catholic church in the region , burning churches and killing clergy .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
british victories continued in all theaters in the annus mirabilis of 1759 , when they finally captured ticonderoga , james wolfe defeated montcalm at quebec ( in a battle that claimed the lives of both commanders ) , and victory at fort niagara successfully cut off the french frontier forts further to the west and south .
a key distinction between analysis of algorithms and computational complexity theory is that the former is devoted to analyzing the amount of resources needed by a particular algorithm to solve a problem , whereas the latter asks a more general question about all possible algorithms that could be used to solve the same problem .
one of the later ruptures between toghrul and temüjin was toghrul 's refusal to give his daughter in marriage to jochi , the eldest son of temüjin , a sign of disrespect in the mongolian culture .
free oxygen also occurs in solution in the world 's water bodies .
within a leaf , chloroplasts are mainly found in the mesophyll layers of a leaf , and the guard cells of stomata .
because of its unpaired electrons , triplet oxygen reacts only slowly with most organic molecules , which have paired electron spins ; this prevents spontaneous combustion .
roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players also opened nearby in 1978 , [ citation needed ] at olive and wishon avenues . fresno native audra mcdonald performed in the leading roles of evita and the wiz at the theater while she was a high school student .
in 1784 , after unsuccessful attempts to have the church of england send a bishop to start a new church in the colonies , wesley decisively appointed fellow priest thomas coke as superintendent ( bishop ) to organize a separate methodist society .
helper t cells have a weaker association with the mhc : antigen complex than observed for killer t cells , meaning many receptors ( around 200–300 ) on the helper t cell must be bound by an mhc : antigen in order to activate the helper cell , while killer t cells can be activated by engagement of a single mhc : antigen molecule .
the results of his unaided labours were submitted to the american philosophical society in a memoir entitled observations on the geology of the united states explanatory of a geological map , and published in the society 's transactions , together with the nation 's first geological map .
in many parts of the united states , after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case brown v. board of education of topeka that demanded united states schools desegregate " with all deliberate speed " , local families organized a wave of private " christian academies " .
the area corresponded to the northern part of present-day upper normandy down to the river seine , but the duchy would eventually extend west beyond the seine .
tesla exhibited a pre-atomic understanding of physics in his writings ; he disagreed with the theory of atoms being composed of smaller subatomic particles , stating there was no such thing as an electron creating an electric charge ( he believed that if electrons existed at all , they were some fourth state of matter or " sub-atom " that could only exist in an experimental vacuum and that they had nothing to do with electricity ) .
some civil disobedients feel it is incumbent upon them to accept punishment because of their belief in the validity of the social contract , which is held to bind all to obey the laws that a government meeting certain standards of legitimacy has established , or else suffer the penalties set out in the law .
connection-oriented transmission requires a setup phase in each involved node before any packet is transferred to establish the parameters of communication .
the british superintendent for indian affairs in the new york region and beyond , johnson was known to the iroquois as warraghiggey , meaning " he who does great things . "
as a result , tibetan buddhism was established as the de facto state religion .
in cases where the criminalized behavior is pure speech , civil disobedience can consist simply of engaging in the forbidden speech .
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties .
he received a bachelor 's degree in biblical studies on 9 march 1508 , and another bachelor 's degree in the sentences by peter lombard in 1509 .
from the perspective of the person in the car , the vehicle and everything inside of it is at rest : it is the outside world that is moving with a constant speed in the opposite direction .
article 17 ( 1 ) of the treaty on european union states the commission should " promote the general interest of the union " while article 17 ( 3 ) adds that commissioners should be " completely independent " and not " take instructions from any government " .
at the waal , for example , the most landward tidal influence can be detected between brakel and zaltbommel .
marin constructed a second fort at fort le boeuf ( present-day waterford , pennsylvania ) , designed to guard the headwaters of leboeuf creek .
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism .
much of southern california is famous for its large , spread-out , suburban communities and use of automobiles and highways .
a series of three small civil wars known as the huguenot rebellions broke out , mainly in southwestern france , between 1621 and 1629. revolted against royal authority .
the e. w. scripps company is the largest operator of abc stations in terms of overall market reach , owning 15 abc-affiliated stations ( including affiliates in larger markets such as cleveland , phoenix , detroit and denver ) , and through its ownership of phoenix affiliate knxv , las vegas affiliate ktnv-tv and tucson affiliate kgun-tv , the only provider of abc programming for the majority of arizona ( outside of the yuma-el centro market ) and southern nevada .
many faults are able to produce a magnitude 6.7+ earthquake , such as the san andreas fault , which can produce a magnitude 8.0 event .
lessing ( 1755 ) had earlier reached the same conclusion in his analysis of lutheran orthodoxy on this issue .
abc 's western series ( as well as series such as the actioner zorro ) went up against and defeated the variety shows aired by nbc and cbs in the fall of 1957 , and its detective shows did the same in the fall of 1959. to captivate the network 's audiences , short 66-minute series were scheduled a half-hour before their hour-long competition .
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution .
the most important apicoplast function is isopentenyl pyrophosphate synthesis—in fact , apicomplexans die when something interferes with this apicoplast function , and when apicomplexans are grown in an isopentenyl pyrophosphate-rich medium , they dump the organelle .
in 2005 , parts of the amazon basin experienced the worst drought in one hundred years , and there were indications that 2006 could have been a second successive year of drought .
the revocation forbade protestant services , required education of children as catholics , and prohibited emigration .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
from 1530 a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from tyneside to newcastle quayside , giving a monopoly in the coal trade to a cartel of newcastle burgesses known as the hostmen .
he found that inequality is associated with higher levels of redistributive taxation , which is associated with lower levels of growth from reductions in private savings and investment .
martin luther was born to hans luder ( or ludher , later luther ) and his wife margarethe ( née lindemann ) on 10 november 1483 in eisleben , saxony , then part of the holy roman empire .
three of his best-known works were published in 1520 : to the christian nobility of the german nation , on the babylonian captivity of the church , and on the freedom of a christian .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
luther 's pamphlets against the church and the hierarchy , often worded with " liberal " phraseology , now led many peasants to believe he would support an attack on the upper classes in general .
the two official languages , english and swahili , are used in varying degrees of fluency for communication with other populations .
the majority may be powerful but it is not necessarily right .
constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit the owner .
tesla never married ; he said his chastity was very helpful to his scientific abilities .
although the traditional chinese elite were not given their share of power , the mongols and the semuren ( various allied groups from central asia and the western end of the empire ) largely remained strangers to the mainstream chinese culture , and this dichotomy gave the yuan regime a somewhat strong " colonial " coloration .
in the 20th century , the development of quantum mechanics led to a modern understanding that the first three fundamental forces ( all except gravity ) are manifestations of matter ( fermions ) interacting by exchanging virtual particles called gauge bosons .
the network was engineered and operated by mci telecommunications under a cooperative agreement with the nsf .
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties .
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class .
over the six years studied , the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by ipcc 's 2001 projection , and the actual sea level rise was above the top of the range of the ipcc projection .
cobham 's thesis says that a problem can be solved with a feasible amount of resources if it admits a polynomial time algorithm .
cryptophytes , or cryptomonads are a group of algae that contain a red-algal derived chloroplast .
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
base titanium , a subsidiary of base resources of australia , shipped its first major consignment of minerals to china .
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly .
the conservation of momentum can be directly derived from the homogeneity or symmetry of space and so is usually considered more fundamental than the concept of a force .
for the conservatives , the main disappointment was the loss of edinburgh pentlands , the seat of former party leader david mcletchie , to the snp .
30 us states have banned corporal punishment , the others ( mostly in the south ) have not .
the russian leader lenin suggested that " imperialism was the highest form of capitalism , claiming that imperialism developed after colonialism , and was distinguished from colonialism by monopoly capitalism " .
the v & a covers 12.5 acres ( 51,000 m2 ) and 145 galleries .
large-scale regeneration has replaced former shipping premises with imposing new office developments ; an innovative tilting bridge , the gateshead millennium bridge was commissioned by gateshead council and has integrated the older newcastle quayside more closely with major cultural developments in gateshead , including the baltic centre for contemporary art , the venue for the turner prize 2011 and the norman foster-designed the sage gateshead music centre .
the second step of the factory project is to catalog everything .
the name " ctenophora " means " comb-bearing " , from the greek κτείς ( stem-form κτεν- ) meaning " comb " and the greek suffix -φορος meaning " carrying " .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
at a meeting in albany in december 1755 , he laid out his plans for 1756. in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec .
cost of construction on a per square meter ( or per square foot ) basis for houses can vary dramatically based on site conditions , local regulations , economies of scale ( custom designed homes are often more expensive to build ) and the availability of skilled tradespeople .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
bskyb utilises the videoguard pay-tv scrambling system owned by nds , a cisco systems company .
the french acquired a copy of the british war plans , including the activities of shirley and johnson .
teu articles 4 and 5 state that powers remain with the member states unless they have been conferred , although there is a debate about the kompetenz-kompetenz question : who ultimately has the " competence " to define the eu 's " competence " .
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits .
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524–25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name .
as a time lord , the doctor has the ability to regenerate when his body is mortally damaged , taking on a new appearance and personality .
members may also receive higher wages through collective bargaining , political influence , or corruption .
atp synthase is a large protein complex that harnesses the concentration gradient of the hydrogen ions in the thylakoid space to generate atp energy as the hydrogen ions flow back out into the stroma—much like a dam turbine .
students who had enthusiastic teachers tend to rate them higher than teachers who did n't show much enthusiasm for the course materials .
in addition , the hyde park day school , a school for students with learning disabilities , maintains a location on the university of chicago campus .
uk law only required £1 of capital to start a company , while denmark 's legislature took the view companies should only be started up if they had 200,000 danish krone ( around €27,000 ) to protect creditors if the company failed and went insolvent .
as a result of the american revolution , john wesley was compelled in 1784 to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters , thomas vasey and richard whatcoat .
bskyb initially charged additional subscription fees for using a sky+ pvr with their service ; waiving the charge for subscribers whose package included two or more premium channels .
roeding park , near downtown fresno , is home to the fresno chaffee zoo , and rotary storyland and playland .
still , the denomination is pro-choice and also " was a founding member of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ... [ and ] 2008 general conference [ went ] on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice " .
more powerful extensions of the fermat primality test , such as the baillie-psw , miller-rabin , and solovay-strassen tests , are guaranteed to fail at least some of the time when applied to a composite number .
apollo was grounded again , for the remainder of 1970 while the oxygen tank was redesigned and an extra one was added .
luther dedicated himself to the augustinian order , devoting himself to fasting , long hours in prayer , pilgrimage , and frequent confession .
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham .
the t. t. tsui gallery of chinese art opened in 1991 , displaying a representative collection of the v & as approximately 16,000 objects from china , dating from the 4th millennium bc to the present day .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
this has in some jurisdictions reportedly led to a shortage of male teachers .
their main weakness is their eyestalk ; attacks upon them using various weapons can blind a dalek , making it go mad .
a commission on pan methodist cooperation and union formed in 2000 to carry out work on such a merger .
however , after lenin 's death , joseph stalin established 'socialism in one country ' for the soviet union , creating the model for subsequent inward looking stalinist states and purging the early internationalist elements .
the institution asserts that such expansion will benefit not only the school , but surrounding community , pointing to such features as the enhanced transit infrastructure , possible shuttles open to the public , and park space which will also be publicly accessible .
provided is a universal ku band lnb ( 9.75/10.600 ghz ) which is fitted at the end of the dish and pointed at the correct satellite constellation ; most digital receivers will receive the free to air channels .
one of the most important cities in this region is duisburg with the largest river port in europe ( duisport ) .
by the 6th century , the rhine was within the borders of francia .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
at the end of primary education , pupils sit the kenya certificate of primary education ( kcpe ) , which determines those who proceed to secondary school or vocational training .
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas .
the five-story building includes two cardio rooms , an olympic-size swimming pool , a smaller pool for aquaerobics and other activities , a mezzanine , where all types of classes are held , an indoor cycling studio , three weight rooms , and a three-court gym floor to play basketball .
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner .
euclid also showed how to construct a perfect number from a mersenne prime .
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health .
the logo is displayed on-air , online and in print advertising in four variants shading the respective color used with the circle design 's native black coloring : a gold version is primarily used on entertainment-oriented outlets ( such as abc.com , watch abc , and by abc studios ) and the on-screen bug ; steel blue and dark grey versions are used primarily by abc news ; a red version is used for espn on abc , while all four variants are used selectively in advertising and by affiliates .
it was a key event in the history of ac power , as westinghouse demonstrated the safety , reliability , and efficiency of a fully integrated alternating current system to the american public .
glazing was placed over the historic arches and the victorian architecture was enhanced ; transforming the 19th century public portico .
he called it packet switching , a more accessible name than baran 's , and proposed to build a nationwide network in the uk .
from opposite sides of the body extends a pair of long , slender tentacles , each housed in a sheath into which it can be withdrawn .
if the state does not provide these services , then for those on lower incomes , the costs must be borrowed and often those on lower incomes are those who are worse equipped to manage their finances .
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house .
while chinese primary schools were allowed to retain chinese as the medium of instruction , chinese secondary schools are required to change into english-medium schools .
the largest single sensory feature is the aboral organ ( at the opposite end from the mouth ) .
the function of the teacher is to pressure the lazy , inspire the bored , deflate the cocky , encourage the timid , detect and correct individual flaws , and broaden the viewpoint of all .
huguenot refugees flocked to shoreditch , london .
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal ( united states ) calendar of saints .
teaching may be carried out informally , within the family , which is called homeschooling , or in the wider community .
students at the university of chicago run over 400 clubs and organizations known as recognized student organizations ( rsos ) .
the " freedom to provide services " under tfeu article 56 applies to people who give services " for remuneration " , especially commercial or professional activity .
networks affiliates approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002. in september , disney chairman/ceo michael eisner outlined a proposed realignment of the abc broadcast network day parts with the similar unit in its cable channels : abc saturday mornings with disney channels ( toon & playhouse ) , abc daytime with soapnet and abc prime time with abc family .
in the early years , many huguenots also settled in the area of present-day charleston , south carolina .
the first methodist clergy were ordained by john wesley , a priest of the church of england , because of the crisis caused by the american revolution which isolated the methodists in the states from the church of england and its sacraments .
kennedy was circumspect in his response to the news , refusing to make a commitment on america 's response to the soviets .
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
the famous cavalry expedition led by subutai and jebe , in which they encircled the entire caspian sea defeating all armies in their path , remains unparalleled to this day , and word of the mongol triumphs began to trickle to other nations , particularly europe .
in particular , the set of problems that are hard for np is the set of np-hard problems .
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality .
in this respect it is noteworthy that the bbc takes no position on the canonicity of any of such stories , and producers of the show have expressed distaste for the idea .
the experimental measurements made by watt on a model steam engine led to the development of the separate condenser .
it is a highly reactive substance and must be segregated from combustible materials .
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " .
following evaluation of bids , the owner typically awards a contract to the most cost efficient bidder .
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer .
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015. the previous chairs were rajendra k. pachauri , elected in may 2002 ; robert watson in 1997 ; and bert bolin in 1988. the chair is assisted by an elected bureau including vice-chairs , working group co-chairs , and a secretariat .
the three-stage saturn v was designed to send a fully fueled csm and lm to the moon .
a formal design team may be assembled to plan the physical proceedings , and to integrate those proceedings with the other parts .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
he often accompanied the sung hymns with a lute , later recreated as the waldzither that became a national instrument of germany in the 20th century .
confirming it had reached its target , the broadcaster said its reach into 36 % of households in the uk represented an audience of more than 25m people .
that year , roone arledge was named president of abc sports ; the company also founded abc pictures , a film production company which released its first picture that year , the ralph nelson-directed charly .
a 2000 study found that 42 % of uk teachers experienced occupational stress , twice the figure for the average profession .
the first result in that direction is the prime number theorem , proven at the end of the 19th century , which says that the probability that a given , randomly chosen number n is prime is inversely proportional to its number of digits , or to the logarithm of n .
even though some proofs of complexity-theoretic theorems regularly assume some concrete choice of input encoding , one tries to keep the discussion abstract enough to be independent of the choice of encoding .
the commission authorized the transaction on october 12 , 1943. soon afterward , the blue network was purchased by the new company noble founded , the american broadcasting system .
" informal imperialism " is less direct ; however , it is still a powerful form of dominance .
however , this oft-quoted saying of tetzel was by no means representative of contemporary catholic teaching on indulgences , but rather a reflection of his capacity to exaggerate .
the interpretation of islam promoted by this funding was the strict , conservative saudi-based wahhabism or salafism .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
the bbc was given the highlights of most of the matches , while bskyb paying £304m for the premier league rights , would give them a monopoly of all live matches , up to 60 per year from the 1992 season .
their current captain is rakep patel .
according to the second law of thermodynamics , nonconservative forces necessarily result in energy transformations within closed systems from ordered to more random conditions as entropy increases .
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor .
the uk subsequently was the only member state to veto the social charter being included as the " social chapter " of the 1992 maastricht treaty - instead , an agreement on social policy was added as a protocol .
it has hosted a season of performances from the royal shakespeare company for over 25 years , as well as touring productions of west end musicals .
during this time , the lower rhine flowed roughly west through the netherlands and extended to the southwest , through the english channel and finally , to the atlantic ocean .
it is a theoretical device that manipulates symbols contained on a strip of tape .
luther confided to michael stiefel on 11 august 1526 : " my katie is in all things so obliging and pleasing to me that i would not exchange my poverty for the riches of croesus . "
still , abc 's limited reach would continue to hobble it for the next two decades ; several smaller markets would not grow large enough to support a full-time abc affiliate until the 1960s , with some very small markets having to wait as late as the 1980s or even the advent of digital television in the 2000s , which allowed stations like wtrf-tv in wheeling , west virginia to begin airing abc programming on a digital subchannel after airing the network 's programs outside of recommended timeslots decades before .
the judicial branch of the eu has played an important role in the development of eu law , by assuming the task of interpreting the treaties , and accelerating economic and political integration .
under intense light , they will seek shelter by aligning in vertical columns along the plant cell 's cell wall or turning sideways so that light strikes them edge-on .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
while most internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs and require a valid prescription , some internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs without requiring a prescription .
for instance , the language { xx | x is any binary string } can be solved in linear time on a multi-tape turing machine , but necessarily requires quadratic time in the model of single-tape turing machines .
in 2007 , peter davison returned in the children in need short " time crash " alongside david tennant , and most recently in 2013 's 50th anniversary special episode , " the day of the doctor " , david tennant 's tenth doctor appeared alongside matt smith as the eleventh doctor and john hurt as the war doctor , as well as brief footage from all of the previous actors .
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made .
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent .
this means that forces follow a different set of mathematical rules than physical quantities that do not have direction ( denoted scalar quantities ) .
the most important for luther was the doctrine of justification – god 's act of declaring a sinner righteous – by faith alone through god 's grace .
two days later , the fbi ordered the alien property custodian to seize tesla 's belongings , even though tesla was an american citizen .
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region .
since the creation of the doctor who character by bbc television in the early 1960s , a myriad of stories have been published about doctor who , in different media : apart from the actual television episodes that continue to be produced by the bbc , there have also been novels , comics , short stories , audio books , radio plays , interactive video games , game books , webcasts , dvd extras , and even stage performances .
in 1927 a zoological garden ( ogród zoologiczny ) was established on the park grounds , and in 1952 a bear run , still open today .
by the races of highest 'social efficiency ' " .
preschool teachers may earn £20,980 annually .
it is still used to a significant ( though declining ) degree in some public schools in alabama , arkansas , georgia , louisiana , mississippi , oklahoma , tennessee and texas .
other religious groups represented in the k-12 private education sector include protestants , jews , muslims and the orthodox christians .
therefore , most ersatzschulen have very low tuition fees and/or offer scholarships , compared to most other western european countries .
the 2010 united states census reported that fresno had a population of 494,665. the population density was 4,404.5 people per square mile ( 1,700.6/km² ) .
in 1973 's the three doctors , william hartnell and patrick troughton returned alongside jon pertwee .
at that time , it formed the boundary between gaul and germania .
the announcement came a day after setanta sports confirmed that it would launch in march as a subscription service on the digital terrestrial platform , and on the same day that ntl 's services re-branded as virgin media .
it was opened in five phases between 1980 and 1984 , and was britain 's first urban light rail transit system ; two extensions were opened in 1991 and 2002. it was developed from a combination of existing and newly built tracks and stations , with deep-level tunnels constructed through newcastle city centre .
second , inflammation may occur during sleep times due to the presence of melatonin .
within two weeks , copies of the theses had spread throughout germany ; within two months , they had spread throughout europe .
at the end of world war i , the rhineland was subject to the treaty of versailles .
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit .
the electromagnetic force acts between electric charges , and the gravitational force acts between masses .
in 1215 genghis besieged , captured , and sacked the jin capital of zhongdu ( modern-day beijing ) .
outside the united states the church is divided into seven central conferences : africa , congo , west africa , central & southern europe , germany , northern europe and the philippines .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
as such , the church 's theological orientation is decidedly wesleyan .
this routine consists of dividing n by each integer m that is greater than 1 and less than or equal to the square root of n. if the result of any of these divisions is an integer , then n is not a prime , otherwise it is a prime .
however , there was a riot at buckland valley near bright in 1857. conditions on the gold fields were cramped and unsanitary ; an outbreak of typhoid at buckland valley in 1854 killed over 1,000 miners .
since renewal , the tower district has become an attractive area for restaurant and other local businesses .
he was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the black death for the second edition in 1908 , implicating rats and fleas in the process , and his interpretation was widely accepted for other ancient and medieval epidemics , such as the justinian plague that was prevalent in the eastern roman empire from 541 to 700 ce .
notable extracurricular groups include the university of chicago college bowl team , which has won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships , leading both categories internationally .
in this work , one of his most emphatic statements on faith , he argued that every good work designed to attract god 's favor is a sin .
the v & a is located in the brompton district of the royal borough of kensington and chelsea , in an area that has become known as " albertopolis " because of its association with prince albert , the albert memorial and the major cultural institutions with which he was associated .
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls .
roussel de bailleul even tried to carve out an independent state in asia minor with support from the local population , but he was stopped by the byzantine general alexius komnenos .
the edict simultaneously protected catholic interests by discouraging the founding of new protestant churches in catholic-controlled regions .
as a result , primary school enrolment increased by about 70 % .
the economy of victoria is highly diversified : service sectors including financial and property services , health , education , wholesale , retail , hospitality and manufacturing constitute the majority of employment .
if a lawyer wishes to help a client overcome legal obstacles to securing her or his natural rights , he might , for instance , find that assisting in fabricating evidence or committing perjury is more effective than open disobedience .
led by isaiah d. hart , residents wrote a charter for a town government , which was approved by the florida legislative council on february 9 , 1832 .
fraud is a problem in many fields , but is notoriously prevalent in the construction field .
luther 's small catechism proved especially effective in helping parents teach their children ; likewise the larger catechism was effective for pastors .
american foreign policy was denounced as a " racket " by smedley butler , an american general .
one of the roles of computational complexity theory is to determine the practical limits on what computers can and can not do .
in his travels to egypt , afghanistan , palestine and syria , he promoted ideas of greater islamic political co-operation and unity , calling for the shedding of nationalist differences .
the disease bypassed some areas , and the most isolated areas were less vulnerable to contagion .
davies is credited with coining the modern name packet switching and inspiring numerous packet switching networks in europe in the decade following , including the incorporation of the concept in the early arpanet in the united states .
likewise , a protestor who attempts to escape punishment by committing the crime covertly and avoiding attribution , or by denying having committed the crime , or by fleeing the jurisdiction , is generally viewed as not being a civil disobedient .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated .
during the summer , abc airs espn-produced highlight compilation programs for the open championship golf and the wimbledon tennis tournaments to provide some presence for both events on american broadcast television .
the french population numbered about 75,000 and was heavily concentrated along the st. lawrence river valley , with some also in acadia ( present-day new brunswick and parts of nova scotia , including île royale ( present-day cape breton island ) ) .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
this was the first fumble return touchdown in a super bowl since super bowl xxviii at the end of the 1993 season .
in 1562 , naval officer jean ribault led an expedition that explored florida and the present-day southeastern u.s. , and founded the outpost of charlesfort on parris island , south carolina .
in the early 1970s , trevor martin played the role in doctor who and the daleks in the seven keys to doomsday .
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989. american composer john debney created a new arrangement of ron grainer 's original theme for doctor who in 1996. for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series .
while chinese primary schools were allowed to retain chinese as the medium of instruction , chinese secondary schools are required to change into english-medium schools .
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc .
undergraduates typically take four half-courses per term and must maintain a four-course rate average to be considered full-time .
on december 7 , 2005 , abc sports and espn signed an eight-year broadcast rights agreement with nascar , allowing abc and espn to broadcast 17 nextel cup races each season ( comprising just over half of the 36 races held annually ) effective with the 2006 season .
when céloron 's expedition arrived at logstown , the native americans in the area informed céloron that they owned the ohio country and that they would trade with the british regardless of the french .
the measurement implies that an unknown process depleted oxygen-16 from the sun 's disk of protoplanetary material prior to the coalescence of dust grains that formed the earth .
tesla described the weapon as capable of being used against ground-based infantry or for anti-aircraft purposes .
it describes an open-ended vacuum tube with a gas jet seal that allows particles to exit , a method of charging particles to millions of volts , and a method of creating and directing non-dispersive particle streams ( through electrostatic repulsion ) .
the last plague outbreak ravaged oslo in 1654 .
it is connected to the city via the metro light rail system and a journey into newcastle city centre takes approximately 20 minutes .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
those mhc antigens are recognized by killer cell immunoglobulin receptors ( kir ) which essentially put the brakes on nk cells .
because it expressed essential reformation doctrine , this expanded version of " aus tiefer not " was designated as a regular component of several regional lutheran liturgies and was widely used at funerals , including luther 's own .
according to sheldon ungar 's comparison with global warming , the actors in the ozone depletion case had a better understanding of scientific ignorance and uncertainties .
the latin translation de materia medica ( concerning medical substances ) was used a basis for many medieval texts , and was built upon by many middle eastern scientists during the islamic golden age .
warsaw lies in east-central poland about 300 km ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains and about 260 km ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea , 523 km ( 325 mi ) east of berlin , germany .
indeed , this can be done by giving the same input to both inputs of the multiplication algorithm .
on one hand , γδ t cells are a component of adaptive immunity as they rearrange tcr genes to produce receptor diversity and can also develop a memory phenotype .
tesla investigated atmospheric electricity , observing lightning signals via his receivers .
adults of various species range from a few millimeters to 1.5 m ( 4 ft 11 in ) in size .
on 7 january 1900 , tesla left colorado springs .
plotting the relationship between level of income and inequality , kuznets saw middle-income developing economies level of inequality bulging out to form what is now known as the kuznets curve .
but for instance the districts in kraków do not have entitlements of powiat , so the registration numbers in kraków are of the same type for all districts .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
others are sequential hermaphrodites , in which the eggs and sperm mature at different times .
from this he surmised that nitroaereus is consumed in both respiration and combustion .
some of the principal features of the complex include leaf-shaped buildings , a grass-roofed branch merging into adjacent parkland and gabion walls formed from the stones of previous buildings .
another green space in newcastle is the town moor , lying immediately north of the city centre .
scientists at the brazilian national institute of amazonian research argue in the article that this drought response , coupled with the effects of deforestation on regional climate , are pushing the rainforest towards a " tipping point " where it would irreversibly start to die .
he was the second-oldest son of his father yesügei , a khamag mongol 's major chief of the kiyad and an ally of toghrul khan of the keraite tribe , and the oldest son of his mother hoelun .
it also means states can be responsible for private actors .
in 1418 , jean 's nephew maciot de bethencourt sold the rights to the islands to enrique pérez de guzmán , 2nd count de niebla .
at the time of their marriage , katharina was 26 years old and luther was 41 years old .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
he also rejected the existence of purgatory , which involved christian souls undergoing penitential suffering after death .
one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air was conducted by the 2nd century bce greek writer on mechanics , philo of byzantium .
never formally revoked , it stopped being implemented after 1932. after world war ii , the soviet union installed socialist regimes modeled on those it had installed in 1919–20 in the old tsarist empire in areas its forces occupied in eastern europe .
it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968. consolidation gave jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits ; with an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014 , it is the most populous city proper in florida and the southeast , and the 12th most populous in the united states .
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx .
the wine industry in south africa owes a significant debt to the huguenots , some of whom had vineyards in france , or were brandy distillers , and used their skills in their new home .
the writers guild of america strike that halted production of network programs for much of the 2007–08 season affected the network in 2007–08 and 2008–09 , as various abc shows that premiered in 2007 , such as dirty sexy money , pushing daisies , eli stone and samantha who ? , did not live to see a third season ; other series such as boston legal and the u.s. version of life on mars suffered from low viewership , despite the former , a spin off of the practice , being a once-highlighted breakout series when it debuted in 2005. one of the network 's strike-replacement programs during that time was the game show duel , which premiered in december 2007. the program would become a minor success for the network during its initial six-episode run , which led abc to renew duel as a regular series starting in april 2008. however , duel suffered from low viewership during its run as a regular series , and abc canceled the program after sixteen episodes .
stage 1 is the first , or introductory stage of the bill , where the minister or member in charge of the bill will formally introduce it to parliament together with its accompanying documents – explanatory notes , a policy memorandum setting out the policy underlying the bill , and a financial memorandum setting out the costs and savings associated with it .
for its part , the television network produced a few new hits during 1977 : january saw the premiere of roots , a miniseries based on an alex haley novel that was published the previous year ; in september , the love boat , a comedy-drama anthology series produced by aaron spelling which was based around the crew of a cruise ship and featured three stories centered partly on the ship 's various passengers ; although critically lambasted , the series turned out to be a ratings success and lasted nine seasons .
japanese imports , primarily the toyota corona , the toyota corolla , the datsun b210 , the datsun 510 , the honda civic , the mitsubishi galant ( a captive import from chrysler sold as the dodge colt ) , the subaru dl , and later the honda accord all had four cylinder engines that were more fuel efficient than the typical american v8 and six cylinder engines .
the construction of highways led residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs .
abercrombie was recalled and replaced by jeffery amherst , victor at louisbourg .
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools .
instead , kublai khan , the founder of the yuan dynasty , favored buddhism , especially the tibetan variants .
the tyneside flat was the dominant housing form constructed at the time when the industrial centres on tyneside were growing most rapidly .
if a problem x is in c and hard for c , then x is said to be complete for c. this means that x is the hardest problem in c. ( since many problems could be equally hard , one might say that x is one of the hardest problems in c. ) thus the class of np-complete problems contains the most difficult problems in np , in the sense that they are the ones most likely not to be in p. because the problem p = np is not solved , being able to reduce a known np-complete problem , π2 , to another problem , π1 , would indicate that there is no known polynomial-time solution for π1 .
industrial includes refineries , process chemical , power generation , mills and manufacturing plants .
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house .
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching .
german liqueurs were over 25 per cent alcohol , but cassis de dijon , which rewe-zentrale ag wished to import from france , only had 15 to 20 per cent alcohol .
in his research , tesla devised several experimental setups to produce x-rays .
increasingly the court of justice has taken the view that the specific goals of free trade are underpinned by the general aims of the treaty for improvement of people 's well being .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
after the sixth sermon , the wittenberg jurist jerome schurf wrote to the elector : " oh , what joy has dr. martin 's return spread among us !
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north .
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season .
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event .
euglenophyte chloroplasts have three membranes—it is thought that the membrane of the primary endosymbiont was lost , leaving the cyanobacterial membranes , and the secondary host 's phagosomal membrane .
most western countries , and some others , have now banned it , but it remains lawful in the united states following a us supreme court decision in 1977 which held that paddling did not violate the us constitution .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
land-based steam engines could exhaust much of their steam , as feed water was usually readily available .
the program passed into history by 1910 .
through stream capture , the rhine extended its watershed southward .
tesla later approached morgan to ask for more funds to build a more powerful transmitter .
the basic pay for a starting teacher is €27,814 p.a. , rising incrementally to €53,423 for a teacher with 25 years service .
the cities and communities along interstate 15 and interstate 215 are so inter-related that temecula and murrieta have as much connection with the san diego metropolitan area as they do with the inland empire .
mazda , mitsubishi and isuzu had joint partnerships with ford , chrysler , and gm , respectively .
victorian lines mainly use the 1,600 mm ( 5 ft 3 in ) broad gauge .
the earth 's mantle , of much larger mass than the crust , is largely composed of silicates of magnesium and iron .
harvard 's $ 37.6 billion financial endowment is the largest of any academic institution .
costume sketches , design notebooks , and other works on paper are typically held by the word and image department .
in the egyptian parliamentary election , 2011–2012 , the political parties identified as " islamist " ( the brotherhood 's freedom and justice party , salafi al-nour party and liberal islamist al-wasat party ) won 75 % of the total seats .
within the los angeles area are the major business districts of downtown burbank , downtown santa monica , downtown glendale and downtown long beach .
the next direct threat to temüjin was the naimans ( naiman mongols ) , with whom jamukha and his followers took refuge .
johnson 's advance stopped at fort william henry , and the french withdrew to ticonderoga point , where they began the construction of fort carillon ( later renamed fort ticonderoga after british capture in 1759 ) .
despite denver 's excellent field position , they could not get the ball into the end zone , so mcmanus kicked a 33-yard field goal that increased their lead to 13–7 .
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools .
the ipcc concentrates its activities on the tasks allotted to it by the relevant wmo executive council and unep governing council resolutions and decisions as well as on actions in support of the unfccc process .
luther journeyed to mansfeld twice in late 1545 to participate in the negotiations for a settlement , and a third visit was needed in early 1546 for their completion .
bskyb has no veto over the presence of channels on their epg , with open access being an enforced part of their operating licence from ofcom .
interestingly while contemporary reports account of mass burial pits being created in response to the large numbers of dead , recent scientific investigations of a burial pit in central london found well-preserved individuals to be buried in isolated , evenly spaced graves , suggesting at least some pre-planning and christian burials at this time .
pattern recognition receptors are proteins used by nearly all organisms to identify molecules associated with pathogens .
for exercise , tesla walked between 8 to 10 miles per day .
finally , the 1996 television film premièred on 12 may 1996 on citv in edmonton , canada , 15 days before the bbc one showing , and two days before it aired on fox in the united states .
without the pressure reaching supercritical levels for the working fluid , the temperature range the cycle can operate over is quite small ; in steam turbines , turbine entry temperatures are typically 565 °c ( the creep limit of stainless steel ) and condenser temperatures are around 30 °c .
" merciful god , what misery i have seen , " luther wrote , " the common people knowing nothing at all of christian doctrine ... and unfortunately many pastors are well-nigh unskilled and incapable of teaching . "
certain arithmetic questions related to q or more general global fields may be transferred back and forth to the completed ( or local ) fields .
on june 21 , the french war party attacked the trading centre at pickawillany , capturing three traders and killing 14 people of the miami nation , including old briton .
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai .
ögedei was seen by genghis khan as dependable in character and relatively stable and down to earth and would be a neutral candidate and might defuse the situation between his brothers .
in the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ( lds church ) , the teacher is an office in the aaronic priesthood , generally conferred on young boys or recent converts , and has little in common with the " spiritual teacher " archetype .
in education , teachers facilitate student learning , often in a school or academy or perhaps in another environment such as outdoors .
as indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation and ecocide , such as in the peruvian amazon indigenous peoples ' rainforest communities continue to disappear , while others , like the urarina continue to struggle to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories .
he was then ordered by william pitt , the secretary of state responsible for the colonies , to attack louisbourg first .
in 1562 , naval officer jean ribault led an expedition that explored florida and the present-day southeastern u.s. , and founded the outpost of charlesfort on parris island , south carolina .
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
the eu 's primary constitutional sources are the treaty on european union ( teu ) and the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( tfeu ) , which have been agreed or adhered to among the governments of all 28 member states .
there have been subsequent claims by tesla biographers that edison and tesla were the original recipients and that neither was given the award because of their animosity toward each other ; that each sought to minimize the other 's achievements and right to win the award ; that both refused ever to accept the award if the other received it first ; that both rejected any possibility of sharing it ; and even that a wealthy edison refused it to keep tesla from getting the $ 20,000 prize money .
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 .
only a little time will pass before i can give it to the world . "
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
after the miss , manning completed a pair of passes to emmanuel sanders for gains of 25 and 22 yards , setting up mcmanus ' 33-yard field goal that gave the broncos a 16–7 lead .
henry ware was elected to the chair in 1805 , and the liberal samuel webber was appointed to the presidency of harvard two years later , which signaled the changing of the tide from the dominance of traditional ideas at harvard to the dominance of liberal , arminian ideas ( defined by traditionalists as unitarian ideas ) .
the world watched annan and his un-backed panel and african union chairman jakaya kikwete as they brought together the former rivals to the signing ceremony , beamed live on national tv from the steps of nairobi 's harambee house .
however , as the reformation continued , luther began to lose hope in large-scale jewish conversion to christianity .
exceptional examples of the bourgeois architecture of the later periods were not restored by the communist authorities after the war ( like mentioned kronenberg palace and insurance company rosja building ) or they were rebuilt in socialist realism style ( like warsaw philharmony edifice originally inspired by palais garnier in paris ) .
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland .
tesla theorized that the application of electricity to the brain enhanced intelligence .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
the researcher used a combination of synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) and thematic mapper ( tm ) to accurately place the different portions of the amazon into one of the four classifications .
many people in the city have scottish or irish ancestors .
thermochemical techniques can be used to determine temperature profiles within the crust , the uplift of mountain ranges , and paleotopography .
in july 2015 obama visited kenya , as the first american president to visit the country while in office .
harvard 's academic programs operate on a semester calendar beginning in early september and ending in mid-may .
saudi arabia and iran became increasingly dependent on american security assurances to manage both external and internal threats , including increased military competition between them over increased oil revenues .
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact .
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section .
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . "
over 10 % of amsterdam 's population died in 1623–25 , and again in 1635–36 , 1655 , and 1664. plague occurred in venice 22 times between 1361 and 1528. the plague of 1576–77 killed 50,000 in venice , almost a third of the population .
( mitchell tower , for example , is modeled after oxford 's magdalen tower , and the university commons , hutchinson hall , replicates christ church hall . )
with the formation of the united methodist church in 1968 , theologian albert c. outler led the team which systematized denominational doctrine .
:2–10:79 high-energy particle physics observations made during the 1970s and 1980s confirmed that the weak and electromagnetic forces are expressions of a more fundamental electroweak interaction .
furthermore , the yuan is sometimes known as the " empire of the great khan " or " khanate of the great khan " , which particularly appeared on some yuan maps , since yuan emperors held the nominal title of great khan .
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii .
civil disobedients have chosen a variety of different illegal acts .
chloroplasts do not normally develop from proplastids in root tip meristems—instead , the formation of starch-storing amyloplasts is more common .
immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections .
a bridge was built across the tyne , between newcastle and gateshead , and opened by queen elizabeth ii in 1981. the network is operated by db regio on behalf of nexus and carries over 37 million passengers a year , extending as far as newcastle airport , tynemouth , south shields and south hylton in sunderland .
the average fee is around €5,000 annually for most schools , but some of these schools also provide boarding and the fees may then rise up to €25,000 per year .
tancred was instrumental in the conquest of jerusalem and he worked for the expansion of the crusader kingdom in transjordan and the region of galilee .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
in the early 1970s , abc completed its transition to color ; the decade as a whole would mark a turning point for abc , as it began to pass cbs and nbc in the ratings to become the first place network .
the impact of the technologies invented or envisioned by tesla is a recurring theme in several types of science fiction .
for a long time , number theory in general , and the study of prime numbers in particular , was seen as the canonical example of pure mathematics , with no applications outside of the self-interest of studying the topic with the exception of use of prime numbered gear teeth to distribute wear evenly .
with the 2011 cancellation of supernanny , extreme makeover : home edition became the only remaining program on the network 's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition .
other , less frequently used names for the war include the fourth intercolonial war and the great war for the empire .
over 61 per cent of private students attend catholic schools .
there are conflicting views of genghis khan in the people 's republic of china with some viewing him positively in the inner mongolia region where there are a monument and buildings about him and where there is a considerable number of mongols in the area with a population of around 5 million , almost twice the population of mongolia .
for its part , the television network produced a few new hits during 1977 : january saw the premiere of roots , a miniseries based on an alex haley novel that was published the previous year ; in september , the love boat , a comedy-drama anthology series produced by aaron spelling which was based around the crew of a cruise ship and featured three stories centered partly on the ship 's various passengers ; although critically lambasted , the series turned out to be a ratings success and lasted nine seasons .
water polluted with plant nutrients such as nitrates or phosphates may stimulate growth of algae by a process called eutrophication and the decay of these organisms and other biomaterials may reduce amounts of o 2 in eutrophic water bodies .
the electromagnetic force acts between electric charges , and the gravitational force acts between masses .
in 1781 james watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotary motion .
the command module pilot was gemini veteran richard f. gordon , jr. conrad and bean carried the first lunar surface color television camera , but it was damaged when accidentally pointed into the sun .
in marine service , ( pioneered on the turbinia ) , steam turbines with reduction gearing ( although the turbinia has direct turbines to propellers with no reduction gearbox ) dominated large ship propulsion throughout the late 20th century , being more efficient ( and requiring far less maintenance ) than reciprocating steam engines .
a second series of torchwood aired in 2008 ; for three episodes , the cast was joined by freema agyeman reprising her doctor who role of martha jones .
[ citation needed ] after decades of neglect and suburban flight , the neighborhood revival followed the re-opening of the tower theatre in the late 1970s , which at that time showed second and third run movies , along with classic films .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
johnson responded approximately one week later , concluding that " we are neither making maximum effort nor achieving results necessary if this country is to reach a position of leadership . "
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
formed in november 1990 by the equal merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting , bskyb became the uk 's largest digital subscription television company .
the traditional visor helmet was replaced with a clear " fishbowl " type for greater visibility , and the lunar surface eva suit would include a water-cooled undergarment .
geophysical data and well logs can be combined to produce a better view of the subsurface , and stratigraphers often use computer programs to do this in three dimensions .
tea , coffee , sisal , pyrethrum , corn , and wheat are grown in the fertile highlands , one of the most successful agricultural production regions in africa .
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102. cornerbacks aqib talib ( three interceptions ) and chris harris , jr. ( two interceptions ) were the other two pro bowl selections from the defense .
tourists , the largest number being from germany and the united kingdom , are attracted mainly to the coastal beaches and the game reserves , notably , the expansive east and west tsavo national park 20,808 square kilometres ( 8,034 sq mi ) in the southeast .
linebacker luke kuechly had 11 total tackles , while thomas davis had seven , despite playing just two weeks after breaking his right arm in the nfc title game .
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study .
the lowest point lies at a height 75.6 metres ( 248.0 ft ) ( at the right bank of the vistula , by the eastern border of warsaw ) .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
luther 's teaching of the ten commandments , therefore , has clear eschatological overtones , which , characteristically for luther , do not encourage world-flight but direct the christian to service to the neighbor in the common , daily vocations of this perishing world .
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes .
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp .
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966. ten years later , the first original doctor who audio was released on lp record ; doctor who and the pescatons featuring the fourth doctor .
it meets each six months and its president ( currently former poland prime minister donald tusk ) is meant to 'drive forward its work ' , but it does not itself 'legislative functions ' .
several more recent studies comparing complete sequenced genomes of ctenophores with other sequenced animal genomes have also supported ctenophores as the sister lineage to all other animals .
a function problem is a computational problem where a single output ( of a total function ) is expected for every input , but the output is more complex than that of a decision problem , that is , it is n't just yes or no .
to celebrate the 40th anniversary in 2003 , an audio drama titled zagreus featuring paul mcgann , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and peter davison was released with additional archive recordings of jon pertwee .
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period .
let 's say ten times more . "
while the military effectiveness of these " afghan arabs " was marginal , an estimated 16,000 to 35,000 muslim volunteers came from around the world came to fight in afghanistan .
the warsaw citadel , an impressive 19th-century fortification built after the defeat of the november uprising , was a place of martyr for the poles .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
kublai secured the northeast border in 1259 by installing the hostage prince wonjong as the ruler of korea , making it a mongol tributary state .
the apicomplexans include plasmodium , the malaria parasite .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
if they enter less dense brackish water , the ciliary rosettes in the body cavity may pump this into the mesoglea to increase its bulk and decrease its density , to avoid sinking .
the network hired the troika design group to design and produce its 2001–02 identity , which continued using the black-and-yellow coloring of the logo and featured dots and stripes in various promotional and identification spots .
within a few months , the budapest telephone exchange became functional and tesla was allocated the chief electrician position .
leukocytes ( white blood cells ) act like independent , single-celled organisms and are the second arm of the innate immune system .
the dialect of newcastle is known as geordie , and contains a large amount of vocabulary and distinctive word pronunciations not used in other parts of the united kingdom .
this teaching by luther was clearly expressed in his 1525 publication on the bondage of the will , which was written in response to on free will by desiderius erasmus ( 1524 ) .
water in equilibrium with air contains approximately 1 molecule of dissolved o 2 for every 2 molecules of n 2 , compared to an atmospheric ratio of approximately 1:4. the solubility of oxygen in water is temperature-dependent , and about twice as much ( 14.6 mg·l−1 ) dissolves at 0 °c than at 20 °c ( 7.6 mg·l−1 ) .
the crew of apollo 8 sent the first live televised pictures of the earth and the moon back to earth , and read from the creation story in the book of genesis , on christmas eve , 1968. an estimated one-quarter of the population of the world saw—either live or delayed—the christmas eve transmission during the ninth orbit of the moon .
better than anyone else she represented the art deco style in painting and art .
therefore , the church rejects war as an instrument of national foreign policy , to be employed only as a last resort in the prevention of such evils as genocide , brutal suppression of human rights , and unprovoked international aggression .
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century .
the university of chicago was created and incorporated as a coeducational , secular institution in 1890 by the american baptist education society and a donation from oil magnate and philanthropist john d. rockefeller on land donated by marshall field .
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations .
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball .
finding the key bed in these situations may help determine whether the fault is a normal fault or a thrust fault .
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific .
in 1881 , tesla moved to budapest to work under ferenc puskás at a telegraph company , the budapest telephone exchange .
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000. the three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined .
möngke khan commenced a military campaign against the chinese song dynasty in southern china .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
in yuan poetry , the main development was the qu , which was used among other poetic forms by most of the famous yuan poets .
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality .
ribault erected a stone column near present-day jacksonville claiming the newly discovered land for france .
this was followed by five launches of boilerplate csms ( designated as-101 through as-105 ) into orbit in 1964 and 1965. the last three of these further supported the apollo program by also carrying pegasus satellites , which verified the safety of the translunar environment by measuring the frequency and severity of micrometeorite impacts .
gamma delta t cells ( γδ t cells ) possess an alternative t cell receptor ( tcr ) as opposed to cd4+ and cd8+ ( αβ ) t cells and share the characteristics of helper t cells , cytotoxic t cells and nk cells .
the mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005 ( 22,392 km2 or 8,646 sq mi per year ) was 18 % higher than in the previous five years ( 19,018 km2 or 7,343 sq mi per year ) .
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage .
prime ideals , which generalize prime elements in the sense that the principal ideal generated by a prime element is a prime ideal , are an important tool and object of study in commutative algebra , algebraic number theory and algebraic geometry .
these values are much greater than the 9–88 cm as projected by the ipcc itself in its third assessment report , published in 2001 " .
there , in october 1518 , under questioning by papal legate cardinal cajetan luther stated that he did not consider the papacy part of the biblical church because historistical interpretation of bible prophecy concluded that the papacy was the antichrist .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
in february they launched a daring raid against the position across the frozen lake george , destroying storehouses and buildings outside the main fortification .
in some places , there are large compensation pools , for example the huge bassin de compensation de plobsheim in alsace .
rapid warming and changes of vegetation , to open forest , began about 13,000 bp .
in his smalcald articles , he described the saints as currently residing " in their graves and in heaven . "
competition amongst workers tends to drive down wages due to the expendable nature of the worker in relation to his or her particular job .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
although restrictions on freedom of establishment could be justified by creditor protection , labour rights to participate in work , or the public interest in collecting taxes , denial of capacity went too far : it was an " outright negation " of the right of establishment .
the doctrine of legitimate expectation , which has its roots in the principles of legal certainty and good faith , is also a central element of the general principle of legal certainty in european union law .
accordingly , the term odd prime refers to any prime number greater than 2. similarly , when written in the usual decimal system , all prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1 , 3 , 7 , or 9 , since even numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5 .
this basin encompasses 7,000,000 square kilometres ( 2,700,000 sq mi ) , of which 5,500,000 square kilometres ( 2,100,000 sq mi ) are covered by the rainforest .
what is more , the primes are distributed equally among those rows in the long run—the density of all primes congruent a modulo 9 is 1/6 .
:208 kenneth swezey , a journalist whom tesla had befriended , confirmed that tesla rarely slept .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
the scottish parliament has the power to pass laws and has limited tax-varying capability .
:43 , 301 on one occasion at his laboratory , tesla worked for a period of 84 hours without sleep or rest .
stage 1 usually takes place , initially , in the relevant committee or committees and is then submitted to the whole parliament for a full debate in the chamber on the general principles of the bill .
mayor w. haydon burns ' jacksonville story resulted in the construction of a new city hall , civic auditorium , public library and other projects that created a dynamic sense of civic pride .
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) .
most of them were destroyed in the aftermath of the warsaw uprising of 1944. after the war , the new communist authorities of poland discouraged church construction and only a small number were rebuilt .
at first he sent missionaries , backed by a fund to financially reward converts to catholicism .
the function of the teacher is to pressure the lazy , inspire the bored , deflate the cocky , encourage the timid , detect and correct individual flaws , and broaden the viewpoint of all .
[ citation needed ] teachers in state schools must have at least a bachelor 's degree , complete an approved teacher education program , and be licensed .
khublai evoked his public image as a sage emperor by following the rituals of confucian propriety and ancestor veneration , while simultaneously retaining his roots as a leader from the steppes .
they generally serve as pastors in local congregations .
go-ahead operates from eldon square bus station , providing the majority of services south of the river in gateshead , south tyneside , sunderland , and county durham .
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) .
at the time of its formation , the umc had about 11 million members in nearly 42,000 congregations .
for example , the working time directive requires that every worker has at least 4 weeks paid holidays each year , but most member states require more than 28 days in national law .
in australia , the show has had a strong fan base since its inception , having been exclusively first run by the australian broadcasting corporation ( abc ) since january 1965. the abc has periodically repeated episodes ; of note were the weekly screenings of all available classic episodes starting in 2003 , for the show 's 40th anniversary , and the weekdaily screenings of all available revived episodes in 2013 for the show 's 50th anniversary .
otherwise , the physician has a financial self-interest in " diagnosing " as many conditions as possible , and in exaggerating their seriousness , because he or she can then sell more medications to the patient .
for this purpose genghis khan invited a khitan prince , chu'tsai , who worked for the jin and had been captured by the mongol army after the jin dynasty was defeated .
newcastle college is the largest general further education college in the north east and is a beacon status college ; there are two smaller colleges in the newcastle area .
coincidentally , both teams were coached by john fox in their last super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 .
the doctor 's first companions seen on screen were his granddaughter susan foreman ( carole ann ford ) and her teachers barbara wright ( jacqueline hill ) and ian chesterton ( william russell ) .
in 1928 , tesla received his last patent , u.s. patent 1,655,114 , for a biplane capable of taking off vertically ( vtol aircraft ) and then be " gradually tilted through manipulation of the elevator devices " in flight until it was flying like a conventional plane .
luther insisted on the real presence of the body and blood of christ in the consecrated bread and wine , which he called the sacramental union , while his opponents believed god to be only spiritually or symbolically present .
hutton published a two-volume version of his ideas in 1795 ( vol .
chinese medical techniques such as acupuncture , moxibustion , pulse diagnosis , and various herbal drugs and elixirs were transmitted westward to the middle east and the rest of the empire .
up to the election of 1960 , kennedy had been speaking out against the " missile gap " that he and many other senators felt had formed between the soviets and themselves due to the inaction of president eisenhower .
he read many books while in tomingaj , and later said that mark twain 's works had helped him to miraculously recover from his earlier illness .
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams .
the scottish parliament has conducted debates in the gaelic language .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
oxygen is toxic to obligately anaerobic organisms , which were the dominant form of early life on earth until o 2 began to accumulate in the atmosphere about 2.5 billion years ago during the great oxygenation event , about a billion years after the first appearance of these organisms .
in the same year , he patented the tesla coil .
in most reciprocating piston engines , the steam reverses its direction of flow at each stroke ( counterflow ) , entering and exhausting from the cylinder by the same port .
" :64 instead , edison offered a us $ 10 a week raise over tesla 's us $ 18 per week salary ; tesla refused the offer and immediately resigned .
in ring theory , the notion of number is generally replaced with that of ideal .
in macroscopic closed systems , nonconservative forces act to change the internal energies of the system , and are often associated with the transfer of heat .
average temperatures are less than 9 °c ( 48 °f ) in winter and below 0 °c ( 32 °f ) in the highest parts of the ranges .
complexity measures are very generally defined by the blum complexity axioms .
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) .
articles 106 and 107 provide that member state 's right to deliver public services may not be obstructed , but that otherwise public enterprises must adhere to the same competition principles as companies .
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice .
word of the british military plans leaked to france well before braddock 's departure for north america .
the network was also propelled during the early 1980s by the continued successes of happy days , three 's company , laverne & shirley and fantasy island , and gained new hits in too close for comfort , soap spinoff benson and happy days spinoff mork & mindy .
liquid oxygen is attracted to a magnet to a sufficient extent that , in laboratory demonstrations , a bridge of liquid oxygen may be supported against its own weight between the poles of a powerful magnet .
a plant cell which contains chloroplasts is known as a chlorenchyma cell .
all three apparently lacked tentacles but had between 24 and 80 comb rows , far more than the 8 typical of living species .
what all these models have in common is that the machines operate deterministically .
in 1862 , the tesla family moved to gospić , austrian empire , where tesla 's father worked as a pastor .
this provided incentives for imperial and colonial powers to obtain " information to fill in blank spaces on contemporary maps " .
whilst the permanent building at holyrood was being constructed , the parliament 's temporary home was the general assembly hall of the church of scotland on the royal mile in edinburgh .
to clear out this confusion about the definition of imperialism one could speak of " formal " and " informal " imperialism , the first meaning physical control or " full-fledged colonial rule " while the second implied less direct rule though still containing perceivable kinds of dominance .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
the first four saturn i test flights were launched from lc-34 , with only live first stages , carrying dummy upper stages filled with water .
the descendants of rollo 's vikings and their frankish wives would replace the norse religion and old norse language with catholicism ( christianity ) and the gallo-romance language of the local people , blending their maternal frankish heritage with old norse traditions and customs to synthesize a unique " norman " culture in the north of france .
in 1628 the huguenots established a congregation as l'église française à la nouvelle-amsterdam ( the french church in new amsterdam ) .
to show an upper bound t ( n ) on the time complexity of a problem , one needs to show only that there is a particular algorithm with running time at most t ( n ) .
because the operations of the armed forces have been traditionally cloaked by the ubiquitous blanket of “ state security ” , the corruption has been less in public view , and thus less subject to public scrutiny and notoriety .
the licensed local pastor has the authority of a pastor only within the context and during the time of the appointment and shall not extend beyond it .
student government is made up of graduate and undergraduate students elected to represent members from their respective academic unit .
oxygen gas is increasingly obtained by these non-cryogenic technologies ( see also the related vacuum swing adsorption ) .
:162–164 in february 1912 , an article— " nikola tesla , dreamer " by allan l. benson—was published in world today , in which an artist 's illustration appears showing the entire earth cracking in half with the caption , " tesla claims that in a few weeks he could set the earth 's crust into such a state of vibration that it would rise and fall hundreds of feet and practically destroy civilization .
nikola credited his eidetic memory and creative abilities to his mother 's genetics and influence .
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty .
islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect islam , while the contrary idea that islam is , or can be , apolitical is an error .
" ikh zasag law adopted during genghis khan ’ s time in mongolia had points to punish illegal matters related to corruption and bribery very heavily , " mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj noted .
after the sixth sermon , the wittenberg jurist jerome schurf wrote to the elector : " oh , what joy has dr. martin 's return spread among us !
the tuition fee supplement is geared to students enrolled in priority courses in post-secondary and non-degree programmes , including vocational and technical courses .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " .
one of them is goldbach 's conjecture , which asserts that every even integer n greater than 2 can be written as a sum of two primes .
one of the most famous people born in warsaw was maria skłodowska-curie , who achieved international recognition for her research on radioactivity and was the first female recipient of the nobel prize .
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach .
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney .
the sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental united states and the grand canyon in the southwestern united states contain almost-undeformed stacks of sedimentary rocks that have remained in place since cambrian time .
any channel which can get carriage on a suitable beam of a satellite at 28° east is entitled to access to bskyb 's epg for a fee , ranging from £15–100,000 .
it is connected to the city via the metro light rail system and a journey into newcastle city centre takes approximately 20 minutes .
the individual is the final judge of right and wrong .
if a pathogen breaches these barriers , the innate immune system provides an immediate , but non-specific response .
faith groups can make direct representations to the presiding officer to nominate speakers .
[ citation needed ] his lab was torn down in 1904 , and its contents were sold two years later to satisfy a debt .
in particular , number theorists such as british mathematician g. h. hardy prided themselves on doing work that had absolutely no military significance .
hypersensitivity is an immune response that damages the body 's own tissues .
webb also reassigned apollo spacecraft program office ( aspo ) manager joseph francis shea , replacing him with george low .
in afghanistan , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviet union in the 1980s did not lead to justice and prosperity , due to a vicious and destructive civil war between political and tribal warlords , making afghanistan one of the poorest countries on earth .
despite this , he insisted he would still find a way to play in the super bowl .
the dominant economic sectors in the middle rhine area are viniculture and tourism .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
within a short time , the imperial parliament granted victoria responsible government with the passage of the colony of victoria act 1855. some of the leaders of the eureka rebellion went on to become members of the victorian parliament .
first , during the early slow-wave-sleep stage , a sudden drop in blood levels of cortisol , epinephrine , and norepinephrine induce increased blood levels of the hormones leptin , pituitary growth hormone , and prolactin .
islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect islam , while the contrary idea that islam is , or can be , apolitical is an error .
in recent years the characteristic that has strongly correlated with health in developed countries is income inequality .
english chemist john mayow ( 1641–1679 ) refined this work by showing that fire requires only a part of air that he called spiritus nitroaereus or just nitroaereus .
although united methodist practices and interpretation of beliefs have evolved over time , these practices and beliefs can be traced to the writings of the church 's founders , especially john wesley and charles wesley ( anglicans ) , but also philip william otterbein and martin boehm ( united brethren ) , and jacob albright ( evangelical association ) .
for luther 's biographer martin brecht , this partnership " was the beginning of a questionable and originally unintended development towards a church government under the temporal sovereign " .
oxygen condenses at 90.20 k ( −182.95 °c , −297.31 °f ) , and freezes at 54.36 k ( −218.79 °c , −361.82 °f ) .
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape .
these professional qualifications may include the study of pedagogy , the science of teaching .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden .
in may 2000 , the parliament was temporarily relocated to the former strathclyde regional council debating chamber in glasgow , and to the university of aberdeen in may 2002 .
the fourth was released on 4 october 2010 as a two disc special edition and contained music from the 2008–2010 specials ( the next doctor to end of time part 2 ) .
the adaptive immune system evolved in early vertebrates and allows for a stronger immune response as well as immunological memory , where each pathogen is " remembered " by a signature antigen .
they also lost super bowl xxi when they wore white jerseys , but they are 0-4 in super bowls when wearing orange jerseys , losing in super bowl xii , xxii , xxiv , and xlviii .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
other arcane units of force include the sthène , which is equivalent to 1000 n , and the kip , which is equivalent to 1000 lbf .
throughout the history of education the most common form of school discipline was corporal punishment .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
the mongol army quickly seized the town of otrar , relying on superior strategy and tactics .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
the logo is displayed on-air , online and in print advertising in four variants shading the respective color used with the circle design 's native black coloring : a gold version is primarily used on entertainment-oriented outlets ( such as abc.com , watch abc , and by abc studios ) and the on-screen bug ; steel blue and dark grey versions are used primarily by abc news ; a red version is used for espn on abc , while all four variants are used selectively in advertising and by affiliates .
to date , at least 40,000 plant species , 2,200 fishes , 1,294 birds , 427 mammals , 428 amphibians , and 378 reptiles have been scientifically classified in the region .
other basic immune mechanisms evolved in ancient eukaryotes and remain in their modern descendants , such as plants and invertebrates .
most canadians have access to at least one u.s.-based abc affiliate , either over-the-air ( in areas located within proximity to the canada–united states border ) or through a cable , satellite or iptv provider , although most abc programs are subject to simultaneous substitution regulations imposed by the canadian radio-television and telecommunications commission that allow pay television providers to replace an american station 's signal with the feed of a canadian broadcaster to protect domestic programming rights and advertising revenue .
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water .
from the late 1340s onwards , people in the countryside suffered from frequent natural disasters such as droughts , floods and the resulting famines , and the government 's lack of effective policy led to a loss of popular support .
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) .
price controls exacerbated the crisis in the us .
saudi arabia spent over 100 billion dollars in the ensuing decades for helping spread its fundamentalist interpretation of islam , known as wahhabism , throughout the world , via religious charities such al-haramain foundation , which often also distributed funds to violent sunni extremist groups such as al-qaeda and the taliban .
kublai 's government faced financial difficulties after 1279. wars and construction projects had drained the mongol treasury .
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession .
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams .
legislative power in warsaw is vested in a unicameral warsaw city council ( rada miasta ) , which comprises 60 members .
according to michael , just about every anti-jewish book printed in the third reich contained references to and quotations from luther .
in the late 17th century , robert boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion .
a b cell identifies pathogens when antibodies on its surface bind to a specific foreign antigen .
fresno ( /ˈfrɛznoʊ/ frez-noh ) , the county seat of fresno county , is a city in the u.s. state of california .
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime .
fresno is the largest u.s. city not directly linked to an interstate highway .
the principal cash crops are tea , horticultural produce , and coffee .
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students .
the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences is to elect and appoint bishops , the chief administrators of the church .
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water .
ogedei 's grandson kaidu refused to submit to kublai and threatened the western frontier of kublai 's domain .
nurses treat 80 % of the population who visit dispensaries , health centres and private clinics in rural and under-served urban areas .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring ( 500 points ) , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections .
the country of australia serves as a case study in relation to british settlement and colonial rule of the continent in the eighteenth century , as it was premised on terra nullius , and its settlers considered it unused by its sparse aboriginal inhabitants .
the book of discipline also recognizes the importance of the chalcedonian creed of the council of chalcedon .
structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples to observe the fabric within the rocks which gives information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks .
in the analog versions of these experiments , horizontal layers of sand are pulled along a lower surface into a back stop , which results in realistic-looking patterns of faulting and the growth of a critically tapered ( all angles remain the same ) orogenic wedge .
routing a packet requires the node to look up the connection id in a table .
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " .
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill .
in the 16th century , the beginning of the historical era , the region was inhabited by the mocama , a coastal subgroup of the timucua people .
by the time of the miocene , a river system had developed in the upper rhine graben , that continued northward and is considered the first rhine river .
luther was the most widely read author of his generation , and within germany he acquired the status of a prophet .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
his armies quickly took heisui , ganzhou , and suzhou ( not the suzhou in jiangsu province ) , and in the autumn he took xiliang-fu [ disambiguation needed ] .
in 1979 , less than a year after becoming pope , john paul celebrated mass in victory square in warsaw and ended his sermon with a call to " renew the face " of poland : let thy spirit descend !
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense .
he is looked upon positively by mongolians for his role in uniting warring tribes .
they set up a laboratory for tesla at 89 liberty street in manhattan where he worked on improving and developing new types of electric motors , generators and other devices .
[ citation needed ] his lab was torn down in 1904 , and its contents were sold two years later to satisfy a debt .
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma .
while the commission has a monopoly on initiating legislation , the european parliament and the council of the european union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process .
[ verification needed ] bismarck was aware that public opinion had started to demand colonies for reasons of german prestige .
until the all-channel receiver act ( passed by congress in 1961 ) mandated the inclusion of uhf tuning , most viewers needed to purchase a converter to be able to watch uhf stations , and the signal quality was marginal at best even with a converter .
the daily mail newspaper reported in 2012 that the uk government 's benefits agency was checking claimants ' " sky tv bills to establish if a woman in receipt of benefits as a single mother is wrongly claiming to be living alone " – as , it claimed , subscription to sports channels would betray a man 's presence in the household .
luther connected high art and folk music , also all classes , clergy and laity , men , women and children .
thus , the marginal utility of wealth per person ( " the additional dollar " ) decreases as a person becomes richer .
the population of pons aelius at this period was estimated at 2,000. fragments of hadrian 's wall are still visible in parts of newcastle , particularly along the west road .
the v & a presented a combined concert/lecture by british progressive folk-rock band gryphon , who explored the lineage of mediaeval music and instrumentation and related how those contributed to contemporary music 500 years later .
the northern rock cyclone , a cycling festival , takes place within , or starting from , newcastle in june .
the uk , germany , italy , switzerland and norway banned flying , driving and boating on sundays .
he encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration , nonviolent civil disobedience , and violent civil disobedience .
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands .
in middle age , tesla became a close friend of mark twain ; they spent a lot of time together in his lab and elsewhere .
the san bernardino-riverside area maintains the business districts of downtown san bernardino , hospitality business/financial centre , university town which are in san bernardino and downtown riverside .
since the election riots , the government and civil society organisations started programmes to avoid similar disasters in the future , said agnes r. m. aboum – executive director of taabco research and development consultants in nairobi – in the magazine d+c development and cooperation .
in 2010 , the eleventh doctor similarly calls himself " the eleventh " in " the lodger " .
some dinophytes , like kryptoperidinium and durinskia have a diatom ( heterokontophyte ) derived chloroplast .
prior to 1990 saudi arabia played an important role in restraining the many islamist groups that received its aid .
he left law school , sold his books , and entered a closed augustinian cloister in erfurt on 17 july 1505. one friend blamed the decision on luther 's sadness over the deaths of two friends .
the neoclassical architecture in warsaw can be described by the simplicity of the geometrical forms teamed with a great inspiration from the roman period .
one early map shows a village called ossachite at the site of what is now downtown jacksonville ; this may be the earliest recorded name for that area .
despite the high position given to muslims , some policies of the yuan emperors severely discriminated against them , restricting halal slaughter and other islamic practices like circumcision , as well as kosher butchering for jews , forcing them to eat food the mongol way .
in the united states , scholars argue that there already existed a negotiated settlement based on equality between both parties prior to 1973. the possibility that the middle east could become another superpower confrontation with the ussr was of more concern to the us than oil .
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast .
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
they also settled elsewhere in kent , particularly sandwich , faversham and maidstone—towns in which there used to be refugee churches .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
the result is unstable six-carbon molecules that immediately break down into three-carbon molecules called 3-phosphoglyceric acid , or 3-pga .
the bakersfield-stockton mainlines of the burlington northern santa fe railway and union pacific railroad railroads cross in fresno , and both railroads maintain railyards within the city ; the san joaquin valley railroad also operates former southern pacific branchlines heading west and south out of the city .
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools .
some huguenot families have kept alive various traditions , such as the celebration and feast of their patron saint nicolas , similar to the dutch sint nicolaas ( sinterklaas ) feast .
the college 's academics are divided into five divisions : the biological sciences collegiate division , the physical sciences collegiate division , the social sciences collegiate division , the humanities collegiate division , and the new collegiate division .
airing during the 1955–56 season , it showcased television adaptations of the 1942 films kings row and casablanca ; cheyenne ( adapted from the 1947 film wyoming kid ) ; sugarfoot ( a remake of the 1954 film the boy from oklahoma ) ; and maverick .
gas turbines , for instance , have turbine entry temperatures approaching 1500 °c .
five of the remaining six missions achieved successful landings , but the apollo 13 landing was prevented by an oxygen tank explosion in transit to the moon , which disabled the command spacecraft 's propulsion and life support .
a further 6,000 square kilometres ( 2,300 sq mi ) is sown for hay .
bento de moura portugal introduced an ingenious improvement of savery 's construction " to render it capable of working itself " , as described by john smeaton in the philosophical transactions published in 1751. it continued to be manufactured until the late 18th century .
there are a variety of bodies designed to instill , preserve and update the knowledge and professional standing of teachers .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
the theologians , including zwingli , melanchthon , martin bucer , and johannes oecolampadius , differed on the significance of the words spoken by jesus at the last supper : " this is my body which is for you " and " this cup is the new covenant in my blood " ( 1 corinthians 11:23–26 ) .
in 1993 , galor and zeira showed that inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has a long lasting detrimental effect on human capital formation and economic development .
:33 however , toward the end of his life , he told a reporter , " sometimes i feel that by not marrying , i made too great a sacrifice to my work ... " there have been numerous accounts of women vying for tesla 's affection , even some madly in love with him .
in particular , it has consistently topped the academic ranking of world universities ( arwu ) since 2003 , and the the world reputation rankings since 2011 , when the first time such league tables were published .
another famous athletic event is the 5.9-mile ( 9.5 km ) blaydon race ( a road race from newcastle to blaydon ) , which has taken place on 9 june annually since 1981 , to commemorate the celebrated blaydon races horse racing .
evaporative cooling towers need less water flow than " once-through " cooling by river or lake water ; a 700 megawatt coal-fired power plant may use about 3600 cubic metres of make-up water every hour for evaporative cooling , but would need about twenty times as much if cooled by river water .
it consists of filaments about 5 nanometers across , arranged in rows 6.4 nanometers apart , and shrinks to squeeze the chloroplast .
innate cells are also important mediators in the activation of the adaptive immune system .
luther devised the catechism as a method of imparting the basics of christianity to the congregations .
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates .
by the late 19th century scientists realized that air could be liquefied , and its components isolated , by compressing and cooling it .
the programme was relaunched in 2005 by russell t davies , who was showrunner and head writer for the first five years of its revival , produced in-house by bbc wales in cardiff .
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north .
the sinclair broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations by numerical total , owning or providing services to 28 abc affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates ; sinclair owns the largest abc subchannel affiliate by market size , wabm-dt2/wdbb-dt2 in the birmingham market , which serve as repeaters of wbma-ld ( the largest low-power " big four " affiliate by market size , which itself is also simulcast on a subchannel of former wbma satellite wgww , owned by sinclair partner company howard stirk holdings ) .
it is also produced in the troposphere by the photolysis of ozone by light of short wavelength , and by the immune system as a source of active oxygen .
the neighborhood has very little retail activity , aside from the area near fresno street and state route 99 freeway ( kearney palm shopping center , built in the late 1990s ) and small corner markets scattered throughout .
tvontario picked up the show in 1976 beginning with the three doctors and aired each series ( several years late ) through to series 24 in 1991. from 1979 to 1981 , tvo airings were bookended by science-fiction writer judith merril who would introduce the episode and then , after the episode concluded , try to place it in an educational context in keeping with tvo 's status as an educational channel .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
in the same year , he patented the tesla coil .
european examples include a dormer window dated 1523–35 from the chateau of montal .
he was made to wake at four every morning for what has been described as " a day of rote learning and often wearying spiritual exercises . "
for a long time , it was thought that the amazon rainforest was only ever sparsely populated , as it was impossible to sustain a large population through agriculture given the poor soil .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
newcastlegateshead was voted in 2006 as the arts capital of the uk in a survey conducted by the artsworld tv channel .
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block .
the first british empire was based on mercantilism , and involved colonies and holdings primarily in north america , the caribbean , and india .
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools .
some huguenots fought in the low countries alongside the dutch against spain during the first years of the dutch revolt ( 1568–1609 ) .
louis xiv gained the throne in 1643 and acted increasingly aggressively to force the huguenots to convert .
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact .
the adoption of laws which will have legal effect in the european union must have a proper legal basis .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
the special was one of several special 3d programmes the bbc produced at the time , using a 3d system that made use of the pulfrich effect requiring glasses with one darkened lens ; the picture would look normal to those viewers who watched without the glasses .
some words used in the geordie dialect are used elsewhere in the northern united kingdom .
funding for private schools is generally provided through student tuition , endowments , scholarship/voucher funds , and donations and grants from religious organizations or private individuals .
the united methodist church is organized into conferences .
it is conjectured that there are infinitely many twin primes , pairs of primes with difference 2 ( twin prime conjecture ) .
the decision was not announced publicly until successful completion of apollo 7. gemini veterans frank borman and james lovell , and rookie william anders captured the world 's attention by making 10 lunar orbits in 20 hours , transmitting television pictures of the lunar surface on christmas eve , and returning safely to earth .
to accurately map the amazon 's biomass and subsequent carbon related emissions , the classification of tree growth stages within different parts of the forest is crucial .
it became a moral justification to lift the world up to french standards by bringing christianity and french culture .
kuznets ' curve predicts that income inequality will eventually decrease given time .
warsaw 's first stock exchange was established in 1817 and continued trading until world war ii .
in 2014 , the group proclaimed itself a caliphate , with religious , political and military authority over all muslims worldwide .
this local-global principle again underlines the importance of primes to number theory .
before genghis khan died , he assigned ögedei khan as his successor and split his empire into khanates among his sons and grandsons .
in the laboratory , biostratigraphers analyze rock samples from outcrop and drill cores for the fossils found in them .
among them , the original fresno county courthouse ( demolished ) , the fresno carnegie public library ( demolished ) , the fresno water tower , the bank of italy building , the pacific southwest building , the san joaquin light & power building ( currently known as the grand 1401 ) , and the hughes hotel ( burned down ) , to name a few .
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue .
in 1973 , nixon named william e. simon as the first administrator of the federal energy office , a short-term organization created to coordinate the response to the embargo .
following the initial success of these series , abc revamped its friday night schedule around family-friendly comedies in the late 1980s , culminating in the 1989 debut of the " tgif " block ( which promotions referenced stood for " thank goodness it 's funny " ) .
as of 2005 , there were about 667,000 firms employing 1 million contractors ( 200,000 general contractors , 38,000 heavy , and 432,000 specialty ) ; the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees .
southern california contains a mediterranean climate , with infrequent rain and many sunny days .
effects of inequality researchers have found include higher rates of health and social problems , and lower rates of social goods , a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted on high-end consumption , and even a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption .
these stages were called expansions , with double and triple expansion engines being common , especially in shipping where efficiency was important to reduce the weight of coal carried .
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region .
this is becoming known as the advanced steam movement .
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states .
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng .
other fresno stations include abc o & o kfsn , cbs affiliate kgpe , cw affiliate kfre , fox affiliate kmph , mntv affiliate kail , pbs affiliate kvpt , telemundo o & o knso , univision o & o kftv , and mundofox and azteca affiliate kgmc-dt .
this document , the guanabara confession of faith , became the first protestant confession of faith in the whole of the americas .
the legislature of the european union is principally composed of the european parliament and the council of the european union , which under the treaties may establish secondary law to pursue the objective set out in the treaties .
the council meets twice a year at various locations throughout the world .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
rather than waste the saturn v on another simple earth-orbiting mission , aspo manager george low suggested the bold step of sending apollo 8 to orbit the moon instead , deferring the d mission to the next mission in march 1969 , and eliminating the e mission .
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup .
of the nine members of the european economic community ( eec ) , the netherlands faced a complete embargo , the uk and france received almost uninterrupted supplies ( having refused to allow america to use their airfields and embargoed arms and supplies to both the arabs and the israelis ) , while the other six faced partial cutbacks .
the program returned 842 pounds ( 382 kg ) of lunar rocks and soil to earth , greatly contributing to the understanding of the moon 's composition and geological history .
in case of european union law which should have been transposed into the laws of member states , such as directives , the european commission can take proceedings against the member state under the treaty on the functioning of the european union .
several microplates were caught in the squeeze and rotated or were pushed laterally , generating the individual features of mediterranean geography : iberia pushed up the pyrenees ; italy , the alps , and anatolia , moving west , the mountains of greece and the islands .
this means that in a closed system of particles , there are no internal forces that are unbalanced .
the success of the first two landings allowed the remaining missions to be crewed with a single veteran as commander , with two rookies .
tesla went to maribor ( now in slovenia ) , where he worked as a draftsman for 60 florins a month .
formed in 1946 , sierra sky park airport is a residential airport community born of a unique agreement in transportation law to allow personal aircraft and automobiles to share certain roads .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
rather than being more moderate than the plo , the 1988 hamas charter took a more uncompromising stand , calling for the destruction of israel and the establishment of an islamic state in palestine .
other components are often present ; pumps ( such as an injector ) to supply water to the boiler during operation , condensers to recirculate the water and recover the latent heat of vaporisation , and superheaters to raise the temperature of the steam above its saturated vapour point , and various mechanisms to increase the draft for fireboxes .
tesla was the fourth of five children .
another example of scientific research which suggests that previous estimates by the ipcc , far from overstating dangers and risks , have actually understated them is a study on projected rises in sea levels .
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system , metrolink , run out of downtown los angeles , connecting los angeles , ventura , san bernardino , riverside , orange , and san diego counties with the other line connecting san bernardino , riverside , and orange counties directly .
while sophisticated mathematical descriptions are needed to predict , in full detail , the accurate result of such interactions , there is a conceptually simple way to describe such interactions through the use of feynman diagrams .
two han chinese leaders , shi tianze , liu heima ( 劉黑馬 , liu ni ) , and the khitan xiao zhala ( 蕭札剌 ) defected and commanded the 3 tumens in the mongol army .
" :245 there were unsubstantiated rumors at the time that tesla and/or edison had refused the prize .
individual plant cells respond to molecules associated with pathogens known as pathogen-associated molecular patterns or pamps .
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968. consolidation gave jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits ; with an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014 , it is the most populous city proper in florida and the southeast , and the 12th most populous in the united states .
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000. the three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined .
some civil disobedients , such as the proprietors of illegal medical cannabis dispensaries and voice in the wilderness , which brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the u.s. government , directly achieve a desired social goal ( such as the provision of medication to the sick ) while openly breaking the law .
whilst this is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics , some teachers and parents advocate a more assertive and confrontational style of discipline .
john dalton 's original atomic hypothesis assumed that all elements were monatomic and that the atoms in compounds would normally have the simplest atomic ratios with respect to one another .
within the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts , commensal flora serve as biological barriers by competing with pathogenic bacteria for food and space and , in some cases , by changing the conditions in their environment , such as ph or available iron .
tesla claimed to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy that he started working on in 1892 , and in 1937 , at age 81 , claimed in a letter to have completed a " dynamic theory of gravity " that " [ would ] put an end to idle speculations and false conceptions , as that of curved space . "
the presiding officer ( or deputy presiding officer ) decides who speaks in chamber debates and the amount of time for which they are allowed to speak .
of the total 131 seats , 129 are occupied by the parliament 's elected msps and 2 are seats for the scottish law officers – the lord advocate and the solicitor general for scotland , who are not elected members of the parliament but are members of the scottish government .
" great mongol state " ) , resulting in dai ön yeke mongghul ulus ( mongolian script : ) , meaning " great yuan great mongol state " .
stage 3 is the final stage of the bill and is considered at a meeting of the whole parliament .
apicomplexans are another group of chromalveolates .
immunosuppressive drugs such as cyclosporin prevent t cells from responding to signals correctly by inhibiting signal transduction pathways .
ma jianlong later died from wounds received from arrows in battle .
gaining support from princes and officers in northern china and some other parts of the dynasty , khanbaliq-based tugh temür eventually won the civil war against ragibagh known as the war of the two capitals .
parliament elections , take place every five years , and votes for members of the european parliament in member states must be organised by proportional representation or a single transferable vote .
total nominal gdp of the city in 2010 amounted to 191.766 billion pln , 111696 pln per capita , which was 301,1 % of polish average .
for example , dalton assumed that water 's formula was ho , giving the atomic mass of oxygen as 8 times that of hydrogen , instead of the modern value of about 16. in 1805 , joseph louis gay-lussac and alexander von humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen ; and by 1811 amedeo avogadro had arrived at the correct interpretation of water 's composition , based on what is now called avogadro 's law and the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules .
all schools must comply with government-set curriculum standards .
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion .
in the mid-18th century christian goldbach listed 1 as the first prime in his famous correspondence with leonhard euler -- who did not agree .
saudi arabia and iran became increasingly dependent on american security assurances to manage both external and internal threats , including increased military competition between them over increased oil revenues .
in typical geological investigations , geologists use primary information related to petrology ( the study of rocks ) , stratigraphy ( the study of sedimentary layers ) , and structural geology ( the study of positions of rock units and their deformation ) .
some episodes have been returned to the bbc from the archives of other countries who bought prints for broadcast , or by private individuals who acquired them by various means .
[ citation needed ] on november 28 , 1995 , bill clinton signed the national highway designation act , ending the federal 55 mph ( 89 km/h ) speed limit , allowing states to restore their prior maximum speed limit .
like the lombardi trophy , the " 50 " will be designed by tiffany & co .
in the early years the college trained many puritan ministers .
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney .
charles avison , the leading british composer of concertos in the 18th century , was born in newcastle upon tyne in 1709 and died there in 1770. basil hume , archbishop of westminster , was born in the city in 1923. vice admiral cuthbert collingwood , 1st baron collingwood , was born in the city .
several sources say westinghouse was worried about potential bad publicity surrounding the impoverished conditions their former star inventor was living under .
chloroplasts alone make almost all of a plant cell 's amino acids in their stroma except the sulfur-containing ones like cysteine and methionine .
during the vietnam war era , the chicago eight used a political defense , while benjamin spock used a technical defense .
they also claim that in these schools the preservation of public order is easier and more efficient than anywhere else .
the situation was aggravated by other factors , such as over-fishing and long-term environmental changes that promoted the growth of the mnemiopsis population .
today , the umc is generally considered one of the more moderate and tolerant denominations with respect to race , gender , and ideology , though the denomination itself actually includes a very wide spectrum of attitudes .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
although kenya is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa , and has an affluent urban minority , it has a human development index ( hdi ) of 0.519 , ranked 145 out of 186 in the world .
luther refused to recant his writings .
for many years it was described as " semi-legal " and was the only opposition group in egypt able to field candidates during elections .
the hoppings , reputedly the largest travelling fair in europe , takes place on newcastle town moor every june .
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . "
in 1900 , the los angeles times defined southern california as including " the seven counties of los angeles , san bernardino , orange , riverside , san diego , ventura and santa barbara . "
by far the most famous work of norman art is the bayeux tapestry , which is not a tapestry but a work of embroidery .
according to geographic scholars under colonizing empires , the world could be split into climatic zones .
in education , teachers facilitate student learning , often in a school or academy or perhaps in another environment such as outdoors .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
he explores the universe in his tardis , a sentient time-travelling space ship .
in 1928 , tesla received his last patent , u.s. patent 1,655,114 , for a biplane capable of taking off vertically ( vtol aircraft ) and then be " gradually tilted through manipulation of the elevator devices " in flight until it was flying like a conventional plane .
bielany forest , located within the borders of warsaw , is the remaining part of the masovian primeval forest .
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900. james bryant conant led the university through the great depression and world war ii and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war .
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections .
if we repeat the test n times and pass every time , then the probability that our number is composite is 1/ ( 1-p ) n , which decreases exponentially with the number of tests , so we can be as sure as we like ( though never perfectly sure ) that the number is prime .
to the east is the colorado desert and the colorado river at the border with arizona , and the mojave desert at the border with the state of nevada .
innate immune defenses are non-specific , meaning these systems respond to pathogens in a generic way .
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl .
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities .
in 1992 , the democratic republic of afghanistan ruled by communist forces collapsed , and democratic islamist elements of mujahdeen founded the islamic state of afghanistan .
the vistula river is the specific axis of warsaw , which divides the city into two parts , left and right .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world .
other complexity measures are also used , such as the amount of communication ( used in communication complexity ) , the number of gates in a circuit ( used in circuit complexity ) and the number of processors ( used in parallel computing ) .
although time and space are the most well-known complexity resources , any complexity measure can be viewed as a computational resource .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
fertilization is external in most species , but platyctenids use internal fertilization and keep the eggs in brood chambers until they hatch .
similarly , orientalism is a view of a people based on their geographical location .
while studying law and philosophy in england and germany , iqbal became a member of the london branch of the all india muslim league .
the baltimore-washington conference of the umc has approved the appointment of an openly partnered lesbian to the provisional diaconate .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
he believed that complete imitation of the prophet mohammad and his successors such as ali for restoration of sharia law was essential to islam , that many secular , westernizing muslims were actually agents of the west serving western interests , and that the acts such as " plundering " of muslim lands was part of a long-term conspiracy against islam by the western governments .
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period .
these mechanisms include phagocytosis , antimicrobial peptides called defensins , and the complement system .
its existence was first proved in 1962 , and first sequenced in 1986—when two japanese research teams sequenced the chloroplast dna of liverwort and tobacco .
in 2005 , there were about 8 million members in over 34,000 congregations .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
in 1709–13 , a plague epidemic that followed the great northern war ( 1700–21 , sweden v. russia and allies ) killed about 100,000 in sweden , and 300,000 in prussia .
in 1529 , warsaw for the first time became the seat of the general sejm , permanent from 1569. in 1573 the city gave its name to the warsaw confederation , formally establishing religious freedom in the polish–lithuanian commonwealth .
it is conjectured that a progressive decline in hormone levels with age is partially responsible for weakened immune responses in aging individuals .
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period .
it is conjectured there are infinitely many primes of the form n2 + 1. these conjectures are special cases of the broad schinzel 's hypothesis h. brocard 's conjecture says that there are always at least four primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2. legendre 's conjecture states that there is a prime number between n2 and ( n + 1 ) 2 for every positive integer n. it is implied by the stronger cramér 's conjecture .
some huguenots fought in the low countries alongside the dutch against spain during the first years of the dutch revolt ( 1568–1609 ) .
some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities .
kenyan athletes ( particularly kalenjin ) continue to dominate the world of distance running , although competition from morocco and ethiopia has reduced this supremacy .
red ribbons were used to represent the entertainment division , while blue ribbons were used for abc news .
for the first billion years , any free oxygen produced by these organisms combined with dissolved iron in the oceans to form banded iron formations .
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck .
the university experienced its share of student unrest during the 1960s , beginning in 1962 , when students occupied president george beadle 's office in a protest over the university 's off-campus rental policies .
tesla was asocial and prone to seclude himself with his work .
the mongol empire was governed by a civilian and military code , called the yassa , created by genghis khan .
the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century saw a battle between " cellular " and " humoral " theories of immunity .
tesla thought the plane would sell for less than $ 1,000 .
melanocytes ) into tumors called melanomas .
the justifying grace cancels our guilt and empowers us to resist the power of sin and to fully love god and neighbor .
mean monthly temperatures range from around 53 f in january to 82 f in july .
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible .
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market .
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages .
his father , milutin tesla , was a serbian orthodox priest .
over 10 % of swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008. sweden is internationally known for this innovative school voucher model that provides swedish pupils with the opportunity to choose the school they prefer .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
a conservative force that acts on a closed system has an associated mechanical work that allows energy to convert only between kinetic or potential forms .
phosphorylation helps many proteins bind the polypeptide , keeping it from folding prematurely .
the region is home to about 2.5 million insect species , tens of thousands of plants , and some 2,000 birds and mammals .
six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system , metrolink , run out of downtown los angeles , connecting los angeles , ventura , san bernardino , riverside , orange , and san diego counties with the other line connecting san bernardino , riverside , and orange counties directly .
the antigens expressed by tumors have several sources ; some are derived from oncogenic viruses like human papillomavirus , which causes cervical cancer , while others are the organism 's own proteins that occur at low levels in normal cells but reach high levels in tumor cells .
faults are younger than the rocks they cut ; accordingly , if a fault is found that penetrates some formations but not those on top of it , then the formations that were cut are older than the fault , and the ones that are not cut must be younger than the fault .
for example , the working time directive requires that every worker has at least 4 weeks paid holidays each year , but most member states require more than 28 days in national law .
a job where there are few able or willing workers ( low supply ) , but a large need for the positions ( high demand ) , will result in high wages for that job .
rhodoplasts synthesize a form of starch called floridean , which collects into granules outside the rhodoplast , in the cytoplasm of the red alga .
however , the running time may , in general , depend on the instance .
examples include the huguenot district and french church street in cork city ; and d'olier street in dublin , named after a high sheriff and one of the founders of the bank of ireland .
as previously arranged by his father , temüjin married börte of the onggirat tribe when he was around 16 in order to cement alliances between their respective tribes .
between 1964 and 1985 , the 7–4–2–3 system was adopted – seven years of primary , four years of lower secondary , two years of upper secondary , and three years of university .
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock .
after kenya 's independence on 12 december 1963 , an authority named the ominde commission was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty .
those who complete high school can join a polytechnic or other technical college and study for three years or proceed directly to the university and study for four years .
paul revere was descended from huguenot refugees , as was henry laurens , who signed the articles of confederation for south carolina ; jack jouett , who made the ride from cuckoo tavern to warn thomas jefferson and others that tarleton and his men were on their way to arrest him for crimes against the king ; francis marion , and a number of other leaders of the american revolution and later statesmen .
the centre refreshment room 1865–77 was designed in a renaissance style by james gamble , the walls and even the ionic columns are covered in decorative and moulded ceramic tile , the ceiling consists of elaborate designs on enamelled metal sheets and matching stained-glass windows , the marble fireplace was designed and sculpted by alfred stevens and was removed from dorchester house prior to that building 's demolition in 1929. the grill room 1876–81 was designed by sir edward poynter , the lower part of the walls consist of blue and white tiles with various figures and foliage enclosed by wood panelling , above there are large tiled scenes with figures depicting the four seasons and the twelve months these were painted by ladies from the art school then based in the museum , the windows are also stained glass , there is an elaborate cast-iron grill still in place .
the force , therefore , is related directly to the difference in potential energy between two different locations in space , and can be considered to be an artifact of the potential field in the same way that the direction and amount of a flow of water can be considered to be an artifact of the contour map of the elevation of an area .
martin luther ( /ˈluːθər/ or /ˈluːðər/ ; german : [ ˈmaɐ̯tiːn ˈlʊtɐ ] ( listen ) ; 10 november 1483 – 18 february 1546 ) was a german professor of theology , composer , priest , former monk and a seminal figure in the protestant reformation .
later in the summer , kenyatta visited china at the invitation of president xi jinping after a stop in russia and not having visited the united states as president .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no .
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram .
if np is not the same as p , then the np-complete problems are also intractable in this sense .
some of the other allocution speeches given by the protesters complained about mistreatment from government officials .
in some groups , such as the flat , bottom-dwelling platyctenids , the juveniles behave more like true larvae , as they live among the plankton and thus occupy a different ecological niche from their parents and attain the adult form by a more radical metamorphosis , after dropping to the sea-floor .
one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air was conducted by the 2nd century bce greek writer on mechanics , philo of byzantium .
in the secret history of the mongols , just before the invasion of the khwarezmid empire by genghis khan , chagatai declared before his father and brothers that he would never accept jochi as genghis khan 's successor .
while completing q ( roughly , filling the gaps ) with respect to the absolute value yields the field of real numbers , completing with respect to the p-adic norm |−|p yields the field of p-adic numbers .
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half .
the university operates 12 research institutes and 113 research centers on campus .
the lunar module ( lm ) was designed to descend from lunar orbit to land two astronauts on the moon and take them back to orbit to rendezvous with the command module .
in the aftermath of generally poor french results in most theaters of the seven years ' war in 1758 , france 's new foreign minister , the duc de choiseul , decided to focus on an invasion of britain , to draw british resources away from north america and the european mainland .
depending on the water level , this flow of the rhine water is clearly visible along the entire length of the lake .
however , during the 2004–05 season , the network experienced unexpected success with new series such as desperate housewives , lost and grey 's anatomy as well as reality series dancing with the stars , which helped abc rise to second place , jumping ahead of cbs , but behind a surging fox .
while an appointment is made one year at a time , it is most common for an appointment to be continued for multiple years .
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality .
some customers consider this to be more convenient and private method rather than traveling to a community drugstore where another customer might overhear about the drugs that they take .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
however , already in quantum mechanics there is one " caveat " , namely the particles acting onto each other do not only possess the spatial variable , but also a discrete intrinsic angular momentum-like variable called the " spin " , and there is the pauli principle relating the space and the spin variables .
the embargo had a negative influence on the us economy by causing immediate demands to address the threats to u.s. energy security .
) , and less complex than bilaterians ( which include almost all other animals ) .
an old , ill man can not earn as much as a healthy young man ; gender roles and customs may prevent a woman from receiving an education or working outside the home .
the income gap in other countries ranges from 53 % in botswana to -40 % in bahrain .
parallel spins ) the spatial variables must be antisymmetric ( i.e .
this law also exists in austria for general physicians if the nearest pharmacy is more than 4 kilometers away , or where none is registered in the city .
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285. thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307. temür khan decided to maintain and continue much of the work begun by his grandfather .
the plan was , at least provisionally approved by then superintendent of new york city schools , william h. maxwell .
for example , factorization or ramification of prime ideals when lifted to an extension field , a basic problem of algebraic number theory , bears some resemblance with ramification in geometry .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
decisions are taken by a simple majority vote , usually through a " written procedure " of circulating the proposals and adopting if there are no objections .
at the begin of the holocene ( ~11,700 years ago ) , the rhine occupied its late-glacial valley .
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation .
tasks and privileges , which are possessed by the units of the second level of the territorial division – counties or powiats .
following the utilitarian principle of seeking the greatest good for the greatest number – economic inequality is problematic .
supplementary sources of european union law include case law by the court of justice , international law and general principles of european union law .
in china , the polymath shen kuo ( 1031–1095 ) formulated a hypothesis for the process of land formation : based on his observation of fossil animal shells in a geological stratum in a mountain hundreds of miles from the ocean , he inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by deposition of silt .
among his books are my inventions : the autobiography of nikola tesla , compiled and edited by ben johnston ; the fantastic inventions of nikola tesla , compiled and edited by david hatcher childress ; and the tesla papers .
of course , some complexity classes have complicated definitions that do not fit into this framework .
between the 1880s and world war ii , downtown fresno flourished , filled with electric street cars , and contained some of the san joaquin valley 's most beautiful architectural buildings .
the scotland act 1998 , which was passed by the parliament of the united kingdom and given royal assent by queen elizabeth ii on 19 november 1998 , governs the functions and role of the scottish parliament and delimits its legislative competence .
the presiding officer and deputies are elected by a secret ballot of the 129 msps , which is the only secret ballot conducted in the scottish parliament .
following the peterloo massacre of 1819 , poet percy shelley wrote the political poem the mask of anarchy later that year , that begins with the images of what he thought to be the unjust forms of authority of his time—and then imagines the stirrings of a new form of social action .
informal learning may be assisted by a teacher occupying a transient or ongoing role , such as a family member , or by anyone with knowledge or skills in the wider community setting .
the harvard university library system is centered in widener library in harvard yard and comprises nearly 80 individual libraries holding over 18 million volumes .
immune systems appear even in the structurally most simple forms of life , with bacteria using a unique defense mechanism , called the restriction modification system to protect themselves from viral pathogens , called bacteriophages .
similarly , algorithms can solve the np-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes in less than quadratic time and sat solvers routinely handle large instances of the np-complete boolean satisfiability problem .
between bearing six children , hans – june 1526 ; elizabeth – 10 december 1527 , who died within a few months ; magdalene – 1529 , who died in luther 's arms in 1542 ; martin – 1531 ; paul – january 1533 ; and margaret – 1534 ; katharina helped the couple earn a living by farming the land and taking in boarders .
shortly after the conquest , cyprus was sold to the knights templar and it was subsequently acquired , in 1192 , by guy de lusignan and became a stable feudal kingdom .
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas .
the premier is the public face of government and , with cabinet , sets the legislative and political agenda .
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower .
in the 1060s , robert crispin led the normans of edessa against the turks .
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations ( broadcasting either in analog or digital ) in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama ( wbma-ld ) , lima , ohio ( wlqp-lp ) and south bend , indiana ( wbnd-ld ) .
most hospital medications are unit-dose , or a single dose of medicine .
céloron 's expedition force consisted of about 200 troupes de la marine and 30 indians .
over the long-term , this trend increases the organic composition of capital , meaning that less workers are required in proportion to capital inputs , increasing unemployment ( the " reserve army of labour " ) .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
the issues of conflicting territorial claims between british and french colonies in north america were turned over to a commission to resolve , but it reached no decision .
somewhere around a billion years ago , a free-living cyanobacterium entered an early eukaryotic cell , either as food or as an internal parasite , but managed to escape the phagocytic vacuole it was contained in .
kqtv is licensed to st. joseph , missouri , which is designated by nielsen as a separate market from kansas city despite being located within 55 miles ( 89 km ) of one another , while wwsb and wotv serve areas that do not receive an adequate signal from their market 's primary abc affiliate ( in the case of wwsb , this dates back to when wtsp was tampa 's primary abc affiliate prior to 1994 , with the former being necessitated to serve the southern part of the tampa market including the station 's city of license , sarasota , due to wtsp 's transmitter being short-spaced to avoid interfering with the analog signal of miami affiliate wplg – which like wtsp , broadcast on vhf channel 10 ) .
in 1237 batu khan , a grandson of genghis khan , launched an invasion into kievan rus ' .
following the nice treaty , there was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the european union and make it more transparent ; this would have also produced a single constitutional document .
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
at state level , the parliament of victoria consists of the legislative assembly ( the lower house ) and the legislative council ( the upper house ) .
the implication that the style of lace known as 'bucks point ' demonstrates a huguenot influence , being a " combination of mechlin patterns on lille ground " , is fallacious : what is now known as mechlin lace did not develop until first half of the eighteenth century and lace with mechlin patterns and lille ground did not appear until the end of the 18th century , when it was widely copied throughout europe .
the impact of the technologies invented or envisioned by tesla is a recurring theme in several types of science fiction .
the alpine rhine begins in the most western part of the swiss canton of graubünden , and later forms the border between switzerland to the west and liechtenstein and later austria to the east .
the land was occupied by brompton park house , which was extended , most notably by the " brompton boilers " , which were starkly utilitarian iron galleries with a temporary look and were later dismantled and used to build the v & a museum of childhood .
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example .
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states .
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
on april 30 , 2000 , as a result of a carriage dispute with abc , time warner cable removed abc owned-and-operated stations from the cable provider 's systems in four markets ( wabc-tv in new york city , kabc-tv in los angeles , ktrk in houston and wtvd in raleigh-durham ) .
the essence is there are three readings , starting with a commission proposal , where the parliament must vote by a majority of all meps ( not just those present ) to block or suggest changes , and the council must vote by qualified majority to approve changes , but by unanimity to block commission amendment .
in 1972 , the new rules resulted in the company 's decision to split abc films into two separate companies : the existing worldvision enterprises , which would produce and distribute programming for u.s. syndication , and abc circle films as a production unit .
luther incorporated questions and answers in the catechism so that the basics of christian faith would not just be learned by rote , " the way monkeys do it " , but understood .
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot .
glaucophyte chloroplasts also contain concentric unstacked thylakoids , which surround a carboxysome - an icosahedral structure that glaucophyte chloroplasts and cyanobacteria keep their carbon fixation enzyme rubisco in .
in bays where they occur in very high numbers , predation by ctenophores may control the populations of small zooplanktonic organisms such as copepods , which might otherwise wipe out the phytoplankton ( planktonic plants ) , which are a vital part of marine food chains .
although the soviet response to such an act would likely not involve force , intelligence warned " the american occupation would need to last 10 years as the west developed alternative energy sources , and would result in the ‘ total alienation ’ of the arabs and much of the rest of the third world . "
it was however superseded by the british invention steam turbine where speed was required , for instance in warships , such as the dreadnought battleships , and ocean liners .
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " .
for csa metropolitan purposes , the five counties of los angeles , orange , riverside , san bernardino , and ventura are all combined to make up the greater los angeles area with over 17.5 million people .
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes .
before the apollo program began , wernher von braun and his team of rocket engineers had started work on plans for very large launch vehicles , the saturn series , and the even larger nova series .
abu al-rayhan al-biruni ( 973–1048 ce ) was one of the earliest persian geologists , whose works included the earliest writings on the geology of india , hypothesizing that the indian subcontinent was once a sea .
scientists have attempted to observe chloroplast replication via electron microscopy since the 1970s .
photosystem ii and photosystem i contain light-harvesting complexes with chlorophyll and carotenoids that absorb light energy and use it to energize electrons .
packets are normally forwarded by intermediate network nodes asynchronously using first-in , first-out buffering , but may be forwarded according to some scheduling discipline for fair queuing , traffic shaping , or for differentiated or guaranteed quality of service , such as weighted fair queuing or leaky bucket .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
spain ceded florida to the british in 1763 after the french and indian war , and the british soon constructed the king 's road connecting st. augustine to georgia .
in 1536 , he began to suffer from kidney and bladder stones , and arthritis , and an ear infection ruptured an ear drum .
the 8- and 10-county definitions are not used for the greater southern california megaregion , one of the 11 megaregions of the united states .
the alsace on the left banks of the upper rhine was sold to burgundy by archduke sigismund of austria in 1469 and eventually fell to france in the thirty years ' war .
to partially remedy the wealth gap and the resulting slow growth , s & p recommended increasing access to education .
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper .
their most distinctive feature is the ‘ combs ’ – groups of cilia which they use for swimming – they are the largest animals that swim by means of cilia .
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl .
warsaw was the beloved city of isaac bashevis singer , which he described in many of his novels : warsaw has just now been destroyed .
he believed early on that damage to the skin was not caused by the roentgen rays , but by the ozone generated in contact with the skin , and to a lesser extent , by nitrous acid .
while islamist political culture itself may not be democratic , islamists need democratic elections to maintain their legitimacy .
based on his industry experience on air force missile projects , mueller realized some skilled managers could be found among high-ranking officers in the united states air force , so he got webb 's permission to recruit general samuel c. phillips , who gained a reputation for his effective management of the minuteman program , as omsf program controller .
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class .
from 1525 to 1529 , he established a supervisory church body , laid down a new form of worship service , and wrote a clear summary of the new faith in the form of two catechisms .
newton , however , realized that since all celestial bodies followed the same laws of motion , his law of gravity had to be universal .
unlike confirmation and profession of faith , baptism is a sacrament in the umc .
after months of work , tesla fulfilled the task and inquired about payment .
primes are used in several routines in information technology , such as public-key cryptography , which makes use of properties such as the difficulty of factoring large numbers into their prime factors .
the policy regarding wholly owned international networks was revived in 2004 when on september 27 of that year , abc announced the launch of abc1 , a free-to-air channel in the united kingdom owned by the abc group .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
in some states such north carolina and new mexico these pharmacist clinicians are given collaborative prescriptive and diagnostic authority .
as a result , these disruptions can lead to an increase in chronic conditions such as heart disease , chronic pain , and asthma .
warsaw 's economy , by a wide variety of industries , is characterised by fmcg manufacturing , metal processing , steel and electronic manufacturing and food processing .
for instance , with low inequality a country with a growth rate of 2 % per head and 40 % of its population living in poverty , can halve poverty in ten years , but a country with high inequality would take nearly 60 years to achieve the same reduction .
other 16th- and 20th-century versifications of the lord 's prayer have adopted luther 's tune , although modern texts are considerably shorter .
following the death of braddock , william shirley assumed command of british forces in north america .
this is " adaptive " because it occurs during the lifetime of an individual as an adaptation to infection with that pathogen and prepares the immune system for future challenges .
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen .
since ~3000 yr bp ( = years before present ) , human impact is seen in the delta .
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship .
the racial makeup of the city was 50.2 % white , 8.4 % black or african american , 1.6 % native american , 11.2 % asian ( about a third of which is hmong ) , 0.1 % pacific islander , 23.4 % from other races , and 5.2 % from two or more races .
the yuan government used woodblocks to print paper money , but switched to bronze plates in 1275. the mongols experimented with establishing the chinese-style paper monetary system in mongol-controlled territories outside of china .
following the series revival in 2005 , derek jacobi provided the character 's re-introduction in the 2007 episode " utopia " .
they hold the uk 's biggest national collection of material about live performance in the uk since shakespeare 's day , covering drama , dance , musical theatre , circus , music hall , rock and pop , and most other forms of live entertainment .
whilst the first minister chooses the ministers – and may decide to remove them at any time – the formal appointment or dismissal is made by the sovereign .
hamas has continued to be a major player in palestine .
private schools in australia are always more expensive than their public counterparts .
sky+ hd material is broadcast using mpeg-4 and most of the hd material uses the dvb-s2 standard .
those involved with the design and execution of the infrastructure in question must consider zoning requirements , the environmental impact of the job , the successful scheduling , budgeting , construction-site safety , availability and transportation of building materials , logistics , inconvenience to the public caused by construction delays and bidding , etc .
european union law is a body of treaties and legislation , such as regulations and directives , which have direct effect or indirect effect on the laws of european union member states .
early ties were already visible in the " apologie " of william the silent , condemning the spanish inquisition , which was written by his court minister , the huguenot pierre l'oyseleur , lord of villiers .
the scotland act 1998 , which was passed by the parliament of the united kingdom and given royal assent by queen elizabeth ii on 19 november 1998 , governs the functions and role of the scottish parliament and delimits its legislative competence .
in the genus beroe the juveniles , like the adults , lack tentacles and tentacle sheaths .
in the georgian age there was increasing emphasis on entertainment and leisure .
the fort was destroyed in 1560 by the portuguese , who captured part of the huguenots .
recent findings near lake turkana indicate that hominids such as homo habilis ( 1.8 and 2.5 million years ago ) and homo erectus ( 1.8 million to 350,000 years ago ) are possible direct ancestors of modern homo sapiens , and lived in kenya in the pleistocene epoch .
unemployment can harm growth not only because it is a waste of resources , but also because it generates redistributive pressures and subsequent distortions , drives people to poverty , constrains liquidity limiting labor mobility , and erodes self-esteem promoting social dislocation , unrest and conflict .
the hawaiian islands , for example , consist almost entirely of layered basaltic lava flows .
a number of researchers ( david rodda , jacob vigdor , and janna matlack ) , argue that a shortage of affordable housing – at least in the us – is caused in part by income inequality .
one square millimeter of leaf tissue can contain half a million chloroplasts .
his father , milutin tesla , was a serbian orthodox priest .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
many of tesla 's writings are freely available on the web , including the article " the problem of increasing human energy , " published in the century magazine in 1900 , and the article " experiments with alternate currents of high potential and high frequency , " published in his book inventions , researches and writings of nikola tesla .
in 2012-2013 , the core classes at chicago were limited to 17 students , and are generally led by a full-time professor ( as opposed to a teaching assistant ) .
on june 16 , 2007 , abc began to phase in a new imaging campaign for the upcoming 2007–08 season , " start here " .
the standard industrial classification and the newer north american industry classification system have a classification system for companies that perform or otherwise engage in construction .
in conjunction , shirley was made aware that the french were massing for an attack on fort oswego in his absence when he planned to attack fort niagara .
( an earlier version of eyevision was last used in super bowl xxxv ; for super bowl 50 , the cameras were upgraded to 5k resolution . )
iqbal 's seven english lectures were published by oxford university press in 1934 in a book titled the reconstruction of religious thought in islam .
it was not until january 1518 that friends of luther translated the 95 theses from latin into german and printed and widely copied them , making the controversy one of the first in history to be aided by the printing press .
he strongly disputed the claim that freedom from god 's punishment for sin could be purchased with money .
the height of this persecution was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre when 5,000 to 30,000 were killed , although there were also underlying political reasons for this as well , as some of the huguenots were nobles trying to establish separate centers of power in southern france .
in january 2010 bskyb discontinued the sky+ box , limited the standard sky box to multiroom upgrade only and started to issue the sky+hd box as standard , thus giving all new subscribers the functions of sky+ .
in the philippines , the private sector has been a major provider of educational services , accounting for about 7.5 % of primary enrollment , 32 % of secondary enrollment and about 80 % of tertiary enrollment .
notable exceptions were : the daleks ' master plan , which aired in 12 episodes ( plus an earlier one-episode teaser , " mission to the unknown " , featuring none of the regular cast ) ; almost an entire season of seven-episode serials ( season 7 ) ; the 10-episode serial the war games ; and the trial of a time lord , which ran for 14 episodes ( albeit divided into three production codes and four narrative segments ) during season 23. occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy .
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north .
for its part , abc was on the verge of bankruptcy , with only five owned-and-operated stations and nine full-time affiliates .
only several hundred are greater than magnitude 3.0 , and only about 15–20 are greater than magnitude 4.0. the magnitude 6.7 1994 northridge earthquake was particularly destructive , causing a substantial number of deaths , injuries , and structural collapses .
this debate has proved difficult to resolve because the practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean that data sampling is biased away from the center of the amazon basin , and both explanations are reasonably well supported by the available data .
the restored video , remaining in black and white , contains conservative digital enhancements and did not include sound quality improvements .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms .
reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation .
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire .
bowman was the director of the american geographical society in 1914. three years later in 1917 , he was appointed to then president woodrow wilson 's inquiry in 1917. the inquiry was the idea of president wilson and the american delegation from the paris peace conference .
roman catholic theology stated that faith alone , whether fiduciary or dogmatic , can not justify man ; justification rather depends only on such faith as is active in charity and good works ( fides caritate formata ) .
both before and after the 1708 passage of the foreign protestants naturalization act , an estimated 50,000 protestant walloons and huguenots fled to england , with many moving on to ireland and elsewhere .
one of the key factors in the mix of the zaju variety show was the incorporation of poetry both classical and of the newer qu form .
immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections .
concentrated o 2 will allow combustion to proceed rapidly and energetically .
on 17 december 1941 , seven protestant regional church confederations issued a statement agreeing with the policy of forcing jews to wear the yellow badge , " since after his bitter experience luther had already suggested preventive measures against the jews and their expulsion from german territory . "
initially built with three layers , it later ( 1982 ) evolved into a seven-layer osi-compliant networking protocol .
the uniqueness in this theorem requires excluding 1 as a prime because one can include arbitrarily many instances of 1 in any factorization , e.g. , 3 , 1 · 3 , 1 · 1 · 3 , etc .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
government regulations have given private education more flexibility and autonomy in recent years , notably by lifting the moratorium on applications for new courses , new schools and conversions , by liberalizing tuition fee policy for private schools , by replacing values education for third and fourth years with english , mathematics and natural science at the option of the school , and by issuing the revised manual of regulations for private schools in august 1992 .
the centre-left australian labor party ( alp ) , the centre-right liberal party of australia , the rural-based national party of australia , and the environmentalist australian greens are victoria 's main political parties .
despite denver 's excellent field position , they could not get the ball into the end zone , so mcmanus kicked a 33-yard field goal that increased their lead to 13–7 .
nikola credited his eidetic memory and creative abilities to his mother 's genetics and influence .
since then , during glacial times , the river mouth was located offshore of brest , france and rivers , like the thames and the seine , became tributaries to the rhine .
it can require the commission respond to questions and by a two-thirds majority can censure the whole commission ( as happened to the santer commission in 1999 ) .
gold footballs were given to each high school that has had a player or coach appear in the super bowl , and " homecoming " events were also held by super bowl-winning teams at games .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
most of these events are centred on melbourne , but others occur in regional cities , such as the v8 supercars and australian motorcycle grand prix at phillip island , the grand annual steeplechase at warrnambool and the australian international airshow at geelong and numerous local festivals such as the popular port fairy folk festival , queenscliff music festival , bells beach surfclassic and the bright autumn festival .
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen .
these were bequeathed with over 18,000 books to the museum in 1876 by john forster .
the final major evolution of the steam engine design was the use of steam turbines starting in the late part of the 19th century .
it estimated that if the average united states worker had completed just one more year of school , it would add an additional $ 105 billion in growth to the country 's economy over five years .
islamism , also known as political islam ( arabic : إسلام سياسي‎ islām siyāsī ) , is an islamic revival movement often characterized by moral conservatism , literalism , and the attempt " to implement islamic values in all spheres of life . "
the plague repeatedly returned to haunt europe and the mediterranean throughout the 14th to 17th centuries .
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus .
the traditional visor helmet was replaced with a clear " fishbowl " type for greater visibility , and the lunar surface eva suit would include a water-cooled undergarment .
british imperialism often used the concept of terra nullius ( latin expression which stems from roman law meaning 'empty land ' ) .
kilbrandon published his report in 1973 recommending the establishment of a directly elected scottish assembly to legislate for the majority of domestic scottish affairs .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
the o 2 surrounding these other planets is produced solely by ultraviolet radiation impacting oxygen-containing molecules such as carbon dioxide .
the report , a two-page statement of the university 's policy in " social and political action , " declared that " to perform its mission in the society , a university must sustain an extraordinary environment of freedom of inquiry and maintain an independence from political fashions , passions , and pressures . "
the neighborhood of sunnyside is on fresno 's far southeast side , bounded by chestnut avenue to the west .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
the development of this fertile soil allowed agriculture and silviculture in the previously hostile environment ; meaning that large portions of the amazon rainforest are probably the result of centuries of human management , rather than naturally occurring as has previously been supposed .
tesla may have inadvertently captured an x-ray image—predating , by a few weeks , wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 announcement of the discovery of x-rays—when he tried to photograph mark twain illuminated by a geissler tube , an earlier type of gas discharge tube .
warsaw 's name in the polish language is warszawa , approximately /vɑːrˈʃɑːvə/ ( also formerly spelled warszewa and warszowa ) , meaning " belonging to warsz " , warsz being a shortened form of the masculine name of slavic origin warcisław ; see also etymology of wrocław .
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989. american composer john debney created a new arrangement of ron grainer 's original theme for doctor who in 1996. for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series .
in 1995 the factory was purchased by the south korean car manufacturer daewoo , which assembled the tico , espero , nubia , tacuma , leganza , lanos and matiz there for the european market .
most however have a reversing mechanism which additionally can provide means for saving steam as speed and momentum are gained by gradually " shortening the cutoff " or rather , shortening the admission event ; this in turn proportionately lengthens the expansion period .
kenya ( /ˈkɛnjə/ ; locally [ ˈkɛɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the republic of kenya , is a country in africa and a founding member of the east african community ( eac ) .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
in 1940 , the census bureau reported fresno 's population as 94.0 % white , 3.3 % black and 2.7 % asian .
in the 1630s about 7,000 out of 20,000 inhabitants of newcastle died of plague , more than one-third of the population .
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " .
the english channel , the irish channel and most of the north sea were dry land , mainly because sea level was approximately 120 m ( 390 ft ) lower than today .
[ ... ] for reason is the greatest enemy that faith has ; it never comes to the aid of spiritual things . "
the gorge is quite deep and is the stretch of the river which is known for its many castles and vineyards .
according to the 1901 census , out of 711,988 inhabitants 56.2 % were catholics , 35.7 % jews , 5 % greek orthodox christians and 2.8 % protestants .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
20th century fox , lionsgate , paramount pictures , universal studios and walt disney studios paid for movie trailers to be aired during the super bowl .
at present , the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to the north sea , through the former meuse estuary , near rotterdam .
economist joseph stiglitz argues that rather than explaining concentrations of wealth and income , market forces should serve as a brake on such concentration , which may better be explained by the non-market force known as " rent-seeking " .
prolonged breathing of an air mixture with an o 2 partial pressure more than 60 kpa can eventually lead to permanent pulmonary fibrosis .
the worst-case is when the input is sorted or sorted in reverse order , and the algorithm takes time o ( n2 ) for this case .
the left one is situated both on the moraine plateau ( 10 to 25 m ( 32.8 to 82.0 ft ) above vistula level ) and on the vistula terraces ( max .
as a result , the outcome of each division is known in seconds .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
the answer , from bryan davies was that the museum intended to preserve and care for the collection and keep it available to the public , with items being redistributed to the british galleries , the medieval & renaissance galleries , and the planned new galleries for furniture and europe 1600–1800 , and that the horniman museum and other institutions were possible candidates for loans of material to ensure that the instruments remained publicly viewable .
under the norman abbot robert de grantmesnil , several monks of saint-evroul fled to southern italy , where they were patronised by robert guiscard and established a latin monastery at sant'eufemia .
in 1817 the maling company , at one time the largest pottery company in the world , moved to the city .
at present , the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to the north sea , through the former meuse estuary , near rotterdam .
knowing that stalin was hostile to the idea of an independent poland , the polish government-in-exile in london gave orders to the underground home army ( ak ) to try to seize control of warsaw from the germans before the red army arrived .
a pharmacy technician in the uk is considered a health care professional and often does not work under the direct supervision of a pharmacist ( if employed in a hospital pharmacy ) but instead is supervised and managed by other senior pharmacy technicians .
north american aviation won the contract to build the csm , and also the second stage of the saturn v launch vehicle for nasa .
the rhine is the longest river in germany .
upper and lower bounds are usually stated using the big o notation , which hides constant factors and smaller terms .
co-teaching is defined as two or more teachers working harmoniously to fulfill the needs of every student in the classroom .
basic formal education starts at age six years and lasts 12 years comprising eight years in primary school and four years in high school or secondary school .
his poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments .
in september 1958 , bank of america launched a new product called bankamericard in fresno .
underbids happen when builders ask for too little money to complete the project .
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " .
the availability of the bible in vernacular languages was important to the spread of the protestant movement and development of the reformed church in france .
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements .
the resulting report , published in 1945 , was one of the most influential manifestos in the history of american education in the 20th century .
chloroplasts , like mitochondria , contain their own dna , which is thought to be inherited from their ancestor—a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell .
informal learning may be assisted by a teacher occupying a transient or ongoing role , such as a family member , or by anyone with knowledge or skills in the wider community setting .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach .
it was in this place in tours that the prétendus réformés ( " these supposedly 'reformed ' " ) habitually gathered at night , both for political purposes , and for prayer and singing psalms .
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day .
from their original homelands in scandinavia and northern europe , germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western europe in the middle period of classical antiquity ; southern europe in late antiquity , conquering celtic and other peoples ; and by 800 ce , forming the holy roman empire , the first german empire .
the grainger market architecture , like most in grainger town , which are either grade i or ii listed , was listed grade i in 1954 by english heritage .
virgin media has claimed that other hd channels were " locked up " or otherwise withheld from their platform , although virgin media did in fact have an option to carry channel 4 hd in the future .
not until 1798 was henry cavendish able to make the first measurement of using a torsion balance ; this was widely reported in the press as a measurement of the mass of the earth since knowing could allow one to solve for the earth 's mass given the above equation .
honorary freemen include bob geldof , king harald v of norway , bobby robson , alan shearer , the late nelson mandela and the royal shakespeare company .
one of the things tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887 was an induction motor that ran on alternating current , a power system format that was starting to be built in europe and the united states because of its advantages in long-distance , high-voltage transmission .
in 2010 , peter davison , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and paul mcgann came together again to star in the audio drama the four doctors .
a reduction is a transformation of one problem into another problem .
the people of these climates were believed to be in need of guidance and intervention from the european empire to aid in the governing of a more evolved social structure ; they were seen as incapable of such a feat .
however , inalchuq , the governor of the khwarezmian city of otrar , attacked the caravan that came from mongolia , claiming that the caravan contained spies and therefore was a conspiracy against khwarezmia .
in 1998 , the metropolitan police authority filed an objection to the trade mark claim ; but in 2002 , the patent office ruled in favour of the bbc .
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " .
by 1985 , the average american vehicle moved 17.4 miles per gallon , compared to 13.5 in 1970. the improvements stayed even though the price of a barrel of oil remained constant at $ 12 from 1974 to 1979. sales of large sedans for most makes ( except chrysler products ) recovered within two model years of the 1973 crisis .
while many commute to l.a. and orange counties , there are some differences in development , as most of san bernardino and riverside counties ( the non-desert portions ) were developed in the 1980s and 1990s .
tesla advised adams that a two-phased system would be the most reliable and that there was a westinghouse system to light incandescent bulbs using two-phase alternating current .
tesla would telephone his dinner order to the headwaiter , who also could be the only one to serve him .
unarmed jews gathered in the streets to prevent the installation of pagan images in the temple in jerusalem .
a user or host could call a host on a foreign network by including the dnic of the remote network as part of the destination address .
in the united states , the industry in 2014 has around $ 960 billion in annual revenue according to statistics tracked by the census bureau , of which $ 680 billion is private ( split evenly between residential and nonresidential ) and the remainder is government .
it concludes that the forest is on the brink of being turned into savanna or desert , with catastrophic consequences for the world 's climate .
except in the smallest of boilers the steam escape has little effect on dampening the fire .
plants have two main immune responses—the hypersensitive response , in which infected cells seal themselves off and undergo programmed cell death , and systemic acquired resistance , where infected cells release signals warning the rest of the plant of a pathogen 's presence .
at the launch in march 2013 , the secretary of the ministry of planning , national development and vision 2030 emphasised that climate will be a central issue in the renewed medium term plan that will be launched in the coming months .
in 2015 , pew research estimated that 3.6 % of the u.s population , or 9 million adult adherents , self-identify with the united methodist church revealing a much larger number of adherents than registered membership .
northern rail provides local and regional services .
although the vote was 51.6 % in favour of a scottish assembly , this figure did not equal the 40 % of the total electorate threshold deemed necessary to pass the measure , as 32.9 % of the eligible voting population did not , or had been unable to , vote .
they ended up using a dc traction motor instead .
virgin media ( re-branded in 2007 from ntl : telewest ) started to offer a high-definition television ( hdtv ) capable set top box , although from 30 november 2006 until 30 july 2009 it only carried one linear hd channel , bbc hd , after the conclusion of the itv hd trial .
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly .
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " .
the rhine-meuse delta is a tidal delta , shaped not only by the sedimentation of the rivers , but also by tidal currents .
in his theses and disputations against the antinomians , luther reviews and reaffirms , on the one hand , what has been called the " second use of the law , " that is , the law as the holy spirit 's tool to work sorrow over sin in man 's heart , thus preparing him for christ 's fulfillment of the law offered in the gospel .
japanese imports became mass-market leaders with unibody construction and front-wheel drive , which became de facto standards .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
some disagree with such double or triple non-french linguistic origins , arguing that for the word to have spread into common use in france , it must have originated in the french language .
the ohio country was particularly vulnerable to legal and illegal settlement due to the construction of military roads to the area by braddock and forbes .
in fact , most eu law is applied by member state courts ( the english court of appeal , the german bundesgerichtshof , the belgian cour du travail , etc . )
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities .
concepts of this network influenced later arpanet architecture .
the united methodist church is the largest denomination within the wider methodist movement , which has approximately 80 million adherents across the world .
as a result of the american revolution , john wesley was compelled in 1784 to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters , thomas vasey and richard whatcoat .
complexity measures are very generally defined by the blum complexity axioms .
the mid 1890s saw the conglomerate general electric , backed by financier j. p. morgan , involved in takeover attempts and patent battles with westinghouse electric .
the brotherhood has suffered periodic repression in egypt and has been banned several times , in 1948 and several years later following confrontations with egyptian president gamal abdul nasser , who jailed thousands of members for several years .
warsaw ’ s municipal government authorities have decided to rebuild the saxon palace and the brühl palace , the most distinctive buildings in prewar warsaw .
by 1971 , the decision was made to also cancel missions 18 and 19. the two unused saturn vs became museum exhibits at the john f. kennedy space center on merritt island , florida , george c. marshall space center in huntsville , alabama , michoud assembly facility in new orleans , louisiana , and lyndon b. johnson space center in houston , texas .
chris keates , the general secretary of national association of schoolmasters union of women teachers , said that teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent should not be placed on the sex offenders register and that prosecution for statutory rape " is a real anomaly in the law that we are concerned about . "
the logo for the twelfth doctor had the " dw " tardis insignia removed and the font was subtly altered , as well as made slightly larger .
richard allen and absalom jones became the first african americans ordained by the methodist church .
in november , genghis laid siege to the tangut city lingzhou and crossed the yellow river , defeating the tangut relief army .
notably , in 2013 , john hurt guest-starred as a hitherto unknown incarnation of the doctor known as the war doctor in the run-up to the show 's 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " .
many families , today mostly afrikaans-speaking , have surnames indicating their french huguenot ancestry .
numerous non-fiction books about the series , including guidebooks and critical studies , have also been published , and a dedicated doctor who magazine with newsstand circulation has been published regularly since 1979. this is published by panini , as is the doctor who adventures magazine for younger fans .
luther based his order on the catholic service but omitted " everything that smacks of sacrifice " ; and the mass became a celebration where everyone received the wine as well as the bread .
legrande writes that " the formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is extremely difficult , if not impossible .
aken also made his first tv appearance playing guitar on the old country-western show at the fresno barn .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
cbc began airing series two on 9 october 2006 at 20:00 e/p ( 20:30 in newfoundland and labrador ) , shortly after that day 's cfl double header on thanksgiving in most of the country .
major events also play a big part in tourism in victoria , particularly cultural tourism and sports tourism .
this was a general assembly of the estates of the holy roman empire that took place in worms , a town on the rhine .
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " .
this term describes cells with low levels of a cell-surface marker called mhc i ( major histocompatibility complex ) – a situation that can arise in viral infections of host cells .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
the best algorithm for this problem , due to laszlo babai and eugene luks has run time 2o ( √ ( n log ( n ) ) ) for graphs with n vertices .
the social charter was subsequently adopted in 1989 by 11 of the then 12 member states .
the reverend alexander dyce was another benefactor of the library , leaving over 14,000 books to the museum in 1869. amongst the books he collected are early editions in greek and latin of the poets and playwrights aeschylus , aristotle , homer , livy , ovid , pindar , sophocles and virgil .
the 1979 scottish devolution referendum to establish a devolved scottish assembly failed .
in 1564 a group of norman huguenots under the leadership of jean ribault established the small colony of fort caroline on the banks of the st. johns river in what is today jacksonville , florida .
using statistics from 23 developed countries and the 50 states of the us , they found social/health problems lower in countries like japan and finland and states like utah and new hampshire with high levels of equality , than in countries ( us and uk ) and states ( mississippi and new york ) with large differences in household income .
unlike animals , plants lack phagocytic cells , but many plant immune responses involve systemic chemical signals that are sent through a plant .
aken , adopted by mexican movie actress lupe mayorga , grew up in the neighboring town of madera and his song chronicled the hardships faced by the migrant farm workers he saw as a child .
within a few months , the budapest telephone exchange became functional and tesla was allocated the chief electrician position .
watt 's original low-pressure designs were able to deliver duty as high as 25 million , but averaged about 17. this was a three-fold improvement over the average newcomen design .
britain 's imperialist ambitions can be seen as early as the sixteenth century .
mnemiopsis populations in those areas were eventually brought under control by the accidental introduction of the mnemiopsis-eating north american ctenophore beroe ovata , and by a cooling of the local climate from 1991 to 1993 , which significantly slowed the animal 's metabolism .
he continued to work on refining the translation until the end of his life .
the total number of upper house members was reduced from 44 to 40 and their term of office is now the same as the lower house members—four years .
an amnesty granted in 1573 pardoned the perpetrators .
in much of the u.s. south , many white students migrated to the academies , while public schools became in turn more heavily concentrated with african-american students ( see list of private schools in mississippi ) .
he expanded on the signals he heard in a 9 february 1901 collier 's weekly article " talking with planets " where he said it had not been immediately apparent to him that he was hearing " intelligently controlled signals " and that the signals could come from mars , venus , or other planets .
according to the second law of thermodynamics , nonconservative forces necessarily result in energy transformations within closed systems from ordered to more random conditions as entropy increases .
politically , victoria has 37 seats in the australian house of representatives and 12 seats in the australian senate .
the act delineates the legislative competence of the parliament – the areas in which it can make laws – by explicitly specifying powers that are " reserved " to the parliament of the united kingdom .
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started .
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns .
the melbourne cricket ground is the largest stadium in australia , and the host of the 1956 summer olympics and the 2006 commonwealth games .
legislative power is vested in both the government and the national assembly and the senate .
for example , joseph haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the lebanon , new hampshire city councilors stating , " wise up or die . "
organizational interventions , like changing teachers ' schedules , providing support networks and mentoring , changing the work environment , and offering promotions and bonuses , may be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers .
he explained his concept of " justification " in the smalcald articles :
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns .
according to goldenson , this meant that an hour of abc programming reported five times lower viewership than its competitors .
since pharmacists know about the mode of action of a particular drug , and its metabolism and physiological effects on the human body in great detail , they play an important role in optimisation of a drug treatment for an individual .
after several battles , jamukha was finally turned over to temüjin by his own men in 1206 .
it is perhaps the first modern [ vague ] statement of the principle of nonviolent protest .
the john w. weeks bridge is a pedestrian bridge over the charles river connecting both campuses .
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time .
wbt will also simulcast the game on its sister station wbt-fm ( 99.3 fm ) , which is based in chester , south carolina .
the tech coast is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region 's diversified technology and industrial base as well as its multitude of prestigious and world-renowned research universities and other public and private institutions .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
one of the things tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887 was an induction motor that ran on alternating current , a power system format that was starting to be built in europe and the united states because of its advantages in long-distance , high-voltage transmission .
oxygen , as a supposed mild euphoric , has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars and in sports .
the cjeu 's duty is to " ensure that in the interpretation and application of the treaties the law is observed " , although realistically it has the ability to expand and develop the law according to the principles it deems to be appropriate .
he helped bring about ideas for many series including happy days ( which originated as a segment on the anthology series love , american style ) , as well as several soap operas ; however , eisner 's main credit at abc was for developing youth-oriented programming .
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 .
the university now owns approximately fifty percent more land in allston than in cambridge .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
some are simultaneous hermaphrodites , which can produce both eggs and sperm at the same time .
numerical models work in the same way as these analog models , though they are often more sophisticated and can include patterns of erosion and uplift in the mountain belt .
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest .
by working alongside the authorities to restore public order , he signalled his reinvention as a conservative force within the reformation .
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities .
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits .
victoria contains many topographically , geologically and climatically diverse areas , ranging from the wet , temperate climate of gippsland in the southeast to the snow-covered victorian alpine areas which rise to almost 2,000 m ( 6,600 ft ) , with mount bogong the highest peak at 1,986 m ( 6,516 ft ) .
in his work pneumatica , philo observed that inverting a vessel over a burning candle and surrounding the vessel 's neck with water resulted in some water rising into the neck .
computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty , and relating those classes to each other .
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines .
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick .
salaries for nursery , primary and secondary school teachers ranged from £20,133 to £41,004 in september 2007 , although some salaries can go much higher depending on experience and extra responsibilities .
by connecting the same string multiple times to the same object through the use of a set-up that uses movable pulleys , the tension force on a load can be multiplied .
in 1640 pierre de fermat stated ( without proof ) fermat 's little theorem ( later proved by leibniz and euler ) .
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible .
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly .
the sedimentary rock can then be subsequently turned into a metamorphic rock due to heat and pressure and is then weathered , eroded , deposited , and lithified , ultimately becoming a sedimentary rock .
exceptional examples of the bourgeois architecture of the later periods were not restored by the communist authorities after the war ( like mentioned kronenberg palace and insurance company rosja building ) or they were rebuilt in socialist realism style ( like warsaw philharmony edifice originally inspired by palais garnier in paris ) .
the other three are located in a residential neighborhood half a mile northwest of the yard at the quadrangle ( commonly referred to as the quad ) , which formerly housed radcliffe college students until radcliffe merged its residential system with harvard .
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku .
he started teaching in rotterdam , where he finished writing and publishing his multi-volume masterpiece , historical and critical dictionary .
the only story from the original series in which the doctor travels alone is the deadly assassin .
the mongol empire did not emphasize the importance of ethnicity and race in the administrative realm , instead adopting an approach grounded in meritocracy .
however , in 1883–84 germany began to build a colonial empire in africa and the south pacific , before losing interest in imperialism .
the commission focused on identity and unity , which were critical issues at the time .
as indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation and ecocide , such as in the peruvian amazon indigenous peoples ' rainforest communities continue to disappear , while others , like the urarina continue to struggle to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories .
from these bases , the normans eventually captured sicily and malta from the saracens , under the leadership of the famous robert guiscard , a hauteville , and his younger brother roger the great count .
during the english civil war , the north declared for the king .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
there are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end , and are spaced evenly round the body .
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm .
doctor who books have been published from the mid-sixties through to the present day .
all clergy appointments are made and fixed annually by the resident bishop on the advice of the annual conference cabinet , which is composed of the area provost/dean ( if one is appointed ) and the several district superintendents of the districts of the annual conference .
it can waste up to half the carbon fixed by the calvin cycle .
according to geographic scholars under colonizing empires , the world could be split into climatic zones .
the procedure continues until the building is ready to occupy .
despite their soft , gelatinous bodies , fossils thought to represent ctenophores , apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms , have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early cambrian , about 515 million years ago .
trade liberalization may shift economic inequality from a global to a domestic scale .
amongst these include 5 university of california campuses ( irvine , los angeles , riverside , santa barbara , and san diego ) ; 12 california state university campuses ( bakersfield , channel islands , dominguez hills , fullerton , los angeles , long beach , northridge , pomona , san bernardino , san diego , san marcos , and san luis obispo ) ; and private institutions such as the california institute of technology , chapman university , the claremont colleges ( claremont mckenna college , harvey mudd college , pitzer college , pomona college , and scripps college ) , loma linda university , loyola marymount university , occidental college , pepperdine university , university of redlands , university of san diego , and the university of southern california .
it is said that they landed on the coastline peninsula of davenports neck called " bauffet 's point " after traveling from england where they had previously taken refuge on account of religious persecution , four years before the revocation of the edict of nantes .
fresno became an incorporated city in 1885. by 1931 the fresno traction company operated 47 streetcars over 49 miles of track .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
the presiding officer and deputies are elected by a secret ballot of the 129 msps , which is the only secret ballot conducted in the scottish parliament .
the first building to be erected that still forms part of the museum was the sheepshanks gallery in 1857 on the eastern side of the garden .
tesla was renowned for his achievements and showmanship , eventually earning him a reputation in popular culture as an archetypal " mad scientist " .
abc currently holds the broadcast rights to the academy awards , emmy awards ( which are rotated across all four major networks on a year-to-year basis ) , american music awards , disney parks christmas day parade , tournament of roses parade , country music association awards and the cma music festival .
general relativity offers an equivalence between space-time and mass , but lacking a coherent theory of quantum gravity , it is unclear as to how or whether this connection is relevant on microscales .
trained as a lawyer he chose the profession of journalism , and wrote about contemporary issues and most importantly about islam and islamic law .
in july 1968 , abc continued its acquisitions in the amusement parks sector with the opening of abc marine world in redwood city , california ; that park was sold in 1972 and demolished in 1986 , with the land that occupied the park later becoming home to the headquarters of oracle corporation .
different ways to teach are often referred to as pedagogy .
armstrong and aldrin performed the first landing at the sea of tranquility at 20:17:40 utc on july 20 , 1969. they spent a total of 21 hours , 36 minutes on the surface , and spent 2 hours , 31 minutes outside the spacecraft , walking on the surface , taking photographs , collecting material samples , and deploying automated scientific instruments , while continuously sending black-and-white television back to earth .
the presiding officer also represents the scottish parliament at home and abroad in an official capacity .
in the helical thylakoid model , grana consist of a stack of flattened circular granal thylakoids that resemble pancakes .
the city still contains many theatres .
the fresno fairgrounds was also utilized as an assembly center .
galileo concluded that motion in a constant velocity was completely equivalent to rest .
while this effort has by no means converted all , or even most muslims to the wahhabist interpretation of islam , it has done much to overwhelm more moderate local interpretations , and has set the saudi-interpretation of islam as the " gold standard " of religion in minds of some or many muslims .
steven r. ward wrote that " overall , the mongol violence and depredations killed up to three-fourths of the population of the iranian plateau , possibly 10 to 15 million people .
a progressive tax is a tax by which the tax rate increases as the taxable base amount increases .
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense .
pharmacy informatics is the combination of pharmacy practice science and applied information science .
tesla wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals .
on 17 april 1879 , milutin tesla died at the age of 60 after contracting an unspecified illness ( although some sources say that he died of a stroke ) .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
although the famous mughal emperors were proud descendants of genghis khan and particularly timur , they clearly distanced themselves from the mongol atrocities committed against the khwarizim shahs , turks , persians , the citizens of baghdad and damascus , nishapur , bukhara and historical figures such as attar of nishapur and many other notable muslims .
in 2006 tatiana kuplich organized the trees of the amazon into four categories : ( 1 ) mature forest , ( 2 ) regenerating forest [ less than three years ] , ( 3 ) regenerating forest [ between three and five years of regrowth ] , and ( 4 ) regenerating forest [ eleven to eighteen years of continued development ] .
petrologists can also use fluid inclusion data and perform high temperature and pressure physical experiments to understand the temperatures and pressures at which different mineral phases appear , and how they change through igneous and metamorphic processes .
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast .
the 2007 lisbon treaty explicitly recognised fundamental rights by providing in article 6 ( 1 ) that " the union recognises the rights , freedoms and principles set out in the charter of fundamental rights of the european union of 7 december 2000 , as adopted at strasbourg on 12 december 2007 , which shall have the same legal value as the treaties . "
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs .
luther 's other major works on the jews were his 60,000-word treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) , and vom schem hamphoras und vom geschlecht christi ( on the holy name and the lineage of christ ) , both published in 1543 , three years before his death .
in canada , pharmacists in certain provinces have limited prescribing rights ( as in alberta and british columbia ) or are remunerated by their provincial government for expanded services such as medications reviews ( medschecks in ontario ) .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
houghton has stressed that the spm is agreed upon by delegates from many of the world 's governments , and that any changes to the spm must be supported by scientific evidence .
luther 's other major works on the jews were his 60,000-word treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) , and vom schem hamphoras und vom geschlecht christi ( on the holy name and the lineage of christ ) , both published in 1543 , three years before his death .
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states .
the 1973 oil crisis began in october 1973 when the members of the organization of arab petroleum exporting countries ( oapec , consisting of the arab members of opec plus egypt and syria ) proclaimed an oil embargo .
the empire 's expansion continued for a generation or more after genghis 's death in 1227. under genghis 's successor ögedei khan the speed of expansion reached its peak .
in 1749 the british government gave land to the ohio company of virginia for the purpose of developing trade and settlements in the ohio country .
instead , the jin commander sent a messenger , ming-tan , to the mongol side , who defected and told the mongols that the jin army was waiting on the other side of the pass .
newcastle mela , held on the late august bank holiday weekend , is an annual two-day multicultural event , blending drama , music and food from punjabi , pakistani , bengali and hindu cultures .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
persons who are addicted to pornography are physiologically altered , as is their perspective , relationships with parishioners and family , and their perceptions of girls and women . "
the earliest of these featured the fifth , sixth and seventh doctors , with paul mcgann 's eight doctor joining the line in 2001. tom baker 's fourth doctor began appearing for big finish in 2012. along with the main range , adventures of the first , second and third doctors have been produced in both limited cast and full cast formats , as well as audiobooks .
deacons give leadership , preach the word , contribute in worship , conduct marriages , bury the dead , and aid the church in embodying its mission within the world .
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population .
among his criticisms , lindzen has stated that the wgi summary for policymakers ( spm ) does not faithfully summarize the full wgi report .
chloroplasts can not be made by the plant cell and must be inherited by each daughter cell during cell division .
depending on the water level , this flow of the rhine water is clearly visible along the entire length of the lake .
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy .
second , as a person ages the skin becomes less adept at producing vitamin d .
as cellular signals , reactive oxygen species are unstable molecules , so they probably do n't leave the chloroplast , but instead pass on their signal to an unknown second messenger molecule .
plotting the relationship between level of income and inequality , kuznets saw middle-income developing economies level of inequality bulging out to form what is now known as the kuznets curve .
temüjin was probably born in 1162 in delüün boldog , near burkhan khaldun mountain and the onon and kherlen rivers in modern-day northern mongolia , not far from the current capital ulaanbaatar .
as of 2004 , an estimated 32,463 farms occupied around 136,000 square kilometres ( 52,500 sq mi ) of victorian land .
the dominant economic sectors in the middle rhine area are viniculture and tourism .
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves .
the official city name in full is miasto stołeczne warszawa ( english : " the capital city of warsaw " ) .
this internal form of empire has been referred to as " internal colonialism " .
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
the discharge of the rhine is divided among three branches : the river waal ( 6/9 of total discharge ) , the river nederrijn – lek ( 2/9 of total discharge ) and the river ijssel ( 1/9 of total discharge ) .
he said , " i lost touch with christ the savior and comforter , and made of him the jailer and hangman of my poor soul . "
in 1891 scottish chemist james dewar was able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study .
proper safety equipment such as harnesses and guardrails and procedures such as securing ladders and inspecting scaffolding can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry .
oxygen is the oxidant , not the fuel , but nevertheless the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion .
the owner selects the ideas he or she likes best and hires the appropriate contractor .
han chinese were moved to central asian areas like besh baliq , almaliq , and samarqand by the mongols where they worked as artisans and farmers .
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden .
though chopin was born in the village of żelazowa wola , about 60 km ( 37 mi ) from warsaw , he moved to the city with his family when he was seven months old .
likewise , newton 's second law of motion can be used to derive an analogous equation for the instantaneous angular acceleration of the rigid body :
by january 18 , 1974 , us secretary of state henry kissinger had negotiated an israeli troop withdrawal from parts of the sinai peninsula .
kenya ( /ˈkɛnjə/ ; locally [ ˈkɛɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the republic of kenya , is a country in africa and a founding member of the east african community ( eac ) .
on 28 february 2008 , kibaki and odinga signed an agreement on the formation of a coalition government in which odinga would become kenya 's second prime minister .
the immune system is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease .
one of competing model for cpdna replication asserts that most cpdna is linear and participates in homologous recombination and replication structures similar to bacteriophage t4 .
in honor of the 50th super bowl , the pregame ceremony featured the on-field introduction of 39 of the 43 previous super bowl most valuable players .
in favorable circumstances , ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day .
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche .
during its original run , it was recognised for its imaginative stories , creative low-budget special effects , and pioneering use of electronic music ( originally produced by the bbc radiophonic workshop ) .
immune systems appear even in the structurally most simple forms of life , with bacteria using a unique defense mechanism , called the restriction modification system to protect themselves from viral pathogens , called bacteriophages .
to fix carbon dioxide into sugar molecules in the process of photosynthesis , chloroplasts use an enzyme called rubisco .
the v & a covers 12.5 acres ( 51,000 m2 ) and 145 galleries .
hence ctenophores and cnidarians have traditionally been labelled diploblastic , along with sponges .
abc 's flagship productions at the time were the lone ranger , based on the radio program of the same title , and the adventures of ozzie and harriet , the latter of which ( at 13 seasons , running from 1952 to 1965 ) held the record for the longest-running prime time comedy in u.s. television history , until it was surpassed by the simpsons in 2002 .
he was supposedly killed with poison by el temür , and tugh temür then remounted the throne .
the result leads to even greater inequality and potential economic instability .
college sports are also popular in southern california .
in addition , they perform analog and numerical experiments of rock deformation in large and small settings .
as of 2012 [ update ] , harvard university had a total financial aid reserve of $ 159 million for students , and a pell grant reserve of $ 4.093 million available for disbursement .
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines .
this means , legislation can be blocked by a majority in parliament , a minority in the council , and a majority in the commission : it is harder to change eu law than stay the same .
the ipcc panel is composed of representatives appointed by governments and organizations .
after a troubled gestation during which its creator resigned , bankamericard went on to become the first successful credit card ; that is , a financial instrument that was usable across a large number of merchants and also allowed cardholders to revolve a balance ( earlier financial products could do one or the other but not both ) .
in 1972 , almost all episodes then made were known to exist at the bbc , while by 1978 the practice of wiping tapes and destroying " spare " film copies had been brought to a stop .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
for the next three hundred years , scotland was directly governed by the parliament of great britain and the subsequent parliament of the united kingdom , both seated at westminster , and the lack of a parliament of scotland remained an important element in scottish national identity .
( an earlier version of eyevision was last used in super bowl xxxv ; for super bowl 50 , the cameras were upgraded to 5k resolution . )
over 10 % of swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008. sweden is internationally known for this innovative school voucher model that provides swedish pupils with the opportunity to choose the school they prefer .
the church also holds that they " are equally bound to respect the sacredness of the life and well-being of the mother , for whom devastating damage may result from an unacceptable pregnancy .
luther and his colleagues introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the electorate of saxony , which began in 1527. they also assessed the standard of pastoral care and christian education in the territory .
there are a set of beautiful inlaid doors , dated 1580 from antwerp city hall , attributed to hans vredeman de vries .
almost all ctenophores are predators – there are no vegetarians and only one genus that is partly parasitic .
some scholars have asserted that luther taught that faith and reason were antithetical in the sense that questions of faith could not be illuminated by reason .
contracts that set out clear expectations and clear paths to accomplishing those expectations are far more likely to result in the project flowing smoothly , whereas poorly drafted contracts lead to confusion and collapse .
according to politifact the top 400 richest americans " have more wealth than half of all americans combined . "
when the state is divided into two areas ( northern and southern california ) , the term " southern california " usually refers to the ten southern-most counties of the state .
in this arrangement , the architect or engineer acts as the project coordinator .
examples of non-peer-reviewed sources include model results , reports from government agencies and non-governmental organizations , and industry journals .
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030. in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight .
secondary sources include regulations and directives which are based on the treaties .
abc , meanwhile , remained in third place and still needed money to grow itself into a major competitor .
the codex consists of three parchment-bound manuscripts , forster i , forster ii , and forster iii , quite small in size , dated between 1490 and 1505. their contents include a large collection of sketches and references to the equestrian sculpture commissioned by the duke of milan ludovico sforza to commemorate his father francesco sforza .
secondly , aspirational consumption describes the process of middle income earners aspiring to achieve the standards of living enjoyed by their wealthier counterparts and one method of achieving this aspiration is by taking on debt .
7 to 10 percent of american physicians practices reportedly dispense drugs on their own .
where it was once the case that pharmacists stayed within the dispensary compounding/dispensing medications , there has been an increasing trend towards the use of trained pharmacy technicians while the pharmacist spends more time communicating with patients .
spanish moss at a nearby mattress factory was quickly engulfed in flames and enabling the fire to spread rapidly .
the łazienki park covers the area of 76 ha .
on 1 july 1851 , writs were issued for the election of the first victorian legislative council , and the absolute independence of victoria from new south wales was established proclaiming a new colony of victoria .
nor is such a usage of culture recent , as part of roman imperialism local elites would be exposed to the benefits and luxuries of roman culture and lifestyle , with the aim that they would then become willing participants .
he lit electric lamps wirelessly at both locations , demonstrating the potential of wireless power transmission .
i feel i did the right thing by violating this particular law ; i am guilty as charged , " but that pleading not guilty sends a message of , " guilt implies wrong-doing .
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 .
epoxides are ethers in which the oxygen atom is part of a ring of three atoms .
the main sources of primary law are the treaties establishing the european union .
warsaw remained the capital of the polish–lithuanian commonwealth until 1796 , when it was annexed by the kingdom of prussia to become the capital of the province of south prussia .
the university 's competitive model united nations team was the top ranked team in north america in 2013-14 and 2014-2015. among notable rsos are the nation 's longest continuously running student film society doc films , organizing committee for the university of chicago scavenger hunt , the twice-weekly student newspaper the chicago maroon , the alternative weekly student newspaper south side weekly , the nation 's second oldest continuously running student improvisational theater troupe off-off campus , and the university-owned radio station whpk .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
with modern insights into quantum mechanics and technology that can accelerate particles close to the speed of light , particle physics has devised a standard model to describe forces between particles smaller than atoms .
the last glacial ran from ~74,000 ( bp = before present ) , until the end of the pleistocene ( ~11,600 bp ) .
for the purposes of parliamentary sovereignty , the parliament of the united kingdom at westminster continues to constitute the supreme legislature of scotland .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
the phrase retains this association with doctor who , to the point that in 1991 the museum of the moving image in london named their exhibition celebrating the programme " behind the sofa " .
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds .
on 15 june 1520 , the pope warned luther with the papal bull ( edict ) exsurge domine that he risked excommunication unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings , including the 95 theses , within 60 days .
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event .
while a child was in school , a teacher was expected to act as a substitute parent , with all the normal forms of parental discipline open to them .
the cestida ( " belt animals " ) are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals , with the mouth and aboral organ aligned in the middle of opposite edges of the ribbon .
besides , within the city borders , there are also : pole mokotowskie ( a big park in the northern mokotów , where was the first horse racetrack and then the airport ) , park ujazdowski ( close to the sejm and john lennon street ) , park of culture and rest in powsin , by the southern city border , park skaryszewski by the right vistula bank , in praga .
the combination of hermaphroditism and early reproduction enables small populations to grow at an explosive rate .
the collection of middle eastern and persian rugs and carpets is amongst the finest in the world , many were part of the salting bequest of 1909. examples of tile work from various buildings including a fireplace dated 1731 from istanbul made of intricately decorated blue and white tiles and turquoise tiles from the exterior of buildings from samarkand are also displayed .
there were 12,843 ( 8.1 % ) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships , and 1,388 ( 0.9 % ) same-sex married couples or partnerships .
islamist movements such as the muslim brotherhood , " are well known for providing shelters , educational assistance , free or low cost medical clinics , housing assistance to students from out of town , student advisory groups , facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands , legal assistance , sports facilities , and women 's groups . "
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923. during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa .
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school .
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city .
on may 1 , 1953 , abc 's new york city flagship stations – wjz , wjz-fm and wjz-tv – changed their respective callsigns to wabc , wabc-fm and wabc-tv , and moved their operations to facilities at 7 west 66th street , one block away from central park .
on april 29 , 1961 , abc debuted wide world of sports , an anthology series created by edgar scherick through his company sports programs , inc. and produced by a young roone arledge which featured a different sporting event each broadcast .
torque is the rotation equivalent of force in the same way that angle is the rotational equivalent for position , angular velocity for velocity , and angular momentum for momentum .
as part of the agreements , both bskyb and virgin media agreed to terminate all high court proceedings against each other relating to the carriage of their respective basic channels .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
this stage comprises two parts : consideration of amendments to the bill as a general debate , and a final vote on the bill .
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma .
however , already in quantum mechanics there is one " caveat " , namely the particles acting onto each other do not only possess the spatial variable , but also a discrete intrinsic angular momentum-like variable called the " spin " , and there is the pauli principle relating the space and the spin variables .
the ashes are displayed in a gold-plated sphere on a marble pedestal in the nikola tesla museum .
since the creation of the doctor who character by bbc television in the early 1960s , a myriad of stories have been published about doctor who , in different media : apart from the actual television episodes that continue to be produced by the bbc , there have also been novels , comics , short stories , audio books , radio plays , interactive video games , game books , webcasts , dvd extras , and even stage performances .
these are mainly forested areas ( pine forest ) .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
in 2010 the amazon rainforest experienced another severe drought , in some ways more extreme than the 2005 drought .
with the death of captain francis fowke , royal engineers the next architect to work at the museum was colonel ( later major general ) henry young darracott scott , also of the royal engineers .
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne .
the show 's premise is that this is a life process of time lords through which the character of the doctor takes on a new body and , to some extent , new personality , which occurs after sustaining an injury which would be fatal to most other species .
in his theses and disputations against the antinomians , luther reviews and reaffirms , on the one hand , what has been called the " second use of the law , " that is , the law as the holy spirit 's tool to work sorrow over sin in man 's heart , thus preparing him for christ 's fulfillment of the law offered in the gospel .
death wish coffee beat out nine other contenders from across the united states for the free advertisement .
when such oxygen sinks became saturated , free oxygen began to outgas from the oceans 3–2.7 billion years ago , reaching 10 % of its present level around 1.7 billion years ago .
in fall 2010 , the university of chicago also opened a center in beijing , near renmin university 's campus in haidian district .
möngke khan commenced a military campaign against the chinese song dynasty in southern china .
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries .
in 2001 , 16 national science academies issued a joint statement on climate change .
it ceded french louisiana west of the mississippi river ( including new orleans ) to its ally spain , in compensation for spain 's loss to britain of florida ( spain had ceded this to britain in exchange for the return of havana , cuba ) .
the church emphasizes the need to be in supportive ministry with all women , regardless of their choice .
by the first millennium ad , the bantu expansion had reached the area from west-central africa .
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere .
the combined wealth of the " 10 million dollar millionaires " grew to nearly $ 41 trillion in 2008. a january 2014 report by oxfam claims that the 85 wealthiest individuals in the world have a combined wealth equal to that of the bottom 50 % of the world 's population , or about 3.5 billion people .
it stands on the vistula river in east-central poland , roughly 260 kilometres ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea and 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains .
one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions shows that the amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of severely reduced rainfall and increased temperatures , leading to an almost complete loss of rainforest cover in the basin by 2100. however , simulations of amazon basin climate change across many different models are not consistent in their estimation of any rainfall response , ranging from weak increases to strong decreases .
the new concept called " love radio " , which featured a limited selection of music genres , was launched on abc 's seven owned-and-operated fm stations in late november 1968 ; the concept replaced nearly all of the programming provided by these stations ; however , several affiliates ( such as kxyz ) retained the majority of their content .
using statistics from 23 developed countries and the 50 states of the us , they found social/health problems lower in countries like japan and finland and states like utah and new hampshire with high levels of equality , than in countries ( us and uk ) and states ( mississippi and new york ) with large differences in household income .
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey .
the logic for this is believed to be that the prime number intervals between emergences make it very difficult for predators to evolve that could specialize as predators on magicicadas .
in 1564 a group of norman huguenots under the leadership of jean ribault established the small colony of fort caroline on the banks of the st. johns river in what is today jacksonville , florida .
on 1 august 1521 , luther wrote to melanchthon on the same theme : " be a sinner , and let your sins be strong , but let your trust in christ be stronger , and rejoice in christ who is the victor over sin , death , and the world .
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable .
each step had to be successfully accomplished before the next ones could be performed , and it was unknown how many tries of each mission would be necessary ; therefore letters were used instead of numbers .
if angiosperm shoots are not exposed to the required light for chloroplast formation , proplastids may develop into an etioplast stage before becoming chloroplasts .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
ctenophores form an animal phylum that is more complex than sponges , about as complex as cnidarians ( jellyfish , sea anemones , etc .
kenya ranks low on transparency international 's corruption perception index ( cpi ) , a metric which attempts to gauge the prevalence of public sector corruption in various countries .
first , in choosing violence over lawful submission to the secular government , they were ignoring christ 's counsel to " render unto caesar the things that are caesar 's " ; st. paul had written in his epistle to the romans 13:1–7 that all authorities are appointed by god and therefore should not be resisted .
the arrival of satellite television ended the need for abc to hold interests in other countries ; many governments also wanted to increase their independence and strengthen legislation to limit foreign ownership of broadcasting properties .
chloroplasts may be converted to chromoplasts , which are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit .
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us .
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences .
in this highly stable hierarchy , the pharmacists—and even pharmacist assistants—were assigned status superior to all others in health-related fields such as physicians and acupuncturists .
conversely if they move from brackish to full-strength seawater , the rosettes may pump water out of the mesoglea to reduce its volume and increase its density .
on october 6 , 1973 , syria and egypt , with support from other arab nations , launched a surprise attack on israel , on yom kippur .
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
there are eleven lea-funded 11 to 18 schools and seven independent schools with sixth forms in newcastle .
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population .
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
these stretched rocks can also pinch into lenses , known as boudins , after the french word for " sausage " , because of their visual similarity .
on 13 june 1525 , the couple was engaged with johannes bugenhagen , justus jonas , johannes apel , philipp melanchthon and lucas cranach the elder and his wife as witnesses .
the majority of the forest is contained within brazil , with 60 % of the rainforest , followed by peru with 13 % , colombia with 10 % , and with minor amounts in venezuela , ecuador , bolivia , guyana , suriname and french guiana .
however , the original greek roots from pharmakos imply sorcery or even poison .
infrastructure is often called heavy/highway , heavy civil or heavy engineering .
from the eocene onwards , the ongoing alpine orogeny caused a n–s rift system to develop in this zone .
all uses of sculpture are represented , from tomb and memorial , to portrait , allegorical , religious , mythical , statues for gardens including fountains , as well as architectural decorations .
first the crew noticed a strange odor in their spacesuits , which delayed the sealing of the hatch .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
these chloroplasts are bounded by up to five membranes , ( depending on whether you count the entire diatom endosymbiont as the chloroplast , or just the red algal derived chloroplast inside it ) .
the highest temperature recorded was 104 °f ( 40 °c ) on july 11 , 1879 and july 28 , 1872. it is common for thunderstorms to erupt during a typical summer afternoon .
abc purchased sports programs , inc. in exchange for shares in the company , leading it to become the future core of abc sports , with arledge as the executive producer of that division 's shows .
doctor who has been satirised and spoofed on many occasions by comedians including spike milligan ( a dalek invades his bathroom — milligan , naked , hurls a soap sponge at it ) and lenny henry .
an etioplast is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll , and has inner membrane invaginations that form a lattice of tubes in their stroma , called a prolamellar body .
the phrase taking coals to newcastle was first recorded contextually in 1538. the phrase itself means a pointless pursuit .
in comparing these particles with the bits of metal projected by his " electric gun , " tesla said , " the particles in the beam of force ... will travel much faster than such particles ... and they will travel in concentrations . "
six soundtrack releases have been released since 2005. the first featured tracks from the first two series , the second and third featured music from the third and fourth series respectively .
his main interest was centered on the prophecy of the little horn in daniel 8:9–12 , 23–25 .
maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party in 1941 and remained its leader until 1972. however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising .
perhaps surprisingly , each of these models can be converted to another without providing any extra computational power .
the highest level is called the general conference and is the only organization which may speak officially for the church .
politically , victoria has 37 seats in the australian house of representatives and 12 seats in the australian senate .
for the top 21 industrialised countries , counting each person equally , life expectancy is lower in more unequal countries ( r = -.907 ) .
abc also aired the last nine years of the procter & gamble-produced soap the edge of night , following its cancellation by cbs in 1975. abc daytime has also aired a number of game shows , including the dating game , the newlywed game , let 's make a deal , password , split second , the $ 10,000/ $ 20,000 pyramid , family feud , the better sex , trivia trap , all-star blitz and hot streak .
throughout the centuries , the kenyan coast has played host to many merchants and explorers .
surveys of plague pit remains in france and england indicate the first variant entered europe through the port of marseille around november 1347 and spread through france over the next two years , eventually reaching england in the spring of 1349 , where it spread through the country in three epidemics .
six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system , metrolink , run out of downtown los angeles , connecting los angeles , ventura , san bernardino , riverside , orange , and san diego counties with the other line connecting san bernardino , riverside , and orange counties directly .
in july 1968 , abc radio launched a special programming project for its fm stations , which was spearheaded by allen shaw , a former program manager at wcfl in chicago who was approached by abc radio president harold l. neal to develop a format to compete with the new progressive rock and dj-helmed stations .
both innate and adaptive immunity depend on the ability of the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self molecules .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
in order to rectify this situation , socialists argue that the means of production should be socially owned so that income differentials would be reflective of individual contributions to the social product .
in addition to identifying rocks in the field , petrologists identify rock samples in the laboratory .
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g .
lead authors of ipcc reports assess the available information about climate change based on published sources .
they judge that global mean surface air temperature has increased by 0.3 to 0.6 °c over the last 100 years , broadly consistent with prediction of climate models , but also of the same magnitude as natural climate variability .
since approximately 600,000 years ago , six major ice ages have occurred , in which sea level dropped 120 m ( 390 ft ) and much of the continental margins became exposed .
aristotle misinterpreted this motion as being caused by the applied force .
the area was originally inhabited by the timucua people , and in 1564 was the site of the french colony of fort caroline , one of the earliest european settlements in what is now the continental united states .
san francisco city supervisor jane kim unsuccessfully lobbied for the nfl to reimburse san francisco for city services in the amount of $ 5 million .
the saturn ib was an upgraded version of the saturn i. the s-ib first stage increased the thrust to 1,600,000 pounds-force ( 7,120 kn ) , and the second stage replaced the s-iv with the s-ivb-200 , powered by a single j-2 engine burning liquid hydrogen fuel with lox , to produce 200,000 lbf ( 890 kn ) of thrust .
the station is one of only six grade one listed railway stations in the uk .
molecules in the thylakoid membrane use the energized electrons to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , decreasing the ph and turning it acidic .
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac .
in 1750 christopher gist , acting on behalf of both virginia and the company , explored the ohio territory and opened negotiations with the indian tribes at logstown .
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york .
on the other hand , in the late 1980s the western atlantic ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the black sea and sea of azov via the ballast tanks of ships , and has been blamed for causing sharp drops in fish catches by eating both fish larvae and small crustaceans that would otherwise feed the adult fish .
webb held firm , and issued a request for proposal to candidate lunar excursion module ( lem ) contractors .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
william of apulia tells that , in 1016 , norman pilgrims to the shrine of the archangel michael at monte gargano were met by melus of bari , a lombard nobleman and rebel , who persuaded them to return with more warriors to help throw off the byzantine rule , which they did .
the affected region was approximate 1,160,000 square miles ( 3,000,000 km2 ) of rainforest , compared to 734,000 square miles ( 1,900,000 km2 ) in 2005. the 2010 drought had three epicenters where vegetation died off , whereas in 2005 the drought was focused on the southwestern part .
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school .
structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples to observe the fabric within the rocks which gives information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks .
later in life , tesla made claims concerning a " teleforce " weapon after studying the van de graaff generator .
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage .
the normans settled mostly in an area in the east of ireland , later known as the pale , and also built many fine castles and settlements , including trim castle and dublin castle .
they predict that under a " business as usual " ( bau ) scenario , global mean temperature will increase by about 0.3 °c per decade during the [ 21st ] century .
at least two textbooks base their descriptions of ctenophores on the cydippid pleurobrachia .
doctor who originally ran for 26 seasons on bbc one , from 23 november 1963 until 6 december 1989. during the original run , each weekly episode formed part of a story ( or " serial " ) — usually of four to six parts in earlier years and three to four in later years .
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes .
often having an elementary formulation , many of these conjectures have withstood a proof for decades : all four of landau 's problems from 1912 are still unsolved .
when they arrived , colonial authorities offered them instead land 20 miles above the falls of the james river , at the abandoned monacan village known as manakin town , now in powhatan county .
those pharmacists are often referred to as clinical pharmacists and they often specialize in various disciplines of pharmacy .
braddock ( with george washington as one of his aides ) led about 1,500 army troops and provincial militia on an expedition in june 1755 to take fort duquesne .
prime numbers are also used for hash tables and pseudorandom number generators .
the political unity of china and much of central asia promoted trade between east and west .
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls .
in the 1530s and 1540s , printed images of luther that emphasized his monumental size were crucial to the spread of protestantism .
with international criminal court trial dates in 2013 for both president kenyatta and deputy president william ruto related to the 2007 election aftermath , us president barack obama chose not to visit the country during his mid-2013 african trip .
scientists assess this aspect of water quality by measuring the water 's biochemical oxygen demand , or the amount of o 2 needed to restore it to a normal concentration .
while most chloroplasts originate from that first set of endosymbiotic events , paulinella chromatophora is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently .
nsfnet was also the name given to several nationwide backbone networks operating at speeds of 56 kbit/s , 1.5 mbit/s ( t1 ) , and 45 mbit/s ( t3 ) that were constructed to support nsf 's networking initiatives from 1985-1995. initially created to link researchers to the nation 's nsf-funded supercomputing centers , through further public funding and private industry partnerships it developed into a major part of the internet backbone .
the panthers seemed primed to score on their opening drive of the second half when newton completed a 45-yard pass to ted ginn jr. on the denver 35-yard line on their second offensive play .
a piece of paper was later found on which luther had written his last statement .
the literary and philosophical society of newcastle upon tyne ( popularly known as the 'lit & phil ' ) is the largest independent library outside london , housing more than 150,000 books .
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes .
for its part , the television network produced a few new hits during 1977 : january saw the premiere of roots , a miniseries based on an alex haley novel that was published the previous year ; in september , the love boat , a comedy-drama anthology series produced by aaron spelling which was based around the crew of a cruise ship and featured three stories centered partly on the ship 's various passengers ; although critically lambasted , the series turned out to be a ratings success and lasted nine seasons .
the african great lakes region , which kenya is a part of , has been inhabited by humans since the lower paleolithic period .
in august 1227 , during the fall of yinchuan , the capital of western xia , genghis khan died .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida .
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary .
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963. the programme depicts the adventures of the doctor , a time lord—a space and time-travelling humanoid alien .
in the 9th , it formed part of the border between middle and western francia , but in the 10th century , it was fully within the holy roman empire , flowing through swabia , franconia and lower lorraine .
kenya 's various ethnic groups typically speak their mother tongues within their own communities .
in a progressive tax system , the level of the top tax rate will often have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society , either increasing it or decreasing it , provided that income does not change as a result of the change in tax regime .
nearly all of france 's colonies gained independence by 1960 , but france retained great financial and diplomatic influence .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
many rivers have been closed ( " dammed " ) and now serve as drainage channels for the numerous polders .
at the beginning of the 17th century the empire contained 32 provinces and numerous vassal states .
this is because competition between workers drives down the wage .
despite being relatively unaffected by the embargo , the uk nonetheless faced an oil crisis of its own - a series of strikes by coal miners and railroad workers over the winter of 1973–74 became a major factor in the change of government .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
the average plant biomass is estimated at 356 ± 47 tonnes per hectare .
the first commercially viable process for producing liquid oxygen was independently developed in 1895 by german engineer carl von linde and british engineer william hampson .
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega .
without the pressure reaching supercritical levels for the working fluid , the temperature range the cycle can operate over is quite small ; in steam turbines , turbine entry temperatures are typically 565 °c ( the creep limit of stainless steel ) and condenser temperatures are around 30 °c .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
jamukha refused the offer of friendship and reunion , saying that there can only be one sun in the sky , and he asked for a noble death .
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them .
jacksonville is in the first coast region of northeast florida and is centered on the banks of the st. johns river , about 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of the georgia state line and about 340 miles ( 550 km ) north of miami .
from 2006 garda vetting has been introduced for new entrants to the teaching profession .
the cjeu 's duty is to " ensure that in the interpretation and application of the treaties the law is observed " , although realistically it has the ability to expand and develop the law according to the principles it deems to be appropriate .
the announcement came a day after setanta sports confirmed that it would launch in march as a subscription service on the digital terrestrial platform , and on the same day that ntl 's services re-branded as virgin media .
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized .
in modern times , some activists who commit civil disobedience as a group collectively refuse to sign bail until certain demands are met , such as favorable bail conditions , or the release of all the activists .
to date , at least 40,000 plant species , 2,200 fishes , 1,294 birds , 427 mammals , 428 amphibians , and 378 reptiles have been scientifically classified in the region .
it was " entirely devoted to the obdurate jews , whom it was a matter of great urgency to expel from all german territory , " according to léon poliakov .
immunological memory can be in the form of either passive short-term memory or active long-term memory .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
together in april 1887 they formed the tesla electric company with an agreement that profits from generated patents would go ⅓ to tesla , ⅓ to peck and brown , and ⅓ to fund development .
the proposal was sent to washington , d.c. with a strong advocate in senator milton latham .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
it is recognised that an epidemiological account of the plague is as important as an identification of symptoms , but researchers are hampered by the lack of reliable statistics from this period .
the tapestry collection includes a fragment of the cloth of st gereon , the oldest known surviving european tapestry .
jamukha supported the traditional mongolian aristocracy , while temüjin followed a meritocratic method , and attracted a broader , though lower class , range of followers .
in 1749 the british government gave land to the ohio company of virginia for the purpose of developing trade and settlements in the ohio country .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
in 1976 , bankamericard was renamed and spun off into a separate company known today as visa inc .
it was in this place in tours that the prétendus réformés ( " these supposedly 'reformed ' " ) habitually gathered at night , both for political purposes , and for prayer and singing psalms .
fresno has three large public parks , two in the city limits and one in county land to the southwest .
in the china of the yuan , or mongol era , various important developments in the arts occurred or continued in their development , including the areas of painting , mathematics , calligraphy , poetry , and theater , with many great artists and writers being famous today .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
it was not until robert koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a nobel prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
members business is a debate on a motion proposed by an msp who is not a scottish minister .
highly combustible materials that leave little residue , such as wood or coal , were thought to be made mostly of phlogiston ; whereas non-combustible substances that corrode , such as iron , contained very little .
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
the last glacial ran from ~74,000 ( bp = before present ) , until the end of the pleistocene ( ~11,600 bp ) .
on 27 january 2014 , microsoft announced " that skydrive will soon become onedrive " and " skydrive pro " becomes " onedrive for business " .
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences .
abc originally launched on october 12 , 1943 as a radio network , separated from and serving as the successor to the nbc blue network , which had been purchased by edward j. noble .
after he died , his body was returned to mongolia and presumably to his birthplace in khentii aimag , where many assume he is buried somewhere close to the onon river and the burkhan khaldun mountain ( part of the kentii mountain range ) .
these clades ( which are thought to be extinct ) were found to be ancestral to modern isolates of the modern y. pestis strains y. p. orientalis and y. p. medievalis , suggesting the plague may have entered europe in two waves .
in 2009 , nasa held a symposium on project costs which presented an estimate of the apollo program costs in 2005 dollars as roughly $ 170 billion .
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) .
it consists of filaments about 5 nanometers across , arranged in rows 6.4 nanometers apart , and shrinks to squeeze the chloroplast .
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly .
carotenoids in photosynthetic organisms ( and possibly also in animals ) play a major role in absorbing energy from singlet oxygen and converting it to the unexcited ground state before it can cause harm to tissues .
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible .
a fine tribute to the fall of warsaw and history of poland can be found in the warsaw uprising museum and in the katyń museum which preserves the memory of the crime .
to provide against possible famines , granaries were ordered built throughout the empire .
geographical theories such as environmental determinism also suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of european guidance .
this was followed by embankment , of the major distributaries and damming of minor distributaries , which took place in the 11–13th century ad .
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section .
over the years , this has been made more difficult by court decisions such as sparf v. united states , which held that the judge need not inform jurors of their nullification prerogative , and united states v. dougherty , which held that the judge need not allow defendants to openly seek jury nullification .
unlike cydippids , the movements of lobates ' combs are coordinated by nerves rather than by water disturbances created by the cilia , yet combs on the same row beat in the same mexican wave style as the mechanically coordinated comb rows of cydippids and beroids .
polish civilian deaths are estimated at between 150,000 and 200,000 .
the current subject committees in the fourth session are : economy , energy and tourism ; education and culture ; health and sport ; justice ; local government and regeneration ; rural affairs , climate change and environment ; welfare reform ; and infrastructure and capital investment .
in 1599 the british east india company was established and was chartered by queen elizabeth in the following year .
a house that provides less utility to a millionaire as a summer home than it would to a homeless family of five , is an example of reduced " distributive efficiency " within society , that decreases marginal utility of wealth and thus the sum total of personal utility .
many words , however , appear to be used exclusively in newcastle and the surrounding area , such as " canny " ( a versatile word meaning " good " , " nice " or " very " ) , " hacky " ( " dirty " ) , " netty " ( " toilet " ) , " hoy " ( " throw " , from the dutch gooien , via west frisian ) , " hockle " ( " spit " ) .
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty .
at 25 °c and 1 standard atmosphere ( 101.3 kpa ) of air , freshwater contains about 6.04 milliliters ( ml ) of oxygen per liter , whereas seawater contains about 4.95 ml per liter .
β-carotene is a bright red-orange carotenoid found in nearly all chloroplasts , like chlorophyll a. xanthophylls , especially the orange-red zeaxanthin , are also common .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
the beroida , also known as nuda , have no feeding appendages , but their large pharynx , just inside the large mouth and filling most of the saclike body , bears " macrocilia " at the oral end .
parts of the immune system of higher organisms create peroxide , superoxide , and singlet oxygen to destroy invading microbes .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
in 1949 , as communist troops advanced , the nationalist soldiers moved it another 200 km farther west to the famous tibetan monastery of kumbum monastery or ta'er shi near xining , which soon fell under communist control .
during that year , tesla worked in pittsburgh , helping to create an alternating current system to power the city 's streetcars .
gasquet ( 1908 ) claimed that the latin name atra mors ( black death ) for the 14th-century epidemic first appeared in modern times in 1631 in a book on danish history by j.i . pontanus : " vulgo & ab effectu atram mortem vocatibant .
the plowshares organization temporarily closed gcsb waihopai by padlocking the gates and using sickles to deflate one of the large domes covering two satellite dishes .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
however , when this experiment is actually conducted , the cannonball always falls at the foot of the mast , as if the cannonball knows to travel with the ship despite being separated from it .
begter , temujin 's older half-brother , began to exercise the power of the eldest male in the family and eventually temujin 's mother hoelun ( not begter 's mother ) would have to accept him as her husband if and when he became an adult .
complexity measures are very generally defined by the blum complexity axioms .
although the famous mughal emperors were proud descendants of genghis khan and particularly timur , they clearly distanced themselves from the mongol atrocities committed against the khwarizim shahs , turks , persians , the citizens of baghdad and damascus , nishapur , bukhara and historical figures such as attar of nishapur and many other notable muslims .
the ultimate objective of the unfccc is to " stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic [ i.e. , human-induced ] interference with the climate system " .
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism .
southern california includes the heavily built-up urban area stretching along the pacific coast from ventura , through the greater los angeles area and the inland empire , and down to greater san diego .
in 1980 , warsaw 's historic old town was inscribed onto unesco 's world heritage list .
for some , imperialism designated a policy of idealism and philanthropy ; others alleged that it was characterized by political self-interest , and a growing number associated it with capitalist greed .
however , most electric power is generated using steam turbine plant , so that indirectly the world 's industry is still dependent on steam power .
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com .
the university library garden , designed by irena bajerska , was opened on 12 june 2002. it is one of the largest and most beautiful roof gardens in europe with an area of more than 10,000 m2 ( 107,639.10 sq ft ) , and plants covering 5,111 m2 ( 55,014.35 sq ft ) .
when some species , including bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera , are disturbed , they produce secretions ( ink ) that luminesce at much the same wavelengths as their bodies .
luther 's boldest assertion in the debate was that matthew 16:18 does not confer on popes the exclusive right to interpret scripture , and that therefore neither popes nor church councils were infallible .
the main difference is that heat addition ( in the boiler ) and rejection ( in the condenser ) are isobaric ( constant pressure ) processes in the rankine cycle and isothermal ( constant temperature ) processes in the theoretical carnot cycle .
this treatise is currently in the nikola tesla museum archive in belgrade .
founded in 1968 by the union of the methodist church ( usa ) and the evangelical united brethren church , the umc traces its roots back to the revival movement of john and charles wesley in england as well as the great awakening in the united states .
[ citation needed ] industry and manufacturing is the smallest sector , accounting for 16 % of gdp .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape .
to remedy the causes of the fire , changes were made in the block ii spacecraft and operational procedures , the most important of which were use of a nitrogen/oxygen mixture instead of pure oxygen before and during launch , and removal of flammable cabin and space suit materials .
while granting his generals a great deal of autonomy in making command decisions , genghis khan also expected unwavering loyalty from them .
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen .
for many years , sudan had an islamist regime under the leadership of hassan al-turabi .
the g mission was achieved on apollo 11 in july 1969 by an all-gemini veteran crew consisting of neil armstrong , michael collins and buzz aldrin .
each step had to be successfully accomplished before the next ones could be performed , and it was unknown how many tries of each mission would be necessary ; therefore letters were used instead of numbers .
one defendant accused of illegally protesting nuclear power , when asked to enter his plea , stated , " i plead for the beauty that surrounds us " ; this is known as a " creative plea , " and will usually be interpreted as a plea of not guilty .
although the film was successful in the uk ( with 9.1 million viewers ) , it was less so in the united states and did not lead to a series .
the third division under genghis khan and tolui marched to the northwest and attacked khwarzemia from that direction .
other arcane units of force include the sthène , which is equivalent to 1000 n , and the kip , which is equivalent to 1000 lbf .
in contrast , the humoral theory of immunity , held , among others , by robert koch and emil von behring , stated that the active immune agents were soluble components ( molecules ) found in the organism ’ s “ humors ” rather than its cells .
one of the principal advantages the rankine cycle holds over others is that during the compression stage relatively little work is required to drive the pump , the working fluid being in its liquid phase at this point .
the centre refreshment room 1865–77 was designed in a renaissance style by james gamble , the walls and even the ionic columns are covered in decorative and moulded ceramic tile , the ceiling consists of elaborate designs on enamelled metal sheets and matching stained-glass windows , the marble fireplace was designed and sculpted by alfred stevens and was removed from dorchester house prior to that building 's demolition in 1929. the grill room 1876–81 was designed by sir edward poynter , the lower part of the walls consist of blue and white tiles with various figures and foliage enclosed by wood panelling , above there are large tiled scenes with figures depicting the four seasons and the twelve months these were painted by ladies from the art school then based in the museum , the windows are also stained glass , there is an elaborate cast-iron grill still in place .
universal , warner brothers , and sony also run major record companies as well .
however , average teacher salaries have improved rapidly in recent years .
the review process often involves an evaluation of the appropriateness of the drug therapy ( e.g. , drug choice , dose , route , frequency , and duration of therapy ) and its efficacy .
a teacher may follow standardized curricula as determined by the relevant authority .
some buyers lamented the small size of the first japanese compacts , and both toyota and nissan ( then known as datsun ) introduced larger cars such as the toyota corona mark ii , the toyota cressida , the mazda 616 and datsun 810 , which added passenger space and amenities such as air conditioning , power steering , am-fm radios , and even power windows and central locking without increasing the price of the vehicle .
the jewellery collection , containing over 6000 items is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world and includes works dating from ancient egypt to the present day , as well as jewellery designs on paper .
while the mercury capsule could only support one astronaut on a limited earth orbital mission , apollo would carry three astronauts .
methodist institutions may be named after a biblical figure ( e.g. , " st. james umc " ) .
a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time ( high supply ) competing for a job that few require ( low demand ) will result in a low wage for that job .
september 1994 saw the debut of nypd blue , a gritty police procedural from steven bochco ( who created doogie howser , m.d .
the us abandoned the gold exchange standard whereby the value of the dollar had been pegged to the price of gold and all other currencies were pegged to the dollar , whose value was left to " float " ( rise and fall according to market demand ) .
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls .
free movement was increasingly based on " citizenship " , so that people had rights to empower them to become economically and socially active , rather than economic activity being a precondition for rights .
most abalone and rock lobster is exported to asia .
the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience took place during the roman empire [ citation needed ] .
this led maxwell to discover that electric and magnetic fields could be " self-generating " through a wave that traveled at a speed that he calculated to be the speed of light .
nasa awarded all 32 of these astronauts its highest honor , the distinguished service medal , given for " distinguished service , ability , or courage " , and personal " contribution representing substantial progress to the nasa mission " .
jim gray will anchor the pre-game and halftime coverage .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
undergraduate courses at the university of chicago are known for their demanding standards , heavy workload and academic difficulty ; according to uni in the usa , " among the academic cream of american universities – harvard , yale , princeton , mit , and the university of chicago – it is uchicago that can most convincingly claim to provide the most rigorous , intense learning experience . "
however , these characteristics actually result from the pauli exclusion principle .
city records as far back as 1609 document the use of a crude form of a sea monster with a female upper body and holding a sword in its claws .
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism .
members of the police and the armed forces are disqualified from sitting in the scottish parliament as elected msps , and similarly , civil servants and members of foreign legislatures are disqualified .
although there was some racism directed at them , there was not the level of anti-chinese violence that was seen at the lambing flat riots in new south wales .
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise .
the defeat along with economic stagnation in the defeated countries , was blamed on the secular arab nationalism of the ruling regimes .
for example , prime ideals in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields can be used in proving quadratic reciprocity , a statement that concerns the solvability of quadratic equations
in all , 97 of 253 episodes produced during the first six years of the programme are not held in the bbc 's archives ( most notably seasons 3 , 4 , & 5 , from which 79 episodes are missing ) .
the mongol force that invaded southern china was far greater than the force they sent to invade the middle east in 1256. he died in 1259 without a successor .
the condés established a thriving glass-making works , which provided wealth to the principality for many years .
this improved response is then retained after the pathogen has been eliminated , in the form of an immunological memory , and allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered .
the far eastern collections include more than 70,000 works of art from the countries of east asia : china , japan and korea .
as of august 2010 , victoria had 1,548 public schools , 489 catholic schools and 214 independent schools .
in principle , this means that any significant new evidence or events that change our understanding of climate science between this deadline and publication of an ipcc report can not be included .
with 4:51 left in regulation , carolina got the ball on their own 24-yard line with a chance to mount a game-winning drive , and soon faced 3rd-and-9 .
cbc began airing series two on 9 october 2006 at 20:00 e/p ( 20:30 in newfoundland and labrador ) , shortly after that day 's cfl double header on thanksgiving in most of the country .
it was however superseded by the british invention steam turbine where speed was required , for instance in warships , such as the dreadnought battleships , and ocean liners .
the table under present-day education in kenya below shows the structure of the 8–4–4 system .
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign. ” if a man chose to be an agent of injustice , then thoreau insisted on confronting him with the fact that he was making a choice .
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan .
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) .
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church .
to catch up , abc followed up the flintstones with another animated series from hanna-barbera , the jetsons , which debuted on september 23 , 1962 as the first television series to be broadcast in color on the network .
between 1701 and 1750 , thirty-seven larger and smaller epidemics were recorded in constantinople , and an additional thirty-one between 1751 and 1800. baghdad has suffered severely from visitations of the plague , and sometimes two-thirds of its population has been wiped out .
appletalk included features that allowed local area networks to be established ad hoc without the requirement for a centralized router or server .
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek .
the river now flows north as upper rhine through the upper rhine plain , which is about 300 km long and up to 40 km wide .
parachutes were carried to slow its descent to splashdown .
under the standing orders of the parliament the bureau consists of the presiding officer and one representative from each political parties with five or more seats in the parliament .
by far the most famous work of norman art is the bayeux tapestry , which is not a tapestry but a work of embroidery .
these kinds of programs presented abc with an image of the " philosophy of counterprogramming against its competitors " , offering a strong lineup of programs that contrasted with those seen on its rival networks , which helped goldenson give the network a continuum between film and television .
the city has an extensive neoclassical centre referred to as tyneside classical largely developed in the 1830s by richard grainger and john dobson , and recently extensively restored .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
the soulages collection of italian and french renaissance objects was acquired between 1859 and 1865 , and includes several cassone .
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum .
for example , friction is caused by the gradients of numerous electrostatic potentials between the atoms , but manifests as a force model that is independent of any macroscale position vector .
after debates , it was passed by parliament , the coalition would hold until the end of the current parliament or if either of the parties withdraws from the deal before then .
another formula is based on wilson 's theorem and generates the number 2 many times and all other primes exactly once .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
this coupling between rigid plates moving on the surface of the earth and the convecting mantle is called plate tectonics .
cabinet consists of representatives elected to either house of parliament .
twigg suggested that the cause was a form of anthrax , and norman cantor ( 2001 ) thought it may have been a combination of anthrax and other pandemics .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
christian whiton , an official in the george w. bush administration , called for a new agency focused on the nonviolent practice of " political warfare " aimed at undermining the ideology .
as sea-level continued to rise in the netherlands , the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta began ( ~8,000 years ago ) .
if the mayor vetoes a bill , the council has 30 days to override the veto by a two-thirds majority vote .
the majority may be powerful but it is not necessarily right .
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation .
in 1937 , at a luncheon in his honor concerning the death ray , tesla stated , " but it is not an experiment ... i have built , demonstrated and used it .
however , his religious views remain uncertain due to other statements that he made .
genghis khan united the mongol and turkic tribes of the steppes and became great khan in 1206. he and his successors expanded the mongol empire across asia .
one of his successful projects was to finish the long-stalled official histories of the liao , jin , and song dynasties , which were eventually completed in 1345. yet , toghtogha resigned his office with the approval of toghun temür , marking the end of his first administration , and he was not called back until 1349 .
additionally , proteins such as nfil3 , which have been shown to be closely intertwined with both t-cell differentiation and our circadian rhythms , can be affected through the disturbance of natural light and dark cycles through instances of sleep deprivation , shift work , etc .
a well known civil rights attorney , francis heisler , had volunteered to defend the arrested persons , advising them to plead " nolo contendere " , as an alternative to pleading either guilty or not-guilty .
the companion figure – generally a human – has been a constant feature in doctor who since the programme 's inception in 1963. one of the roles of the companion is to remind the doctor of his " moral duty " .
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing .
the prime ideals of the ring of integers are the ideals ( 0 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 11 ) , … the fundamental theorem of arithmetic generalizes to the lasker–noether theorem , which expresses every ideal in a noetherian commutative ring as an intersection of primary ideals , which are the appropriate generalizations of prime powers .
small subunit ribosomal rnas in several chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts lack motifs for shine-dalgarno sequence recognition , which is considered essential for translation initiation in most chloroplasts and prokaryotes .
all three cathedrals began their lives as parish churches .
in response , the university became a major sponsor of a controversial urban renewal project for hyde park , which profoundly affected both the neighborhood 's architecture and street plan .
there were two kinds of x.25 networks . some such as datapac and transpac were initially implemented with an x.25 external interface .
a controversial aspect of imperialism is the defense and justification of empire-building based on seemingly rational grounds .
martin luther ( /ˈluːθər/ or /ˈluːðər/ ; german : [ ˈmaɐ̯tiːn ˈlʊtɐ ] ( listen ) ; 10 november 1483 – 18 february 1546 ) was a german professor of theology , composer , priest , former monk and a seminal figure in the protestant reformation .
fully informed jury association activists have sometimes handed out educational leaflets inside courthouses despite admonitions not to ; according to fija , many of them have escaped prosecution because " prosecutors have reasoned ( correctly ) that if they arrest fully informed jury leafleters , the leaflets will have to be given to the leafleter 's own jury as evidence . "
also , the block ii spacesuit was revised for the extended missions to allow greater flexibility and visibility for driving the lrv .
demographically , it was the most diverse city in poland , with significant numbers of foreign-born inhabitants .
the v & a presented a combined concert/lecture by british progressive folk-rock band gryphon , who explored the lineage of mediaeval music and instrumentation and related how those contributed to contemporary music 500 years later .
this has the end result of atp energy being wasted and co2 being released , all with no sugar being produced .
the scottish parliament is unable to legislate on such issues that are reserved to , and dealt with at , westminster ( and where ministerial functions usually lie with uk government ministers ) .
a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time ( high supply ) competing for a job that few require ( low demand ) will result in a low wage for that job .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
the main use for steam turbines is in electricity generation ( in the 1990s about 90 % of the world 's electric production was by use of steam turbines ) however the recent widespread application of large gas turbine units and typical combined cycle power plants has resulted in reduction of this percentage to the 80 % regime for steam turbines .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
in the 1530s and 1540s , printed images of luther that emphasized his monumental size were crucial to the spread of protestantism .
when suffering from sleep deprivation , active immunizations may have a diminished effect and may result in lower antibody production , and a lower immune response , than would be noted in a well-rested individual .
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus .
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . "
morgan was shocked by the reminder of his part in the stock market crash and by tesla 's breach of contract by asking for more funds .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages .
in the week before the launch , rumours started to surface that bskyb was having supply issues with its set top box ( stb ) from manufacturer thomson .
roman catholics form the single largest religious group in the state with 26.7 % of the victorian population , followed by anglicans and members of the uniting church .
under conditions such as high atmospheric co2 concentrations , these starch grains may grow very large , distorting the grana and thylakoids .
apollo ran from 1961 to 1972 , and was supported by the two-man gemini program which ran concurrently with it from 1962 to 1966. gemini missions developed some of the space travel techniques that were necessary for the success of the apollo missions .
over the long-term , this trend increases the organic composition of capital , meaning that less workers are required in proportion to capital inputs , increasing unemployment ( the " reserve army of labour " ) .
with two-cylinder compounds used in railway work , the pistons are connected to the cranks as with a two-cylinder simple at 90° out of phase with each other ( quartered ) .
similarly , algorithms can solve the np-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes in less than quadratic time and sat solvers routinely handle large instances of the np-complete boolean satisfiability problem .
as a result , kuchlug 's army was defeated west of kashgar .
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs .
the sieve of eratosthenes , attributed to eratosthenes , is a simple method to compute primes , although the large primes found today with computers are not generated this way .
the calvin cycle starts by using the enzyme rubisco to fix co2 into five-carbon ribulose bisphosphate ( rubp ) molecules .
the development of this fertile soil allowed agriculture and silviculture in the previously hostile environment ; meaning that large portions of the amazon rainforest are probably the result of centuries of human management , rather than naturally occurring as has previously been supposed .
in 1639 , the college was renamed harvard college after deceased clergyman john harvard , who was an alumnus of the university of cambridge .
this led to the transfer to the museum of the school of design that had been founded in 1837 at somerset house ; after the transfer it was referred to as the art school or art training school , later to become the royal college of art which finally achieved full independence in 1949. from the 1860s to the 1880s the scientific collections had been moved from the main museum site to various improvised galleries to the west of exhibition road .
the united methodist church also believes that jesus explicitly repudiated the lex talionis in matthew 5:38-39 and abolished the death penalty in john 8:7. the general conference of the united methodist church calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment and for governments to enact an immediate moratorium on carrying out the death penalty sentence .
following the merger of harvard and radcliffe admissions in 1977 , the proportion of female undergraduates steadily increased , mirroring a trend throughout higher education in the united states .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting .
the complexity class np , on the other hand , contains many problems that people would like to solve efficiently , but for which no efficient algorithm is known , such as the boolean satisfiability problem , the hamiltonian path problem and the vertex cover problem .
the later accidental introduction of beroe helped to mitigate the problem , as beroe preys on other ctenophores .
his national islamic front first gained influence when strongman general gaafar al-nimeiry invited members to serve in his government in 1979. turabi built a powerful economic base with money from foreign islamist banking systems , especially those linked with saudi arabia .
according to the secret history , temüjin again offered his friendship to jamukha , asking him to return to his side .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
luther journeyed to mansfeld twice in late 1545 to participate in the negotiations for a settlement , and a third visit was needed in early 1546 for their completion .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
this means that for a closed system , the net mechanical energy is conserved whenever a conservative force acts on the system .
as in the house of commons , a number of qualifications apply to being an msp .
to accurately map the amazon 's biomass and subsequent carbon related emissions , the classification of tree growth stages within different parts of the forest is crucial .
it is believed that the civilization was later devastated by the spread of diseases from europe , such as smallpox .
by contrast , male sex hormones such as testosterone seem to be immunosuppressive .
gymnosperms do not require light to form chloroplasts .
british settlers outnumbered the french 20 to 1 with a population of about 1.5 million ranged along the eastern coast of the continent , from nova scotia and newfoundland in the north , to georgia in the south .
on august 15 , 2008 , disney denied rumors started by caris & co. that it would be selling the ten abc owned-and-operated stations .
they must report and reapply annually ; and they must complete at least one advanced course every three years .
although a patent-sharing agreement was signed between the two companies in 1896 westinghouse was still cash-strapped from the financial warfare .
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963. the programme depicts the adventures of the doctor , a time lord—a space and time-travelling humanoid alien .
a growing cause of concern are that attacks on teachers in welsh schools which reached an all-time high between 2005 and 2010 .
during the following years , a magnetic tape shortage prompted nasa to remove massive numbers of magnetic tapes from the national archives and records administration to be recorded over with newer satellite data .
in the early 1970s , jon pertwee , who had played the third doctor , recorded a version of the doctor who theme with spoken lyrics , titled , " who is the doctor " .
under normal circumstances , many t cells and antibodies react with " self " peptides .
several prominent german military , cultural , and political figures were ethnic huguenot , including poet theodor fontane , general hermann von françois , the hero of the first world war battle of tannenberg , luftwaffe general and fighter ace adolf galland , luftwaffe flying ace hans-joachim marseille , and famed u-boat captain lothar von arnauld de la perière .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
the teu specifically excludes certain regions , for example the faroe islands , from the jurisdiction of european union law .
as of august 2009 [ update ] , the chairman of the board of trustees is andrew alper , and the president of the university is robert zimmer .
the moon landing data was recorded by a special apollo tv camera which recorded in a format incompatible with broadcast tv .
luther had published his german translation of the new testament in 1522 , and he and his collaborators completed the translation of the old testament in 1534 , when the whole bible was published .
since its foundation , the treaties sought to enable people to pursue their life goals in any country through free movement .
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac .
rugby is also a growing sport in southern california , particularly at the high school level , with increasing numbers of schools adding rugby as an official school sport .
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us .
20th century fox , lionsgate , paramount pictures , universal studios and walt disney studios paid for movie trailers to be aired during the super bowl .
he became convinced that the church was corrupt in its ways and had lost sight of what he saw as several of the central truths of christianity .
luther 's commentary on genesis contains a passage which concludes that " the soul does not sleep ( anima non sic dormit ) , but wakes ( sed vigilat ) and experiences visions " .
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 .
before the return of the collections after the war , the britain can make it exhibition was held between september and november 1946 , attracting nearly a million and a half visitors .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015. the previous chairs were rajendra k. pachauri , elected in may 2002 ; robert watson in 1997 ; and bert bolin in 1988. the chair is assisted by an elected bureau including vice-chairs , working group co-chairs , and a secretariat .
when the interstate highway system was created in the 1950s , the decision was made to build what is now interstate 5 on the west side of the central valley , and thus bypass many of the population centers in the region , instead of upgrading what is now state route 99. due to rapidly raising population and traffic in cities along sr 99 , as well as the desirability of federal funding , much discussion has been made to upgrade it to interstate standards and eventually incorporate it into the interstate system , most likely as interstate 9. major improvements to signage , lane width , median separation , vertical clearance , and other concerns are currently underway .
to make new legislation , tfeu article 294 defines the " ordinary legislative procedure " that applies for most eu acts .
shi tianze was a han chinese who lived in the jin dynasty .
today the court of justice of the european union ( cjeu ) is the main judicial body , within which there is a higher european court of justice ( commonly abbreviated as ecj ) that deals with cases that contain more public importance , and a general court that deals with issues of detail but without general importance .
to date , an estimated 438,000 species of plants of economic and social interest have been registered in the region with many more remaining to be discovered or catalogued .
there are different committees with their functions set out in different ways .
this was followed by five launches of boilerplate csms ( designated as-101 through as-105 ) into orbit in 1964 and 1965. the last three of these further supported the apollo program by also carrying pegasus satellites , which verified the safety of the translunar environment by measuring the frequency and severity of micrometeorite impacts .
since its inception , abc has had many affiliated stations , which include wabc-tv and wpvi-tv , the first two stations to carry the network 's programming .
he died in 1227 after defeating the western xia .
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " .
the prime ideals of the ring of integers are the ideals ( 0 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 11 ) , … the fundamental theorem of arithmetic generalizes to the lasker–noether theorem , which expresses every ideal in a noetherian commutative ring as an intersection of primary ideals , which are the appropriate generalizations of prime powers .
however , most of it is often based on necessity rather than opportunity .
in december 2014 , president uhuru kenyatta signed a security laws amendment bill , which supporters of the law suggested was necessary to guard against armed groups .
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports .
the june 11 , 1962 , decision to use lunar orbit rendezvous enabled the saturn v to replace the nova , and the msfc proceeded to develop the saturn rocket family for apollo .
committees comprise a small number of msps , with membership reflecting the balance of parties across parliament .
the rankine cycle is sometimes referred to as a practical carnot cycle because , when an efficient turbine is used , the ts diagram begins to resemble the carnot cycle .
the presiding officer ( or deputy presiding officer ) decides who speaks in chamber debates and the amount of time for which they are allowed to speak .
he made many reforms , including the liquidation of the department of state affairs ( chinese : 尚書省 ) , which resulted in the execution of five of the highest-ranking officials .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
sometimes antibodies are generated against tumor cells allowing for their destruction by the complement system .
seeking to reduce the alarming number of deaths and serious injuries in the sport , walter camp ( former captain of the yale football team ) , suggested widening the field to open up the game .
the most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer n is called trial division .
as of 2012 , quality private schools in the united states charged substantial tuition , close to $ 40,000 annually for day schools in new york city , and nearly $ 50,000 for boarding schools .
a further type of committee is normally set up to scrutinise private bills submitted to the scottish parliament by an outside party or promoter who is not a member of the scottish parliament or scottish government .
jordan norwood 's 61-yard punt return set a new record , surpassing the old record of 45 yards set by john taylor in super bowl xxiii .
the racial makeup of fresno was 245,306 ( 49.6 % ) white , 40,960 ( 8.3 % ) african american , 8,525 ( 1.7 % ) native american , 62,528 ( 12.6 % ) asian ( 3.6 % hmong , 1.7 % indian , 1.2 % filipino , 1.2 % laotian , 1.0 % thai , 0.8 % cambodian , 0.7 % chinese , 0.5 % japanese , 0.4 % vietnamese , 0.2 % korean ) , 849 ( 0.2 % ) pacific islander , 111,984 ( 22.6 % ) from other races , and 24,513 ( 5.0 % ) from two or more races .
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl .
british prime minister edward heath was so worried by this prospect that he ordered a british intelligence estimate of u.s. intentions , which concluded america " might consider it could not tolerate a situation in which the u.s. and its allies were at the mercy of a small group of unreasonable countries , " and that they would prefer a rapid operation to seize oilfields in saudi arabia and kuwait , and possibly abu dhabi in military action was decided upon .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing .
confirming it had reached its target , the broadcaster said its reach into 36 % of households in the uk represented an audience of more than 25m people .
a greedy merchant also heard her songs ; he followed the fishermen and captured the mermaid .
the scottish parliament has the ability to alter income tax in scotland by up to 3 pence in the pound .
chao were made from the bark of mulberry trees .
although at least three pads were planned , only two , designated a and b , were completed in october 1965. the loc also included an operations and checkout building ( ocb ) to which gemini and apollo spacecraft were initially received prior to being mated to their launch vehicles .
close , sandhill and quayside contain modern buildings as well as structures dating from the 15th–18th centuries , including bessie surtees house , the cooperage and lloyds quayside bars , derwentwater house and " house of tides " , a restaurant situated at a grade i-listed 16th century merchant 's house at 28–30 close .
in a feynman diagram , each matter particle is represented as a straight line ( see world line ) traveling through time , which normally increases up or to the right in the diagram .
because of these characteristics , forces are classified as " vector quantities " .
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii .
when rock units are placed under horizontal compression , they shorten and become thicker .
the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines is the steam engine indicator .
the hoppings funfair , said to be the largest travelling funfair in europe , is held here annually in june .
in the mid-1960s , corruption scandals began to arise among many of the city 's officials , who were mainly elected through the traditional old boy network .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
many became exaptations , taking on new functions like participating in cell division , protein routing , and even disease resistance .
since deterministic turing machines are special non-deterministic turing machines , it is easily observed that each problem in p is also member of the class np .
committees comprise a small number of msps , with membership reflecting the balance of parties across parliament .
included in its provisions was the reservation of lands west of the appalachian mountains to its indian population , a demarcation that was at best a temporary impediment to a rising tide of westward-bound settlers .
he seemed to be a quick student , adopting new technologies and ideas that he encountered , such as siege warfare from the chinese .
the working fluid in a rankine cycle can operate as a closed loop system , where the working fluid is recycled continuously , or may be an " open loop " system , where the exhaust steam is directly released to the atmosphere , and a separate source of water feeding the boiler is supplied .
due to the coming together of painting , poetry , and calligraphy at this time many of the artists practicing these different pursuits were the same individuals , though perhaps more famed for one area of their achievements than others .
packet switching contrasts with another principal networking paradigm , circuit switching , a method which pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session , each having a constant bit rate and latency between nodes .
however , proving lower bounds is much more difficult , since lower bounds make a statement about all possible algorithms that solve a given problem .
co-teaching has also become a new trend amongst educational institutions .
the festival traces its roots to a peaceful pagan ritual where maidens would float their wreaths of herbs on the water to predict when they would be married , and to whom .
teaching may be carried out informally , within the family , which is called homeschooling , or in the wider community .
the block ii design already called for replacement of the block i plug-type hatch cover with a quick-release , outward opening door .
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy .
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage .
the g mission was achieved on apollo 11 in july 1969 by an all-gemini veteran crew consisting of neil armstrong , michael collins and buzz aldrin .
they escorted luther to the security of the wartburg castle at eisenach .
apollo 8 was planned to be the d mission in december 1968 , crewed by mcdivitt , scott and schweickart , launched on a saturn v instead of two saturn ibs .
in addition there are regulatory t cells which have a role in modulating immune response .
with such a small force , the invading mongols were forced to change strategies and resort to inciting internal revolt among kuchlug 's supporters , leaving the qara khitai more vulnerable to mongol conquest .
because article 30 clearly , unconditionally and immediately stated that no quantitative restrictions could be placed on trade , without a good justification , van gend en loos could recover the money it paid for the tariff .
philosophers in antiquity used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects and simple machines , but thinkers such as aristotle and archimedes retained fundamental errors in understanding force .
chris keates , the general secretary of national association of schoolmasters union of women teachers , said that teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent should not be placed on the sex offenders register and that prosecution for statutory rape " is a real anomaly in the law that we are concerned about . "
at the beginning of 1893 westinghouse engineer benjamin lamme had made great progress developing an efficient version of tesla 's induction motor and westinghouse electric started branding their complete polyphase phase ac system as the " tesla polyphase system " , noting how they believed tesla 's patents gave them patent priority over other ac systems .
many words , however , appear to be used exclusively in newcastle and the surrounding area , such as " canny " ( a versatile word meaning " good " , " nice " or " very " ) , " hacky " ( " dirty " ) , " netty " ( " toilet " ) , " hoy " ( " throw " , from the dutch gooien , via west frisian ) , " hockle " ( " spit " ) .
in 1931 japan conquered manchuria from china .
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports .
in 1998 , the network began using a minimalist graphical identity , designed by pittard sullivan , featuring a small black-and-white " abc circle " logo on a yellow background ( promotions during this time also featured a sequence of still photos of the stars of its programs during the timeslot card as well as the schedule sequence that began each night 's prime time lineup ) .
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice .
in the cycle , water is heated and transforms into steam within a boiler operating at a high pressure .
as a result of increasing land clearance ( bronze age agriculture ) , in the upland areas ( central germany ) , the sediment load of the rhine has strongly increased and delta growth has sped up .
since the 1970s , many of these " segregation academies " have shut down , although some continue to operate .
coincidentally , both teams were coached by john fox in their last super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 .
this included all research and development costs ; the procurement of 15 saturn v rockets , 16 command/service modules , 12 lunar modules , plus program support and management costs ; construction expenses for facilities and their upgrading , and costs for flight operations .
also included are tapestries from john vanderbank 's workshop which was the leading english tapestry manufactory in the late 17th century and early 18th century .
his large body also let the viewer know that he did not shun earthly pleasures like drinking—behavior that was a stark contrast to the ascetic life of the medieval religious orders .
jaime weston , the league 's vice president of brand and creative , explained that a primary reason for the change was the difficulty of designing an aesthetically pleasing logo with the letter " l " using the standardized logo template introduced at super bowl xlv .
on 17 april 1879 , milutin tesla died at the age of 60 after contracting an unspecified illness ( although some sources say that he died of a stroke ) .
the network had earlier reached an eleventh-hour deal to renew its carriage agreement with the provider on december 31 , 1999. abc filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to force twc to restore the affected stations ; the fcc ruled in favor of abc , ordering time warner cable to restore the stations , doing so on the afternoon of may 2. abc ended the 2000–01 season as the most-watched network , ahead of nbc .
ludwig krapf recorded the name as both kenia and kegnia believed by most to be a corruption of the kamba version .
thomas newcomen 's atmospheric engine was the first commercial true steam engine using a piston , and was used in 1712 for pumping in a mine .
the old position was shared with broadcasters from several european countries , while the new position at 28.5°e came to be used almost exclusively for channels that broadcast to the united kingdom .
completely cut off from germany , von lettow conducted an effective guerrilla warfare campaign , living off the land , capturing british supplies , and remaining undefeated .
james hutton is often viewed as the first modern geologist .
a 2000 study found that 42 % of uk teachers experienced occupational stress , twice the figure for the average profession .
the daleks are kaleds from the planet skaro , mutated by the scientist davros and housed in mechanical armour shells for mobility .
tesla also explained the principles of the rotating magnetic field in an induction motor by demonstrating how to make a copper egg stand on end using a device he constructed known as the egg of columbus .
in 2012 , the nation placed 139th out of 176 total countries in the cpi , with a score of 27/100 .
in 1881 , tesla moved to budapest to work under ferenc puskás at a telegraph company , the budapest telephone exchange .
the uk subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the agreement on social policy , the 1994 works council directive , which required workforce consultation in businesses , and the 1996 parental leave directive .
for luther , also christ 's life , when understood as an example , is nothing more than an illustration of the ten commandments , which a christian should follow in his or her vocations on a daily basis .
this comprises more than 60 % of the state 's total land surface .
in the u.s. federal health care system ( including the va , the indian health service , and nih ) ambulatory care pharmacists are given full independent prescribing authority .
the new concept called " love radio " , which featured a limited selection of music genres , was launched on abc 's seven owned-and-operated fm stations in late november 1968 ; the concept replaced nearly all of the programming provided by these stations ; however , several affiliates ( such as kxyz ) retained the majority of their content .
during the american civil war , jacksonville was a key supply point for hogs and cattle being shipped from florida to aid the confederate cause .
the principal role of committees in the scottish parliament is to take evidence from witnesses , conduct inquiries and scrutinise legislation .
his orders were to protect the king 's land in the ohio valley from the british .
indeed , for vice president agnew it has become a code-word describing the activities of muggers , arsonists , draft evaders , campaign hecklers , campus militants , anti-war demonstrators , juvenile delinquents and political assassins . "
a simple but slow method of verifying the primality of a given number n is known as trial division .
the project must adhere to zoning and building code requirements .
it took french troops years to hunt down and destroy all the bands of camisards , between 1702 and 1709 .
in this dioxygen , the two oxygen atoms are chemically bonded to each other .
however , some computational problems are easier to analyze in terms of more unusual resources .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
john paul ii 's visits to his native country in 1979 and 1983 brought support to the budding solidarity movement and encouraged the growing anti-communist fervor there .
it has been hypothesized that he may have intercepted marconi 's european experiments in july 1899—marconi may have transmitted the letter s ( dot/dot/dot ) in a naval demonstration , the same three impulses that tesla hinted at hearing in colorado—or signals from another experimenter in wireless transmission .
the primary law of the eu consists mainly of the founding treaties , the " core " treaties being the treaty on european union ( teu ) and the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( tfeu ) .
eight original series serials have been released on laserdisc and many have also been released on betamax tape and video 2000. one episode of doctor who ( the infinite quest ) was released on vcd .
the second , as-202 on august 25 , reached 617.1 nautical miles ( 1,142.9 km ) altitude and was recovered 13,900 nautical miles ( 25,700 km ) downrange in the pacific ocean .
the sinclair broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations by numerical total , owning or providing services to 28 abc affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates ; sinclair owns the largest abc subchannel affiliate by market size , wabm-dt2/wdbb-dt2 in the birmingham market , which serve as repeaters of wbma-ld ( the largest low-power " big four " affiliate by market size , which itself is also simulcast on a subchannel of former wbma satellite wgww , owned by sinclair partner company howard stirk holdings ) .
the conflict , pitting indigenous impoverished muslims ( mujahideen ) against an anti-religious superpower , galvanized thousands of muslims around the world to send aid and sometimes to go themselves to fight for their faith .
the acme of the horizontal engine was the corliss steam engine , patented in 1849 , which was a four-valve counter flow engine with separate steam admission and exhaust valves and automatic variable steam cutoff .
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students .
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america .
to counter the french military presence in ohio , in october 1753 dinwiddie ordered the 21-year-old major george washington ( whose brother was another ohio company investor ) of the virginia regiment to warn the french to leave virginia territory .
segal 's negotiations eventually led to a doctor who television film , broadcast on the fox network in 1996 as a co-production between fox , universal pictures , the bbc and bbc worldwide .
the new logo debuted on-air for abc 's promos at the start of the 1963–64 season .
however , there was a riot at buckland valley near bright in 1857. conditions on the gold fields were cramped and unsanitary ; an outbreak of typhoid at buckland valley in 1854 killed over 1,000 miners .
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century .
he also recruited and built a cadre of influential loyalists by placing sympathetic students in the university and military academy while serving as minister of education .
for example , the increase in tea drinking led to the production of tea paraphernalia such as china and caddies .
defensive ends derek wolfe and malik jackson each had 5½ sacks .
newborn infants have no prior exposure to microbes and are particularly vulnerable to infection .
in commission v austria the court held that austria was not entitled to restrict places in austrian universities to austrian students to avoid " structural , staffing and financial problems " if ( mainly german ) foreign students applied for places because there was little evidence of an actual problem .
wbt will also simulcast the game on its sister station wbt-fm ( 99.3 fm ) , which is based in chester , south carolina .
he was deeply influenced by two tutors , bartholomaeus arnoldi von usingen and jodocus trutfetter , who taught him to be suspicious of even the greatest thinkers and to test everything himself by experience .
it caused the most property damage of any earthquake in u.s. history , estimated at over $ 20 billion .
a site was chosen in houston , texas , on land donated by rice university , and administrator webb announced the conversion on september 19 , 1961. it was also clear nasa would soon outgrow its practice of controlling missions from its cape canaveral air force station launch facilities in florida , so a new mission control center would be included in the msc .
[ b ] the highest energy , partially filled orbitals are antibonding , and so their filling weakens the bond order from three to two .
modern mongolian historians say that towards the end of his life , genghis khan attempted to create a civil state under the great yassa that would have established the legal equality of all individuals , including women .
a dry type cooling tower is similar to an automobile radiator and is used in locations where water is costly .
however , x.25 and well as frame relay have been supplanted by the internet protocol ( ip ) at the network layer , and the asynchronous transfer mode ( atm ) and or versions of multi-protocol label switching ( mpls ) at layer two .
after each election to the scottish parliament , at the beginning of each parliamentary session , parliament elects one msp to serve as presiding officer , the equivalent of the speaker ( currently tricia marwick ) , and two msps to serve as deputies ( currently elaine smith and john scott ) .
temüjin had three brothers named hasar , hachiun , and temüge , and one sister named temülen , as well as two half-brothers named begter and belgutei .
[ h ] passengers traveling in ( pressurized ) commercial airplanes have an emergency supply of o 2 automatically supplied to them in case of cabin depressurization .
u.s. defense secretary robert gates called for establishing something similar to the defunct u.s. information agency , which was charged with undermining the communist ideology during the cold war .
as a consequence , luther was excommunicated by pope leo x on 3 january 1521 , in the bull decet romanum pontificem .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
while a child was in school , a teacher was expected to act as a substitute parent , with all the normal forms of parental discipline open to them .
the city leaders opened the gates to the mongols , though a unit of turkish defenders held the city 's citadel for another twelve days .
he started teaching in rotterdam , where he finished writing and publishing his multi-volume masterpiece , historical and critical dictionary .
at the beginning of 1893 westinghouse engineer benjamin lamme had made great progress developing an efficient version of tesla 's induction motor and westinghouse electric started branding their complete polyphase phase ac system as the " tesla polyphase system " , noting how they believed tesla 's patents gave them patent priority over other ac systems .
industrial activity , concentrated around the three largest urban centres , nairobi , mombasa and kisumu , is dominated by food-processing industries such as grain milling , beer production , and sugarcane crushing , and the fabrication of consumer goods , e.g. , vehicles from kits .
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus .
gareth hoskins was responsible for contemporary and architecture , softroom , islamic middle east and the members ' room , mcinnes usher mcknight architects ( muma ) were responsible for the new cafe and designed the new medieval and renaissance galleries which opened in 2009 .
to better illustrate this idea , bassett focuses his analysis of the role of nineteenth-century maps during the " scramble for africa " .
the rankine cycle is the fundamental thermodynamic underpinning of the steam engine .
some modern scholars , such as fielding h. garrison , are of the opinion that the origin of the science of geology can be traced to persia after the muslim conquests had come to an end .
his essay on confession , whether the pope has the power to require it rejected compulsory confession and encouraged private confession and absolution , since " every christian is a confessor . "
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " .
charles avison , the leading british composer of concertos in the 18th century , was born in newcastle upon tyne in 1709 and died there in 1770. basil hume , archbishop of westminster , was born in the city in 1923. vice admiral cuthbert collingwood , 1st baron collingwood , was born in the city .
in his later years , luther grew more hostile toward the jews , writing against them with the kind of venom he had already unleashed on the anabaptists , zwinglianism , and the papacy .
the church conference is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members .
it is expected that the continuous input of sediment into the lake will silt up the lake .
in 1225 both divisions returned to mongolia .
in the late 1980s , jon pertwee and colin baker both played the doctor at different times during the run of a play titled doctor who – the ultimate adventure .
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com .
while constitutional law concerns the european union 's governance structure , administrative law binds eu institutions and member states to follow the law .
the taliban were spawned by the thousands of madrasahs the deobandi movement established for impoverished afghan refugees and supported by governmental and religious groups in neighboring pakistan .
mongol armies pushed into persia , finished off the western xia and the remnants of the khwarezmids , and came into conflict with the imperial song dynasty of china , starting a war that lasted until 1279 and that concluded with the mongols gaining control of all of china .
it is conjectured that there are infinitely many twin primes , pairs of primes with difference 2 ( twin prime conjecture ) .
the jewellery collection , containing over 6000 items is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world and includes works dating from ancient egypt to the present day , as well as jewellery designs on paper .
karl von miltitz , a papal nuncio , attempted to broker a solution , but luther , who had sent the pope a copy of on the freedom of a christian in october , publicly set fire to the bull and decretals at wittenberg on 10 december 1520 , an act he defended in why the pope and his recent book are burned and assertions concerning all articles .
treaties apply as soon as they enter into force , unless stated otherwise , and are generally concluded for an unlimited period .
while the preparation of the assessment reports is a major ipcc function , it also supports other activities , such as the data distribution centre and the national greenhouse gas inventories programme , required under the unfccc .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
as such , the current high level of population has a large impact on this as well . if ( as wwf argued ) , population levels would start to drop to a sustainable level ( 1/3 of current levels , so about 2 billion people ) , human inequality can be addressed/corrected , while still not resulting in an increase of environmental damage .
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto .
the tentacles of cydippid ctenophores are typically fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) , although a few genera have simple tentacles without these sidebranches .
the climate in newcastle is oceanic ( köppen cfb ) and significantly milder than some other locations in the world at a similar latitude , due to the warming influence of the gulf stream ( via the north atlantic drift ) .
prime numbers are also used for hash tables and pseudorandom number generators .
on 31 july 2013 , bskyb and microsoft announced their settlement , in which microsoft will not appeal the ruling , and will rename its skydrive cloud storage service after an unspecified " reasonable period of time to allow for an orderly transition to a new brand , " plus " financial and other terms , the details of which are confidential " .
for instance , the set of problems solvable within time f ( n ) on a deterministic turing machine is then denoted by dtime ( f ( n ) ) .
for two performances , while pertwee was ill , david banks ( better known for playing cybermen ) played the doctor .
this routine consists of dividing n by each integer m that is greater than 1 and less than or equal to the square root of n. if the result of any of these divisions is an integer , then n is not a prime , otherwise it is a prime .
it is possible to use a mechanism based on a pistonless rotary engine such as the wankel engine in place of the cylinders and valve gear of a conventional reciprocating steam engine .
it received a 5 % production cut in december , causing a panic .
courts have distinguished between two types of civil disobedience : " indirect civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not , itself , the object of protest , whereas direct civil disobedience involves protesting the existence of a particular law by breaking that law . "
oxygen gas ( o 2 ) can be toxic at elevated partial pressures , leading to convulsions and other health problems .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
controlled , experimental studies exploring intrinsic motivation of college students has shown that nonverbal expressions of enthusiasm , such as demonstrative gesturing , dramatic movements which are varied , and emotional facial expressions , result in college students reporting higher levels of intrinsic motivation to learn .
huguenot immigrants did not disperse or settle in different parts of the country , but rather , formed three societies or congregations ; one in the city of new york , another 21 miles north of new york in a town which they named new rochelle , and a third further upstate in new paltz .
and " [ that ] reason in no way contributes to faith .
it is home to 60 % of australia 's 3 million dairy cattle and produces nearly two-thirds of the nation 's milk , almost 6.4 billion litres .
although the film was successful in the uk ( with 9.1 million viewers ) , it was less so in the united states and did not lead to a series .
the new office of the pm will have power and authority to co-ordinate and supervise the functions of the government and will be occupied by an elected mp who will be the leader of the party or coalition with majority members in parliament .
folklore says that a river was diverted over his grave to make it impossible to find ( the same manner of burial as the sumerian king gilgamesh of uruk and atilla the hun ) .
there is an extensive series of river systems in victoria .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
they ultimately decided to switch to german in protest against the occupation of prussia by napoleon in 1806-07. many of their descendents rose to positions of prominence .
in august 1917 , tesla explained what had happened in the electrical experimenter : " as an example of what has been done with several hundred kilowatts of high frequency energy liberated , it was found that the dynamos in a power house six miles away were repeatedly burned out , due to the powerful high frequency currents set up in them , and which caused heavy sparks to jump through the windings and destroy the insulation ! "
by contrast to the ecj 's relaxed approach , a committee of independent experts found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had ‘ even the slightest sense of responsibility ’ .
a major boost to the collections was the salting bequest made in 1909 , which enriched the museum 's stock of chinese and japanese ceramics .
this was a huge influx as the entire population of the dutch republic amounted to ca . 2 million at that time .
many of the same decisions and principles that apply in other criminal investigations and arrests arise also in civil disobedience cases .
such tankers are used to refill bulk liquid oxygen storage containers , which stand outside hospitals and other institutions with a need for large volumes of pure oxygen gas .
the united methodist church understands itself to be part of the holy catholic ( or universal ) church and it recognizes the historic ecumenical creeds , the apostle 's creed and the nicene creed ; which are used frequently in services of worship .
average annual precipitation is around 11.5 inches ( 292.1 mm ) , which , by definition , would classify the area as a semidesert .
while etioplasts lack chlorophyll , they have a yellow chlorophyll precursor stocked .
with great britain having claimed the entire australian continent east of the 135th meridian east in 1788 , victoria was included in the wider colony of new south wales .
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii .
in 1952 , when the release of the fcc 's sixth report and order announced the end of its freeze on new station license applications , among the issues the commission was slated to address was whether to approve the upt-abc merger .
he is also given credit for the introduction of the traditional mongolian script and the creation of the ikh zasag ( great administration ) , the first written mongolian law .
the bbc will carry its own british english broadcast , with greg brady , darren fletcher and rocky boiman on commentary .
the inner surface of the cavity is lined with an epithelium , the gastrodermis .
the plague of 1649 probably reduced the population of seville by half .
as opposed to broadcasts of primetime series , cbs broadcast special episodes of its late night talk shows as its lead-out programs for super bowl 50 , beginning with a special episode of the late show with stephen colbert following the game .
media commentators had debated whether the figure could be reached as the growth in subscriber numbers elsewhere in europe flattened .
due to its electronegativity , oxygen forms chemical bonds with almost all other elements to give corresponding oxides .
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 .
in 1064 , during the war of barbastro , william of montreuil led the papal army and took a huge booty .
finally it spread to northwestern russia in 1351. the plague was somewhat less common in parts of europe that had smaller trade relations with their neighbours , including the kingdom of poland , the majority of the basque country , isolated parts of belgium and the netherlands , and isolated alpine villages throughout the continent .
the nestorian physician jesus the interpreter founded the office of western medicine in 1263 during the reign of kublai .
luther 's rediscovery of " christ and his salvation " was the first of two points that became the foundation for the reformation .
tesla could be harsh at times and openly expressed disgust for overweight people , such as when he fired a secretary because of her weight .
from 1421 to 1904 , the meuse and waal merged further upstream at gorinchem to form merwede .
the negotiations were successfully concluded on 17 february 1546. after 8 a.m. , he experienced chest pains .
once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed , an occupancy permit may be issued .
all matters that are not specifically reserved are automatically devolved to the scottish parliament .
such experiments demonstrate the crucial properties that forces are additive vector quantities : they have magnitude and direction .
near the end of the 19th century compound engines came into widespread use .
a cylindrical service module ( sm ) supported the command module , with a service propulsion engine and an rcs with propellants , and a fuel cell power generation system with liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen reactants .
major bequests include reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of 154 gems bequeathed in 1869 , lady cory 's 1951 gift of major diamond jewellery from the 18th and 19th centuries , and jewellery scholar dame joan evans ' 1977 gift of more than 800 jewels dating from the middle ages to the early 19th century .
but now that human capital is scarcer than machines , widespread education has become the secret to growth . "
one of its earliest massive implementations was brought about by egyptians against the british occupation in the 1919 revolution .
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche .
in 1929 , the university 's fifth president , robert maynard hutchins , took office ; the university underwent many changes during his 24-year tenure .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
in 1990 , thomas s. murphy delegated his position as president to daniel b. burke while remaining abc 's chairman and ceo .
on 15 june 1520 , the pope warned luther with the papal bull ( edict ) exsurge domine that he risked excommunication unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings , including the 95 theses , within 60 days .
noble received other offers , including one from cbs founder william s. paley ; however , a merger with cbs would have forced that network to sell its new york city and los angeles stations at the very least .
in response to demands for a german liturgy , luther wrote a german mass , which he published in early 1526. he did not intend it as a replacement for his 1523 adaptation of the latin mass but as an alternative for the " simple people " , a " public stimulation for people to believe and become christians . "
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world .
as a result of the russo-japanese war in 1905 , japan took part of sakhalin island from russia .
one of the first significant gifts of costume came in 1913 when the v & a received the talbot hughes collection containing 1,442 costumes and items as a gift from harrods following its display at the nearby department store .
in an interview with newspaper editor arthur brisbane , tesla said that he did not believe in telepathy , stating , " suppose i made up my mind to murder you , " he said , " in a second you would know it .
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum .
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) .
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times .
in 2011 the board of pharmaceutical specialties approved ambulatory care pharmacy practice as a separate board certification .
one in five of all the bird species in the world live in the rainforests of the amazon , and one in five of the fish species live in amazonian rivers and streams .
the population density was 4,097.9 people per square mile ( 1,582.2/km² ) .
infrastructure is often called heavy/highway , heavy civil or heavy engineering .
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series .
the prince of płock , bolesław ii of masovia , established this settlement , the modern-day warsaw , in about 1300. in the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the dukes of masovia , becoming the official capital of masovian duchy in 1413 .
sir charles lyell first published his famous book , principles of geology , in 1830. this book , which influenced the thought of charles darwin , successfully promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism .
a series of religious conflicts followed , known as the wars of religion , fought intermittently from 1562 to 1598. the wars finally ended with the granting of the edict of nantes , which granted the huguenots substantial religious , political and military autonomy .
maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party in 1941 and remained its leader until 1972. however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising .
in case of the ipcc conclusions and the failure of the kyoto protocol , varying regional cost-benefit analysis and burden-sharing conflicts with regard to the distribution of emission reductions remain an unsolved problem .
all italian chocolate was made from cocoa butter alone , but british , danish and irish manufacturers used other vegetable fats .
the master is the doctor 's archenemy , a renegade time lord who desires to rule the universe .
the pharma ( as it was referred to ) often operated through a retail shop which , in addition to ingredients for medicines , sold tobacco and patent medicines .
gasquet ( 1908 ) claimed that the latin name atra mors ( black death ) for the 14th-century epidemic first appeared in modern times in 1631 in a book on danish history by j.i .
buddhism is the state 's largest non-christian religion , with 168,637 members as of the most recent census .
neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor , capital and land .
for most of human history higher material living standards – full stomachs , access to clean water and warmth from fuel – led to better health and longer lives .
the group has been designated a terrorist organisation by the united nations , the european union and member states , the united states , india , indonesia , turkey , saudi arabia , syria and other countries .
others say that this was—on the contrary—a very precise notation of a correct african pronunciation /ˈkɛnjə/ .
their local rivals , polonia warsaw , have significantly fewer supporters , yet they managed to win ekstraklasa championship in 2000. they also won the country ’ s championship in 1946 , and won the cup twice as well .
following the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event , the extinction of the dinosaurs and the wetter climate may have allowed the tropical rainforest to spread out across the continent .
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards .
under the unfair commercial practices directive , the eu harmonised restrictions on restrictions on marketing and advertising , to forbid conduct that distorts average consumer behaviour , is misleading or aggressive , and sets out a list of examples that count as unfair .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction .
the official opening by queen victoria was on 22 june 1857. in the following year , late night openings were introduced , made possible by the use of gas lighting .
tesla could be harsh at times and openly expressed disgust for overweight people , such as when he fired a secretary because of her weight .
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir .
while many homes in the neighborhood date back to the 1930s or before , the neighborhood is also home to several public housing developments built between the 1960s and 1990s by the fresno housing authority .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
gasquet ( 1908 ) claimed that the latin name atra mors ( black death ) for the 14th-century epidemic first appeared in modern times in 1631 in a book on danish history by j.i .
an unsuccessful naval expedition was undertaken against japan in 1274. kublai captured the song capital of hangzhou in 1276 , the wealthiest city of china .
ali bhutto , a leftist in democratic competition with islamists , had announced banning alcohol and nightclubs within six months , shortly before he was overthrown .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
on 17 may 1899 , tesla moved to colorado springs , where he would have room for his high-voltage , high-frequency experiments ; his lab was located near foote ave. and kiowa st. he chose this location because the polyphase alternating current power distribution system had been introduced there and he had associates who were willing to give him all the power he needed without charging for it .
by mass , oxygen is the third-most abundant element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium .
as of 2014 , the logo used for the third and eighth doctors is the primary logo used on all media and merchandise relating to past doctors , and the current doctor who logo is used for all merchandise relating to the current doctor .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
there are infinitely many primes , as demonstrated by euclid around 300 bc .
an islamist movement influenced by salafism and the jihad in afghanistan , as well as the muslim brotherhood , was the fis or front islamique de salut ( the islamic salvation front ) in algeria .
following the peterloo massacre of 1819 , poet percy shelley wrote the political poem the mask of anarchy later that year , that begins with the images of what he thought to be the unjust forms of authority of his time—and then imagines the stirrings of a new form of social action .
newcastle was successfully defended against the scots three times during the 14th century , and was created a county corporate with its own sheriff by henry iv in 1400 .
the infrastructure has developed a lot over the past years .
warsaw 's first stock exchange was established in 1817 and continued trading until world war ii .
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch .
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship .
extension causes the rock units as a whole to become longer and thinner .
private bills normally relate to large-scale development projects such as infrastructure projects that require the use of land or property .
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei .
the warfare was definitively quelled in 1598 , when henry of navarre , having succeeded to the french throne as henry iv , and having recanted protestantism in favour of roman catholicism , issued the edict of nantes .
in addition , a substantial and expanding informal sector commonly referred to as jua kali engages in small-scale manufacturing of household goods , motor-vehicle parts , and farm implements .
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk .
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports .
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union .
a member of davies ' team ( roger scantlebury ) met lawrence roberts at the 1967 acm symposium on operating system principles and suggested it for use in the arpanet .
nasa awarded all 32 of these astronauts its highest honor , the distinguished service medal , given for " distinguished service , ability , or courage " , and personal " contribution representing substantial progress to the nasa mission " .
the role of committees is stronger in the scottish parliament than in other parliamentary systems , partly as a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the government and partly to compensate for the fact that there is no revising chamber .
the event has its origins in the temperance movement during the early 1880s and coincides with the annual race week at high gosforth park .
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) .
the adaptive immune response is antigen-specific and requires the recognition of specific " non-self " antigens during a process called antigen presentation .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church .
the aim of the law was to prevent cut throat competition , not to hinder trade .
based on his industry experience on air force missile projects , mueller realized some skilled managers could be found among high-ranking officers in the united states air force , so he got webb 's permission to recruit general samuel c. phillips , who gained a reputation for his effective management of the minuteman program , as omsf program controller .
the private networks were often connected via gateways to the public network to reach locations not on the private network .
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g .
black 's law dictionary includes non-violence in its definition of civil disobedience .
the most recent additions are a center in new delhi , india , which opened in 2014 , and a center in hong kong which opened in 2015 .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
the small vesicles sometimes observed may serve as transport vesicles to shuttle stuff between the thylakoids and intermembrane space .
other bacteria generate surface proteins that bind to antibodies , rendering them ineffective ; examples include streptococcus ( protein g ) , staphylococcus aureus ( protein a ) , and peptostreptococcus magnus ( protein l ) .
an additional dollar spent by a poor person will go to things providing a great deal of utility to that person , such as basic necessities like food , water , and healthcare ; while , an additional dollar spent by a much richer person will very likely go to luxury items providing relatively less utility to that person .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
the two-tentacled " cydippid " lampea feeds exclusively on salps , close relatives of sea-squirts that form large chain-like floating colonies , and juveniles of lampea attach themselves like parasites to salps that are too large for them to swallow .
eisner left abc in 1976 to become president of paramount pictures ( and would later become the president of abc 's eventual parent company , disney ) .
today , this is known as the miasma theory .
however , this definition is disputed by thoreau 's political philosophy pitching the conscience vs. the collective .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
throughout the 1980s and 1990s , demand for a scottish parliament grew , in part because the government of the united kingdom was controlled by the conservative party , while scotland itself elected relatively few conservative mps .
in actuality , warsz was a 12th/13th-century nobleman who owned a village located at the modern-day site of mariensztat neighbourhood .
during his stay at wartburg , which he referred to as " my patmos " , luther translated the new testament from greek into german and poured out doctrinal and polemical writings .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
most species are hermaphrodites—a single animal can produce both eggs and sperm , meaning it can fertilize its own egg , not needing a mate .
over the next five days , private conferences were held to determine luther 's fate .
the commission 's president ( currently an ex-luxembourg prime minister , jean-claude juncker ) sets the agenda for the eu 's work .
seasonal rainfall is concentrated in the warmest months from may through september , while the driest months are from november through april .
instead of providing stable rules that support basic research while leaving plenty of scope for entrepreneurship and innovation , congresses and presidents have repeatedly backed policies which promise solutions that are politically expedient , but whose prospects are doubtful .
however , in real life , matter has extended structure and forces that act on one part of an object might affect other parts of an object .
individual huguenots settled at the cape of good hope from as early as 1671 with the arrival of françois villion ( viljoen ) .
ipcc author richard lindzen has made a number of criticisms of the tar .
at a meeting in albany in december 1755 , he laid out his plans for 1756. in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec .
this is underlined by an observation of herbivorous fishes deliberately feeding on gelatinous zooplankton during blooms in the red sea .
following the transition to democracy , the legal form of " model c " was abolished , however , the term continues to be used to describe government schools formerly reserved for white children.. these schools tend to produce better academic results than government schools formerly reserved for other race groups .
luther came to reject several teachings and practices of the late medieval catholic church .
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game .
every january , the university holds a week-long winter festival , kuviasungnerk/kangeiko , which include early morning exercise routines and fitness workshops .
a high-gain s-band antenna was used for long-distance communications on the lunar flights .
prime elements in z ) of the form 4k + 3 are gaussian primes , whereas rational primes of the form 4k + 1 are not .
within the last 5–10 million years , this accumulating water broke through the purus arch , joining the easterly flow toward the atlantic .
despite their soft , gelatinous bodies , fossils thought to represent ctenophores , apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms , have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early cambrian , about 515 million years ago .
even with this increase , the maximum it showed for the medieval warm period did not reach temperatures recorded in central england in 2007. the mbh99 finding was supported by cited reconstructions by jones et al . 1998 , pollack , huang & shen 1998 , crowley & lowery 2000 and briffa 2000 , using differing data and methods .
there is also a civil service tribunal to deal with eu staff issues , and then a separate court of auditors .
this pattern of higher incomes-longer lives still holds among poorer countries , where life expectancy increases rapidly as per capita income increases , but in recent decades it has slowed down among middle income countries and plateaued among the richest thirty or so countries in the world .
a computational problem can be viewed as an infinite collection of instances together with a solution for every instance .
further , the wisdom and prudence of certain decisions of procurement have been publicly questioned .
by working alongside the authorities to restore public order , he signalled his reinvention as a conservative force within the reformation .
for a precise definition of what it means to solve a problem using a given amount of time and space , a computational model such as the deterministic turing machine is used .
los angeles itself has many business districts including the downtown los angeles central business district as well as those lining the wilshire boulevard miracle mile including century city , westwood and warner center in the san fernando valley .
such professionals enjoy a status in some societies on a par with physicians , lawyers , engineers , and accountants ( chartered or cpa ) .
buddhism ( especially tibetan buddhism ) flourished , although taoism endured certain persecutions in favor of buddhism from the yuan government .
it was not until robert koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a nobel prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease .
narrow alleys or 'chares ' , most of which can only be traversed by foot , still exist in abundance , particularly around the riverside .
in primary schools each class has a teacher who stays with them for most of the week and will teach them the whole curriculum .
in the story , the doctor ( rowan atkinson ) encounters both the master ( jonathan pryce ) and the daleks .
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals .
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique .
the victoria and albert museum has a computer system but most of the items in the collection , unless those were newly accessioned into the collection , probably do not show up in the computer system .
for example , the decision problem in presburger arithmetic has been shown not to be in p , yet algorithms have been written that solve the problem in reasonable times in most cases .
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959. the series went on to quickly become " immensely popular " .
while the existence of these central government departments and the six ministries ( which had been introduced since the sui and tang dynasties ) gave a sinicized image in the yuan administration , the actual functions of these ministries also reflected how mongolian priorities and policies reshaped and redirected those institutions .
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
there has been a resurgence in popular interest in tesla since the 1990s .
this region includes territory belonging to nine nations .
in all , 97 of 253 episodes produced during the first six years of the programme are not held in the bbc 's archives ( most notably seasons 3 , 4 , & 5 , from which 79 episodes are missing ) .
imperialism and colonialism both dictate the political and economic advantage over a land and the indigenous populations they control , yet scholars sometimes find it difficult to illustrate the difference between the two .
the difference between the gini index for an income distribution before taxation and the gini index after taxation is an indicator for the effects of such taxation .
during the oligocene , for example , the rainforest spanned a relatively narrow band .
running back c. j. anderson was the team 's leading rusher 863 yards and seven touchdowns , while also catching 25 passes for 183 yards .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
traveling south on interstate 5 , the main gap to continued urbanization is camp pendleton .
late outbreaks in central europe included the italian plague of 1629–1631 , which is associated with troop movements during the thirty years ' war , and the great plague of vienna in 1679. over 60 % of norway 's population died in 1348–50 .
the jameel gallery of islamic art , opened in 2006 , houses a representative display of 400 objects with the highlight being the ardabil carpet , the centrepiece of the gallery .
brownlee notes that " although civil disobedients are constrained in their use of coercion by their conscientious aim to engage in moral dialogue , nevertheless they may find it necessary to employ limited coercion in order to get their issue onto the table . "
the competition resulted in edison machine works pursuing ac development in 1890 and by 1892 thomas edison was no longer in control of his own company , which was consolidated into the conglomerate general electric and converting to an ac delivery system at that point .
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river .
the city grew as an important centre for the wool trade in the 14th century , and later became a major coal mining area .
tesla 's theories on the possibility of the transmission by radio waves go back as far as lectures and demonstrations in 1893 in st. louis , missouri , the franklin institute in philadelphia , pennsylvania , and the national electric light association .
the account of his travels , il milione ( or , the million , known in english as the travels of marco polo ) , appeared about the year 1299. some argue over the accuracy of marco polo 's accounts due to the lack of mentioning the great wall of china , tea houses , which would have been a prominent sight since europeans had yet to adopt a tea culture , as well the practice of foot binding by the women in capital of the great khan .
free oxygen first appeared in significant quantities during the paleoproterozoic eon ( between 3.0 and 2.3 billion years ago ) .
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne .
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) .
still , the denomination is pro-choice and also " was a founding member of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ... [ and ] 2008 general conference [ went ] on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice " .
excellent job opportunities are expected as retirements , especially among secondary school teachers , outweigh slowing enrollment growth ; opportunities will vary by geographic area and subject taught .
before the actual research explicitly devoted to the complexity of algorithmic problems started off , numerous foundations were laid out by various researchers .
it was however superseded by the british invention steam turbine where speed was required , for instance in warships , such as the dreadnought battleships , and ocean liners .
as well as period rooms , the collection includes parts of buildings , for example the two top stories of the facade of sir paul pindar 's house dated c1600 from bishopsgate with elaborately carved wood work and leaded windows , a rare survivor of the great fire of london , there is a brick portal from a london house of the english restoration period and a fireplace from the gallery of northumberland house .
restrictions implemented by disney–abc television group on january 7 , 2014 restrict streaming of the most recent episode of any abc program on hulu and watch abc until eight days after their initial broadcast , in order to encourage live or same-week ( via both dvr and cable on demand ) viewing , with day-after-air streaming on either service limited to subscribers of participating pay television providers ( such as comcast , verizon fios and time warner cable ) using an isp account via an authenticated user login .
goldenson also cited interest in japan in the early 1950s , acquiring a 5 % stake in two new domestic networks , the mainichi broadcasting system in 1951 and nihon educational television in 1957. goldenson also invested in broadcasting properties in beirut in the mid-1960s .
the normans had a profound effect on irish culture and history after their invasion at bannow bay in 1169. initially the normans maintained a distinct culture and ethnicity .
innovations in newcastle and surrounding areas included the development of safety lamps , stephenson 's rocket , lord armstrong 's artillery , be-ro flour , joseph swan 's electric light bulbs , and charles parsons ' invention of the steam turbine , which led to the revolution of marine propulsion and the production of cheap electricity .
similar inverted repeats exist in the genomes of cyanobacteria and the other two chloroplast lineages ( glaucophyta and rhodophyceæ ) , suggesting that they predate the chloroplast , though some chloroplast dnas have since lost or flipped the inverted repeats ( making them direct repeats ) .
who did not consider the yuan dynasty as a legitimate dynasty of china , but rather as a period of foreign domination .
it consists of nine members , both laity and clergy , elected by the general conference for an eight-year term .
in 2000 , doctor who was ranked third in a list of the 100 greatest british television programmes of the 20th century , produced by the british film institute and voted on by industry professionals .
temüjin had killed the men who betrayed jamukha , stating that he did not want disloyal men in his army .
in many countries , elementary school education certificate is earned after completion of high school .
in education , teachers facilitate student learning , often in a school or academy or perhaps in another environment such as outdoors .
it has been hypothesized that he may have intercepted marconi 's european experiments in july 1899—marconi may have transmitted the letter s ( dot/dot/dot ) in a naval demonstration , the same three impulses that tesla hinted at hearing in colorado—or signals from another experimenter in wireless transmission .
during his third year , tesla gambled away his allowance and his tuition money , later gambling back his initial losses and returning the balance to his family .
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff .
systemic acquired resistance ( sar ) is a type of defensive response used by plants that renders the entire plant resistant to a particular infectious agent .
granal thylakoids are pancake-shaped circular disks about 300–600 nanometers in diameter .
the plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of british bacteriologist j. f. d. shrewsbury in 1970 , who noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague , leading him to conclude that contemporary accounts were exaggerations .
germanic tribes crossed the rhine in the migration period , by the 5th century establishing the kingdoms of francia on the lower rhine , burgundy on the upper rhine and alemannia on the high rhine .
harvard 's 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , about 3 miles ( 5 km ) west-northwest of the state house in downtown boston , and extends into the surrounding harvard square neighborhood .
while linked to low photosynthesis rates , the starch grains themselves may not necessarily interfere significantly with the efficiency of photosynthesis , and might simply be a side effect of another photosynthesis-depressing factor .
at the beginning of 1893 westinghouse engineer benjamin lamme had made great progress developing an efficient version of tesla 's induction motor and westinghouse electric started branding their complete polyphase phase ac system as the " tesla polyphase system " , noting how they believed tesla 's patents gave them patent priority over other ac systems .
however , there was a riot at buckland valley near bright in 1857. conditions on the gold fields were cramped and unsanitary ; an outbreak of typhoid at buckland valley in 1854 killed over 1,000 miners .
the bond can be variously described based on level of theory , but is reasonably and simply described as a covalent double bond that results from the filling of molecular orbitals formed from the atomic orbitals of the individual oxygen atoms , the filling of which results in a bond order of two .
henry ware was elected to the chair in 1805 , and the liberal samuel webber was appointed to the presidency of harvard two years later , which signaled the changing of the tide from the dominance of traditional ideas at harvard to the dominance of liberal , arminian ideas ( defined by traditionalists as unitarian ideas ) .
the programme originally ran from 1963 to 1989. there was an unsuccessful attempt to revive regular production in 1996 with a backdoor pilot , in the form of a television film .
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3. however , computing a or μ requires the knowledge of infinitely many primes to begin with .
abc 's western series ( as well as series such as the actioner zorro ) went up against and defeated the variety shows aired by nbc and cbs in the fall of 1957 , and its detective shows did the same in the fall of 1959. to captivate the network 's audiences , short 66-minute series were scheduled a half-hour before their hour-long competition .
he spent the rest of his career in this position at the university of wittenberg .
other institutions for higher education include the medical university of warsaw , the largest medical school in poland and one of the most prestigious , the national defence university , highest military academic institution in poland , the fryderyk chopin university of music the oldest and largest music school in poland , and one of the largest in europe , the warsaw school of economics , the oldest and most renowned economic university in the country , and the warsaw university of life sciences the largest agricultural university founded in 1818 .
the conquest of cyprus by the anglo-norman forces of the third crusade opened a new chapter in the history of the island , which would be under western european domination for the following 380 years .
a series of three small civil wars known as the huguenot rebellions broke out , mainly in southwestern france , between 1621 and 1629. revolted against royal authority .
as it approaches the dutch border , the rhine has an annual mean discharge of 2,290 m3/s ( 81,000 cu ft/s ) and an average width of 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) .
in the march battle of fort bull , french forces destroyed the fort and large quantities of supplies , including 45,000 pounds of gunpowder .
however , this practice has been criticized as potentially dangerous , especially by those who feel that only doctors can reliably assess contraindications , risk/benefit ratios , and an individual 's overall suitability for use of a medication .
plate tectonics also provided a mechanism for alfred wegener 's theory of continental drift , in which the continents move across the surface of the earth over geologic time .
while the concept of a " social market economy " was only introduced into eu law in 2007 , free movement and trade were central to european development since the treaty of rome 1957. according to the standard theory of comparative advantage , two countries can both benefit from trade even if one of them has a less productive economy in all respects .
since the rhine contributes most of the water , the shorter term rhine delta is commonly used .
these are the greater los angeles area at 17,786,419 , and san diego–tijuana at 5,105,768. of these metropolitan areas , the los angeles-long beach-santa ana metropolitan area , riverside-san bernardino-ontario metropolitan area , and oxnard-thousand oaks-ventura metropolitan area form greater los angeles ; while the el centro metropolitan area and san diego-carlsbad-san marcos metropolitan area form the southern border region .
the average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.21. in the city , the population was spread out with 23.9 % under the age of 18 , 10.5 % from 18 to 24 , 28.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.2 % from 45 to 64 , and 10.9 % who were 65 years of age or older .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
the " hugues hypothesis " argues that the name was derived by association with hugues capet , king of france , who reigned long before the reformation .
on april 12 , 1961 , soviet cosmonaut yuri gagarin became the first person to fly in space , reinforcing american fears about being left behind in a technological competition with the soviet union .
welsh medium education is available to all age groups through nurseries , schools , colleges and universities and in adult education ; lessons in the language itself are compulsory for all pupils until the age of 16 .
today , this acceleration due to gravity towards the surface of the earth is usually designated as and has a magnitude of about 9.81 meters per second squared ( this measurement is taken from sea level and may vary depending on location ) , and points toward the center of the earth .
in 1840 , the rhine crisis , prompted by french prime minister adolphe thiers 's desire to reinstate the rhine as a natural border , led to a diplomatic crisis and a wave of nationalism in germany .
it also bolstered some kind of conviction among poles that varsovians thought of themselves as better only because they lived in the capital .
major bequests include reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of 154 gems bequeathed in 1869 , lady cory 's 1951 gift of major diamond jewellery from the 18th and 19th centuries , and jewellery scholar dame joan evans ' 1977 gift of more than 800 jewels dating from the middle ages to the early 19th century .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac .
in response , king louis xv dispatched six regiments to new france under the command of baron dieskau in 1755. the british , intending to blockade french ports , sent out their fleet in february 1755 , but the french fleet had already sailed .
opened in 1850 by queen victoria , it was the first covered railway station in the world and was much copied across the uk .
the discourse of orientalism therefore served as an ideological justification of early western imperialism , as it formed a body of knowledge and ideas that rationalized social , cultural , political , and economic control of other territories .
these stages were called expansions , with double and triple expansion engines being common , especially in shipping where efficiency was important to reduce the weight of coal carried .
public schools , also known as state or government schools , are funded and run directly by the victoria department of education .
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism .
the textbook examples are cydippids with egg-shaped bodies and a pair of retractable tentacles fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) that are covered with colloblasts , sticky cells that capture prey .
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay .
the relevant minister , whose department the debate and motion relate to " winds up " the debate by speaking after all other participants .
on october 6 , 2004 , a joint japanese-mongolian archaeological dig uncovered what is believed to be genghis khan 's palace in rural mongolia , which raises the possibility of actually locating the ruler 's long-lost burial site .
the beroida , also known as nuda , have no feeding appendages , but their large pharynx , just inside the large mouth and filling most of the saclike body , bears " macrocilia " at the oral end .
an affectionate parody of the television series , it was split into four segments , mimicking the traditional serial format , complete with cliffhangers , and running down the same corridor several times when being chased ( the version released on video was split into only two episodes ) .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
his friends thought that he had drowned in the mur river .
the united methodist church , along with other methodist churches , condemns capital punishment , saying that it can not accept retribution or social vengeance as a reason for taking human life .
state route 180 ( kings canyon freeway ) comes from the west via mendota , and from the east in kings canyon national park going towards the city of reedley .
abc news provides news and features content for select radio stations owned by citadel broadcasting , which purchased the abc radio properties in 2007 .
through gentrification of older neighbourhoods , for example , in east new york , rental prices increased rapidly as landlords found new residents willing to pay higher market rate for housing and left lower income families without rental units .
an outbreak in 1471 took as much as 10–15 % of the population , while the death rate of the plague of 1479–80 could have been as high as 20 % .
similarly , the sieve of eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered a prime : a modified version of the sieve that considers 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of 1 ( that is , all other numbers ) and produce as output only the single number 1. furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function .
the service continued until the closure of bskyb 's analogue service on 27 september 2001 , due to the launch and expansion of the sky digital platform .
advances were realized in the fields of travel literature , cartography , geography , and scientific education .
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche .
the master is the doctor 's archenemy , a renegade time lord who desires to rule the universe .
the tallest building in downtown jacksonville 's skyline is the bank of america tower , constructed in 1990 as the barnett center .
over 60 schools converted to become national type schools .
as sea-level continued to rise in the netherlands , the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta began ( ~8,000 years ago ) .
warsaw ( polish : warszawa [ varˈʂava ] ( listen ) ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland .
" markets , by themselves , even when they are stable , often lead to high levels of inequality , outcomes that are widely viewed as unfair . "
in 1523 , luther wrote that jesus christ was born a jew which discouraged mistreatment of the jews and advocated their conversion by proving that the old testament could be shown to speak of jesus christ .
the three sources of european union law are primary law , secondary law and supplementary law .
the city 's residents fled to the north , most of them dying during the journey , but the infection had been spread to the people of asia minor .
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923. during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa .
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime .
the broncos took an early lead in super bowl 50 and never trailed .
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
because the job of bundle sheath chloroplasts is to carry out the calvin cycle and make sugar , they often contain large starch grains .
a site was chosen in houston , texas , on land donated by rice university , and administrator webb announced the conversion on september 19 , 1961. it was also clear nasa would soon outgrow its practice of controlling missions from its cape canaveral air force station launch facilities in florida , so a new mission control center would be included in the msc .
in addition to these effects , the milieu of hormones produced at this time ( leptin , pituitary growth hormone , and prolactin ) support the interactions between apcs and t-cells , a shift of the th1/th2 cytokine balance towards one that supports th1 , an increase in overall th cell proliferation , and naïve t cell migration to lymph nodes .
their local rivals , polonia warsaw , have significantly fewer supporters , yet they managed to win ekstraklasa championship in 2000. they also won the country ’ s championship in 1946 , and won the cup twice as well .
the ascent engine was fired in abort mode , known as a " fire-in-the-hole " test , where it was lit simultaneously with jettison of the descent stage .
other tales state that his grave was stampeded over by many horses , and that trees were then planted over the site , and the permafrost also did its part in hiding the burial site .
this was subsequently followed by more astra satellites as well as eutelsat 's eurobird 1 ( now eutelsat 33c ) at 28.5°e ) , enabled the company to launch a new all-digital service , sky , with the potential to carry hundreds of television and radio channels .
the non-deterministic turing machine has very little to do with how we physically want to compute algorithms , but its branching exactly captures many of the mathematical models we want to analyze , so that non-deterministic time is a very important resource in analyzing computational problems .
it became one of the 100 foundational texts of the us library of congress .
for example , in extended fluids , differences in pressure result in forces being directed along the pressure gradients as follows :
in 2005 agriculture , including forestry and fishing , accounted for 24 % of gdp , as well as for 18 % of wage employment and 50 % of revenue from exports .
based on genetic evidence derived from black death victims in the east smithfield burial site in england , schuenemann et al .
in the late 19th century , the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing 'system ' was used on some marine triple expansion engines .
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 .
according to economists david castells-quintana and vicente royuela , increasing inequality harms economic growth .
in 1937 , at a luncheon in his honor concerning the death ray , tesla stated , " but it is not an experiment ... i have built , demonstrated and used it .
there have been numerous attempts to revitalize the neighborhood , including the construction of a modern shopping center on the corner of fresno and b streets , an aborted attempt to build luxury homes and a golf course on the western edge of the neighborhood , and some new section 8 apartments have been built along church ave west of elm st. cargill meat solutions and foster farms both have large processing facilities in the neighborhood , and the stench from these ( and other small industrial facilities ) has long plagued area residents .
the spanish renamed the fort san mateo , and following the ejection of the french , st. augustine 's position as the most important settlement in florida was solidified .
the chinese-style elements of the bureaucracy mainly came from the native tang , song , as well as khitan liao and jurchen jin dynasties .
during the acute phase of inflammation , particularly as a result of bacterial infection , neutrophils migrate toward the site of inflammation in a process called chemotaxis , and are usually the first cells to arrive at the scene of infection .
the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) is a scientific intergovernmental body under the auspices of the united nations , set up at the request of member governments .
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere .
orientalism , as theorized by edward said , refers to how the west developed an imaginative geography of the east .
many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching , especially for hard-to-fill positions .
dendritic cells serve as a link between the bodily tissues and the innate and adaptive immune systems , as they present antigens to t cells , one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system .
however , as a result of the referendum in france and the referendum in the netherlands , the 2004 treaty establishing a constitution for europe never came into force .
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape .
abc would reattempt such a concept in july 2004 with the launch of abc news now , a 24-hour news channel distributed for viewing on the internet and mobile phones .
itv had increased its offer from £18m to £34m per year to keep control of the rights .
early valves could be adjusted by engine drivers , leading to many accidents when a driver fastened the valve down to allow greater steam pressure and more power from the engine .
the history of the steam engine stretches back as far as the first century ad ; the first recorded rudimentary steam engine being the aeolipile described by greek mathematician hero of alexandria .
after kenya 's independence on 12 december 1963 , an authority named the ominde commission was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty .
closely related fields in theoretical computer science are analysis of algorithms and computability theory .
another form ( allotrope ) of oxygen , ozone ( o 3 ) , strongly absorbs uvb radiation and consequently the high-altitude ozone layer helps protect the biosphere from ultraviolet radiation , but is a pollutant near the surface where it is a by-product of smog .
he said that there was no danger that his invention could be stolen , for he had at no time committed any part of it to paper ; the blueprint for the teleforce weapon was all in his mind .
the largest decline in private school numbers occurred between 1979 and 1984 , when the nation 's then-private catholic school system integrated .
following the arab spring , roy has described islamism as " increasingly interdependent " with democracy in much of the arab muslim world , such that " neither can now survive without the other . "
the quick and decisive defeat of the arab troops during the six-day war by israeli troops constituted a pivotal event in the arab muslim world .
in middle age , tesla became a close friend of mark twain ; they spent a lot of time together in his lab and elsewhere .
roger 's son , roger ii of sicily , was crowned king in 1130 ( exactly one century after rainulf was " crowned " count ) by antipope anacletus ii .
the state 's lowest minimum temperature of −11.7 °c ( 10.9 °f ) was recorded at omeo on 13 june 1965 , and again at falls creek on 3 july 1970. temperature extremes for the state are listed in the table below :
the zeta function is closely related to prime numbers .
harvard has an intense athletic rivalry with yale university culminating in the game , although the harvard–yale regatta predates the football game .
it is led by an executive committee , chaired by a president with the assistance of two vice presidents , one for administration and the other for student life , elected together as a slate by the student body each spring .
oxygen also occurs in phosphate ( po3− 4 ) groups in the biologically important energy-carrying molecules atp and adp , in the backbone and the purines ( except adenine ) and pyrimidines of rna and dna , and in bones as calcium phosphate and hydroxylapatite .
wages work in the same way as prices for any other good .
activities include controlling the museum environment ( for example , temperature and light ) and preventing pests ( primarily insects ) from damaging artefacts .
rail transport in victoria is provided by several private and public railway operators who operate over government-owned lines .
the colony of kenya and the protectorate of kenya each came to an end on 12 december 1963 with independence being conferred on all of kenya .
temüjin began his ascent to power by offering himself as an ally ( or , according to other sources , a vassal ) to his father 's anda ( sworn brother or blood brother ) toghrul , who was khan of the keraites , and is better known by the chinese title " wang khan " , which the jurchen jin dynasty granted him in 1197. this relationship was first reinforced when börte was captured by the merkits .
the network 's troubles with sustaining existing series and gaining new hits spilled over into its 2010–11 schedule : abc 's dramas during that season continued to fail , with the midseason forensic investigation drama body of proof being the only one that was renewed for a second season .
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
creating an index of " health and social problems " from nine factors , authors richard wilkinson and kate pickett found health and social problems " more common in countries with bigger income inequalities " , and more common among states in the us with larger income inequalities .
about 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) from warsaw , the vistula river 's environment changes strikingly and features a perfectly preserved ecosystem , with a habitat of animals that includes the otter , beaver and hundreds of bird species .
kenyan athletes ( particularly kalenjin ) continue to dominate the world of distance running , although competition from morocco and ethiopia has reduced this supremacy .
moreover , in 2011 and 2012 , the united methodist church 's general board of church and society called on all united methodists to abstain from alcohol for lent .
when the double expansion group is duplicated , producing a 4-cylinder compound , the individual pistons within the group are usually balanced at 180° , the groups being set at 90° to each other .
the v & a holds over 19,000 items from the islamic world , ranging from the early islamic period ( the 7th century ) to the early 20th century .
however , over the past decade warsaw has seen many improvements due to solid economic growth , an increase in foreign investment as well as funding from the european union .
but some activists have opted to enter a blind plea , pleading guilty without any plea agreement in place .
michael mullett considers this speech as a " world classic of epoch-making oratory . "
since approximately 600,000 years ago , six major ice ages have occurred , in which sea level dropped 120 m ( 390 ft ) and much of the continental margins became exposed .
its name originated from the latin word " imperium " , which means to rule over large territories .
he is shown in mini-episode " the night of the doctor " to have been retroactively inserted into the show 's fictional chronology between mcgann and eccleston 's doctors , although his introduction was written so as not to disturb the established numerical naming of the doctors .
despite that the warsaw university of technology building ( 1899–1902 ) is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture .
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012. kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip .
his loyal secretary , dorothy skerrit , wrote : " his genial smile and nobility of bearing always denoted the gentlemanly characteristics that were so ingrained in his soul . "
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls .
[ citation needed ] a group of huguenots was part of the french colonisers who arrived in brazil in 1555 to found france antarctique .
meanwhile , the relationship between non-human primates in the subsistence and symbolism of indigenous lowland south american peoples has gained increased attention , as have ethno-biology and community-based conservation efforts .
during that time in europe , on may 18 , 1756 , england formally declared war on france , which expanded the war into europe , which was later to be known as the seven years ' war .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
they differ from glaucophyte and red algal chloroplasts in that they have lost their phycobilisomes , and contain chlorophyll b instead .
preparatory schools in the uk prepare pupils aged up to 13 years old to enter public schools .
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union .
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force .
contacts with the west also brought the introduction to china of a major food crop , sorghum , along with other foreign food products and methods of preparation .
a 2012 study found that teachers experienced double the rate of anxiety , depression , and stress than average workers .
much of the work of the scottish parliament is done in committee .
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty .
in a few species like cyanidioschyzon merolæ , chloroplasts have a third plastid-dividing ring located in the chloroplast 's intermembrane space .
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal " sea gooseberry , " pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round .
however , chivas were suspended following the 2014 mls season , with a second mls team scheduled to return in 2018 .
after the capital samarkand fell , the capital was moved to bukhara by the remaining men , while genghis khan ordered two of his generals and their forces to completely destroy the remnants of the khwarezmid empire , including not only royal buildings , but entire towns , populations , and even vast swaths of farmland .
as well as the proposer , other members normally contribute to the debate .
on august 29 , 1994 , abc purchased flint , michigan affiliate wjrt-tv and wtvg in toledo , ohio ( which was previously affiliated with abc from 1958 to 1970 ) from sjl broadcast management , with the latter switching to abc once its contract with nbc expired two months after the purchase was finalized in early 1995. both stations were acquired as a contingency plan in the event that cbs reached an affiliation deal with wxyz-tv ( to replace wjbk , which switched to fox as a result of that network 's group affiliation agreement with new world communications ) in order to allow the network to retain some over-the-air presence in the detroit market ( the e.w .
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism .
in 1896 , the university affiliated with shimer college in mount carroll , illinois .
[ citation needed ] in the united states , in order for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid , it must be issued for a legitimate medical purpose by a licensed practitioner acting in the course of legitimate doctor-patient relationship .
most ministers and their juniors are drawn from amongst the elected msps , with the exception of scotland 's chief law officers : the lord advocate and the solicitor general .
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations ( broadcasting either in analog or digital ) in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama ( wbma-ld ) , lima , ohio ( wlqp-lp ) and south bend , indiana ( wbnd-ld ) .
they calculate with confidence that co2 has been responsible for over half the enhanced greenhouse effect .
luther secretly returned to wittenberg on 6 march 1522. he wrote to the elector : " during my absence , satan has entered my sheepfold , and committed ravages which i can not repair by writing , but only by my personal presence and living word . "
luther 's final journey , to mansfeld , was taken because of his concern for his siblings ' families continuing in their father hans luther 's copper mining trade .
there were 158,349 households , of which 68,511 ( 43.3 % ) had children under the age of 18 living in them , 69,284 ( 43.8 % ) were opposite-sex married couples living together , 30,547 ( 19.3 % ) had a female householder with no husband present , 11,698 ( 7.4 % ) had a male householder with no wife present .
gamma delta t cells ( γδ t cells ) possess an alternative t cell receptor ( tcr ) as opposed to cd4+ and cd8+ ( αβ ) t cells and share the characteristics of helper t cells , cytotoxic t cells and nk cells .
for example , an experienced teacher and parent described the place of a teacher in learning as follows : " the real bulk of learning takes place in self-study and problem solving with a lot of feedback around that loop .
newton 's first law of motion states that objects continue to move in a state of constant velocity unless acted upon by an external net force or resultant force .
fresno became an incorporated city in 1885. by 1931 the fresno traction company operated 47 streetcars over 49 miles of track .
on 1 february 2007 , the eve of the publication of ipcc 's major report on climate , a study was published suggesting that temperatures and sea levels have been rising at or above the maximum rates proposed during the last ipcc report in 2001. the study compared ipcc 2001 projections on temperature and sea level change with observations .
[ citation needed ] it may be possible that another kuznets ' cycle is occurring , specifically the move from the manufacturing sector to the service sector .
between the lobes on either side of the mouth , many species of lobates have four auricles , gelatinous projections edged with cilia that produce water currents that help direct microscopic prey toward the mouth .
these campaigns were often accompanied by wholesale massacres of the civilian populations – especially in the khwarezmian and xia controlled lands .
in 1926 , tesla commented on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality , and indicated that humanity 's future would be run by " queen bees . "
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality .
duisburg is the home of europe 's largest inland port and functions as a hub to the sea ports of rotterdam , antwerp and amsterdam .
during his reign , the da yuan tong zhi ( chinese : 大元通制 , " the comprehensive institutions of the great yuan " ) , a huge collection of codes and regulations of the yuan dynasty begun by his father , was formally promulgated .
he received his master 's degree in 1505 .
two block i csms were launched from lc-34 on suborbital flights in 1966 with the saturn ib .
for the third straight season , the number one seeds from both conferences met in the super bowl .
utility and industrial boilers commonly use multi-stage centrifugal pumps ; however , other types are used .
similarly , the sieve of eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered a prime : a modified version of the sieve that considers 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of 1 ( that is , all other numbers ) and produce as output only the single number 1. furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
three additional putative species were then found in the burgess shale and other canadian rocks of similar age , about 505 million years ago in the mid-cambrian period .
this makes the apicoplast an attractive target for drugs to cure apicomplexan-related diseases .
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes .
civil disobedience is one of the many ways people have rebelled against what they deem to be unfair laws .
policies aiming at controlling unemployment and in particular at reducing its inequality-associated effects support economic growth .
in the view of luther 's biographer martin brecht , " giving confessional advice for philip of hesse was one of the worst mistakes luther made , and , next to the landgrave himself , who was directly responsible for it , history chiefly holds luther accountable " .
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012. kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip .
dr. harrison schmitt , a geologist , was the first nasa scientist astronaut to fly in space , and landed on the moon on the last mission , apollo 17. schmitt participated in the lunar geology training of all of the apollo landing crews .
in 1970 , the fcc voted to pass the financial interest and syndication rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any of the prime time programming that they broadcast .
plague was reportedly first introduced to europe via genoese traders at the port city of kaffa in the crimea in 1347. after a protracted siege , during which the mongol army under jani beg was suffering from the disease , the army catapulted the infected corpses over the city walls of kaffa to infect the inhabitants .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
temüjin began his ascent to power by offering himself as an ally ( or , according to other sources , a vassal ) to his father 's anda ( sworn brother or blood brother ) toghrul , who was khan of the keraites , and is better known by the chinese title " wang khan " , which the jurchen jin dynasty granted him in 1197. this relationship was first reinforced when börte was captured by the merkits .
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza .
in principle , this means that any significant new evidence or events that change our understanding of climate science between this deadline and publication of an ipcc report can not be included .
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz .
the college of the university of chicago grants bachelor of arts and bachelor of science degrees in 50 academic majors and 28 minors .
some forms of civil disobedience , such as illegal boycotts , refusals to pay taxes , draft dodging , distributed denial-of-service attacks , and sit-ins , make it more difficult for a system to function .
conversely , education raises incomes and promotes growth because it helps to unleash the productive potential of the poor .
phillips ' superior officer bernard a. schriever agreed to loan phillips to nasa , along with a staff of officers under him , on the condition that phillips be made apollo program director .
there are two major subtypes of t cells : the killer t cell and the helper t cell .
luther 's 1541 hymn " christ unser herr zum jordan kam " ( " to jordan came the christ our lord " ) reflects the structure and substance of his questions and answers concerning baptism in the small catechism .
in the united states especially , several high-profile cases such as debra lafave , pamela rogers , and mary kay letourneau have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct .
paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms to determine what the climate was like millions of years ago ( see oxygen isotope ratio cycle ) .
cbs introduced new features during the telecast , including pylon cameras and microphones along with eyevision 360—an array of 36 cameras along the upper deck that can be used to provide a 360-degree view of plays and " bullet time " effects .
many machine models different from the standard multi-tape turing machines have been proposed in the literature , for example random access machines .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 142 pounds ( 64 kg ) , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926.:292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities .
the module was 11.42 feet ( 3.48 m ) tall , 12.83 feet ( 3.91 m ) in diameter , and weighed approximately 12,250 pounds ( 5,560 kg ) .
the 2011–12 season saw abc drop to fourth place in the 18–49 demographic despite renewing a handful of new shows ( including freshmen dramas scandal , revenge and once upon a time ) for second seasons .
however he can not do so until a 4-week period has elapsed , during which the law officers of the scottish government or uk government can refer the bill to the supreme court of the united kingdom for a ruling on whether it is within the powers of the parliament .
in july 1968 , abc radio launched a special programming project for its fm stations , which was spearheaded by allen shaw , a former program manager at wcfl in chicago who was approached by abc radio president harold l. neal to develop a format to compete with the new progressive rock and dj-helmed stations .
his entry into paradise , no less , was a discovery about " the righteousness of god " – a discovery that " the just person " of whom the bible speaks ( as in romans 1:17 ) lives by faith .
the fso car factory was established in 1951. a number of vehicles have been assembled there over the decades , including the warszawa , syrena , fiat 125p ( under license from fiat , later renamed fso 125p when the license expired ) and the polonez .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
following a referendum in 1997 , in which the scottish electorate voted for devolution , the current parliament was convened by the scotland act 1998 , which sets out its powers as a devolved legislature .
the movement which would become the united methodist church began in the mid-18th century within the church of england .
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic .
according to a 1955 review , savings by the wealthy , if these increase with inequality , were thought to offset reduced consumer demand .
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) .
some of tesla 's patents are not accounted for , and various sources have discovered some that have lain hidden in patent archives .
in october , there is the design event festival—an annual festival providing the public with an opportunity to see work by regional , national and international designers .
other recommendations included that the panel employ a full-time staff and remove government oversight from its processes to avoid political interference .
southern california is home to many major business districts .
in 1981 , abc ( through its abc video services division ) launched the alpha repertory television service ( arts ) , a cable channel operated as a joint venture with the hearst corporation offering cultural and arts programming , which aired as a nighttime service over the channel space of nickelodeon .
the pound-force has a metric counterpart , less commonly used than the newton : the kilogram-force ( kgf ) ( sometimes kilopond ) , is the force exerted by standard gravity on one kilogram of mass .
the committee recommended that the 7–4–2–3 system be changed to an 8–4–4 system ( eight years in primary , four years in secondary , and four years in university education ) .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
sky picked up the remaining four for £1.3bn .
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) .
these jurisdictions also usually specify that only pharmacists may supply scheduled pharmaceuticals to the public , and that pharmacists can not form business partnerships with physicians or give them " kickback " payments .
a decade after the 1973 oil crisis , honda , toyota and nissan , affected by the 1981 voluntary export restraints , opened us assembly plants and established their luxury divisions ( acura , lexus and infiniti , respectively ) to distinguish themselves from their mass-market brands .
conversely , non-self molecules are those recognized as foreign molecules .
the command module ( cm ) was the conical crew cabin , designed to carry three astronauts from launch to lunar orbit and back to an earth ocean landing .
problems with the yes/no answers reversed ) of np problems .
most of the emperors could not master written chinese , but they could generally converse well in the language .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
the scots king william the lion was imprisoned in newcastle in 1174 , and edward i brought the stone of scone and william wallace south through the town .
rhodoplasts have chlorophyll a and phycobilins for photosynthetic pigments ; the phycobilin phycoerytherin is responsible for giving many red algae their distinctive red color .
when guglielmo marconi made his famous first-ever transatlantic radio transmission in 1901 , tesla quipped that it was done with 17 tesla patents , though there is little to support this claim .
the national science foundation network ( nsfnet ) was a program of coordinated , evolving projects sponsored by the national science foundation ( nsf ) beginning in 1985 to promote advanced research and education networking in the united states .
the megaregion 's area is more expansive , extending east into las vegas , nevada , and south across the mexican border into tijuana .
abc airs nba games on sundays , normally starting in january as " nba sunday showcase " during the regular season , and shows christmas day games , regularly between 2–7 pm et , and nba playoff games during the weekends , and exclusive rights to the nba finals .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
however , the university chose to withdraw from the conference in 1946 after university president robert maynard hutchins de-emphasized varsity athletics in 1939 and dropped football .
seawater molecules that contain the lighter isotope , oxygen-16 , evaporate at a slightly faster rate than water molecules containing the 12 % heavier oxygen-18 ; this disparity increases at lower temperatures .
at the time the only concern was that member states should be prevented from violating human rights , hence the establishment of the european convention on human rights in 1950 and the establishment of the european court of human rights .
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility .
socialists attribute the vast disparities in wealth to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners , creating a situation where a small portion of the population lives off unearned property income by virtue of ownership titles in capital equipment , financial assets and corporate stock .
therefore , the european court of justice can not uphold measures which are incompatible with fundamental rights recognised and protected in the constitutions of member states .
in the 1330s a large number of natural disasters and plagues led to widespread famine , starting in 1331 , with a deadly plague arriving soon after .
as the speed grew , it is said that the machine oscillated at the resonance frequency of his own building and , belatedly realizing the danger , he was forced to use a sledge hammer to terminate the experiment , just as the police arrived .
another important library – the university library , founded in 1816 , is home to over two million items .
today , this acceleration due to gravity towards the surface of the earth is usually designated as and has a magnitude of about 9.81 meters per second squared ( this measurement is taken from sea level and may vary depending on location ) , and points toward the center of the earth .
the image of the tardis has become firmly linked to the show in the public 's consciousness ; bbc scriptwriter anthony coburn , who lived in the resort of herne bay , kent , was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine .
it is a single-step , 5-cylinder engine ( no compound ) with superheated steam and consumes approx .
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine .
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season .
the 17th century royal ujazdów castle currently houses centre for contemporary art , with some permanent and temporary exhibitions , concerts , shows and creative workshops .
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
they have extensive botanical collection of rare domestic and foreign plants , while a palm house in the new orangery displays plants of subtropics from all over the world .
the maroons compete in the ncaa 's division iii as members of the university athletic association ( uaa ) .
passenger rail service is provided by amtrak san joaquins .
perhaps the most significant difference between primary school and secondary school teaching is the relationship between teachers and children .
korean economist hoesung lee is the chair of the ipcc since october 8 , 2015 , following the election of the new ipcc bureau .
tumor antigens are presented on mhc class i molecules in a similar way to viral antigens .
an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech , and he died shortly afterwards at 2:45 a.m. on 18 february 1546 , aged 62 , in eisleben , the city of his birth .
southern california is divided culturally , politically , and economically into distinctive regions , each containing its own culture and atmosphere , anchored usually by a city with both national and sometimes global recognition , which are often the hub of economic activity for its respective region and being home to many tourist destinations .
this is not a problem except for patients on mechanical ventilators , since gas supplied through oxygen masks in medical applications is typically composed of only 30 % –50 % o 2 by volume ( about 30 kpa at standard pressure ) .
economist simon kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development .
the region spans from pacific ocean islands , shorelines , beaches , and coastal plains , through the transverse and peninsular ranges with their peaks , into the large and small interior valleys , to the vast deserts of california .
breathing pure o 2 in space applications , such as in some modern space suits , or in early spacecraft such as apollo , causes no damage due to the low total pressures used .
similarly in überseering bv v nordic construction gmbh the court of justice held that a german court could not deny a dutch building company the right to enforce a contract in germany on the basis that it was not validly incorporated in germany .
his father arranged a marriage for him , and at nine years of age he was delivered by his father to the family of his future wife börte , who was a member of the tribe khongirad .
however , the turf showed problem throughout the game , with a number of players needing to change their cleats during the game and player slipping during plays all throughout the game .
ironmaster , metallurgist , and member of parliament isaac lowthian bell was born in the city in 1816. other notable people born in or associated with newcastle include : engineer and industrialist lord armstrong , engineer and father of the modern steam railways george stephenson , his son , also an engineer , robert stephenson , engineer and inventor of the steam turbine sir charles parsons , inventor of the incandescent light bulb sir joseph swan , modernist poet basil bunting , and lord chief justice peter taylor .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
starting in 1934 , the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company began paying tesla $ 125 per month as well as paying his rent at the hotel new yorker , expenses the company would pay for the rest of tesla 's life .
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites .
the original logo used for the first doctor ( and briefly for the second doctor ) was reused in a slightly modified format for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " during the eleventh doctor 's run .
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view .
in october 2010 , medical geneticists suggested that all three of the great waves of the plague originated in china .
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching .
to avoid interference with existing vhf television stations in the san francisco bay area and those planned for chico , sacramento , salinas , and stockton , the federal communications commission decided that fresno would only have uhf television stations .
the gonads are located in the parts of the internal canal network under the comb rows , and eggs and sperm are released via pores in the epidermis .
all actions by eu institutions can be subject to judicial review , and judged by standards of proportionality , particularly where general principles of law , or fundamental rights are engaged .
the most widely accepted estimate for the middle east , including iraq , iran and syria , during this time , is for a death rate of about a third .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation .
however its role participation in the legislative process still remains limited because no member can actually or pass legislation without the commission and council , meaning power ( " kratia " ) is not in the hands of directly elected representatives of the people ( " demos " ) : in the eu it is not yet true that " the administration is in the hands of the many and not of the few . "
these flights validated the service module engine and the command module heat shield .
in recent years " the gate " has opened in the city centre , a new indoor complex consisting of bars , upmarket clubs , restaurants and a 12-screen empire multiplex cinema .
for this reason , those with experience in the field make detailed plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome .
this region includes territory belonging to nine nations .
the colorado experiments had prepared tesla for the establishment of the trans-atlantic wireless telecommunications facility known as wardenclyffe near shoreham , long island .
the initial 235 acres ( 0.95 km2 ) , combined with additional acres acquired later by the city , brings the park to a sizable 300 acres ( 1.2 km2 ) .
the university is accredited by the higher learning commission .
islamist movements such as the muslim brotherhood , " are well known for providing shelters , educational assistance , free or low cost medical clinics , housing assistance to students from out of town , student advisory groups , facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands , legal assistance , sports facilities , and women 's groups . "
at the begin of the holocene ( ~11,700 years ago ) , the rhine occupied its late-glacial valley .
this caused increased flooding and sedimentation , ending peat formation in the delta .
chloroplasts can grow and progress through some of the constriction stages under poor quality green light , but are slow to complete division—they require exposure to bright white light to complete division .
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount .
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir .
the objective is typically accomplished through either an informal or formal approach to learning , including a course of study and lesson plan that teaches skills , knowledge and/or thinking skills .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
the last active huguenot congregation in north america worships in charleston , south carolina , at a church that dates to 1844. the huguenot society of america maintains manakin episcopal church in virginia as an historic shrine with occasional services .
it won the coveted sunday times university of the year award in 2000. northumbria university has its origins in the newcastle polytechnic , established in 1969 and became the university of northumbria at newcastle in 1992 as part of the uk-wide process in which polytechnics became new universities .
during that year , tesla worked in pittsburgh , helping to create an alternating current system to power the city 's streetcars .
in the stomach , gastric acid and proteases serve as powerful chemical defenses against ingested pathogens .
only the series from 2009 onwards are available on blu-ray , except for the 1970 story spearhead from space , released in july 2013. many early releases have been re-released as special editions , with more bonus features .
stage 1 is the first , or introductory stage of the bill , where the minister or member in charge of the bill will formally introduce it to parliament together with its accompanying documents – explanatory notes , a policy memorandum setting out the policy underlying the bill , and a financial memorandum setting out the costs and savings associated with it .
during that year , tesla taught a large class of students in his old school , higher real gymnasium , in gospić .
these plasma waves can occur in force-free magnetic fields .
the worst-case is when the input is sorted or sorted in reverse order , and the algorithm takes time o ( n2 ) for this case .
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
first , linebacker shaq thompson tackled ronnie hillman for a 3-yard loss .
the unproven riemann hypothesis , dating from 1859 , states that except for s = −2 , −4 , ... , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 .
while this effect is manifested macroscopically as a structural force , it is technically only the result of the existence of a finite set of electron states .
viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901 , with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by walter reed .
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g .
luther sympathised with some of the peasants ' grievances , as he showed in his response to the twelve articles in may 1525 , but he reminded the aggrieved to obey the temporal authorities .
's 1970 survey of 4,745 north american lutherans aged 15–65 found that , compared to the other minority groups under consideration , lutherans were the least prejudiced toward jews .
william pitt came to power and significantly increased british military resources in the colonies at a time when france was unwilling to risk large convoys to aid the limited forces it had in new france .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek .
toghrul , as temüjin 's patron , was exiled to the qara khitai .
such services include the thorough analysis of all medication ( prescription , non-prescription , and herbals ) currently being taken by an individual .
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
tesla spent over $ 2,000 , including building a device that comfortably supported her so her bones could heal , to fix her broken wing and leg .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
that is , they impart magnetic character to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field , because of the spin magnetic moments of the unpaired electrons in the molecule , and the negative exchange energy between neighboring o 2 molecules .
toghrul allied himself with jamukha , who already opposed temüjin 's forces ; however , the internal dispute between toghrul and jamukha , plus the desertion of a number of their allies to temüjin , led to toghrul 's defeat .
the network had earlier reached an eleventh-hour deal to renew its carriage agreement with the provider on december 31 , 1999. abc filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to force twc to restore the affected stations ; the fcc ruled in favor of abc , ordering time warner cable to restore the stations , doing so on the afternoon of may 2. abc ended the 2000–01 season as the most-watched network , ahead of nbc .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
before the foundation can be dug , contractors are typically required to verify and have existing utility lines marked , either by the utilities themselves or through a company specializing in such services .
this allowed increased communication and trade between the west , middle east and asia , thus expanding the horizons of all three cultural areas .
the name spread through scandinavia and then germany , gradually becoming attached to the mid 14th-century epidemic as a proper name .
hence , the ground state of the o 2 molecule is referred to as triplet oxygen .
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them .
however , as one and the same valve usually controls both steam flows , a short cutoff at admission adversely affects the exhaust and compression periods which should ideally always be kept fairly constant ; if the exhaust event is too brief , the totality of the exhaust steam can not evacuate the cylinder , choking it and giving excessive compression ( " kick back " ) .
linebacker demarcus ware was selected to play in the pro bowl for the ninth time in his career , ranking second on the team with 7½ sacks .
zachęta national gallery of art , the oldest exhibition site in warsaw , with a tradition stretching back to the mid-19th century organises exhibitions of modern art by polish and international artists and promotes art in many other ways .
the united methodist church has since 1985 been exploring a possible merger with three historically african-american methodist denominations : the african methodist episcopal church , the african methodist episcopal zion church , and the christian methodist episcopal church .
most species have eight strips , called comb rows , that run the length of their bodies and bear comb-like bands of cilia , called " ctenes , " stacked along the comb rows so that when the cilia beat , those of each comb touch the comb below .
unlike neoliberalism , which “ defines well-being as utility maximization ” , economic growth and income are considered a means to an end rather than the end itself .
this shift has already commenced in some countries ; for instance , pharmacists in australia receive remuneration from the australian government for conducting comprehensive home medicines reviews .
this is termed cyclic photophosphorylation because the electrons are recycled .
cabinet consists of representatives elected to either house of parliament .
the affected region was approximate 1,160,000 square miles ( 3,000,000 km2 ) of rainforest , compared to 734,000 square miles ( 1,900,000 km2 ) in 2005. the 2010 drought had three epicenters where vegetation died off , whereas in 2005 the drought was focused on the southwestern part .
despite being relatively unaffected by the embargo , the uk nonetheless faced an oil crisis of its own - a series of strikes by coal miners and railroad workers over the winter of 1973–74 became a major factor in the change of government .
roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players also opened nearby in 1978 , [ citation needed ] at olive and wishon avenues .
the specific devolved matters are all subjects which are not explicitly stated in schedule 5 to the scotland act as reserved matters .
his opinion stemmed from the belief that humans ' " pity " had interfered with the natural " ruthless workings of nature , " rather than from conceptions of a " master race " or inherent superiority of one person over another .
all of the u. s. flags left on the moon during the apollo missions were found to still be standing , with the exception of the one left during the apollo 11 mission , which was blown over during that mission 's lift-off from the lunar surface and return to the mission command module in lunar orbit ; the degree to which these flags retain their original colors remains unknown .
tesla worked every day from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. or later , with dinner from exactly 8:10 p.m. , at delmonico 's restaurant and later the waldorf-astoria hotel .
howard zinn writes , " there may be many times when protesters choose to go to jail , as a way of continuing their protest , as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice .
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion ( due to fermionic nature of electrons ) follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects .
to help reduce consumption , in 1974 a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph ( about 88 km/h ) was imposed through the emergency highway energy conservation act .
it has also been argued that breaking the law for self-gratification , as in the case of a homosexual or cannabis user who does not direct his act at securing the repeal of amendment of the law , is not civil disobedience .
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example .
other big forest area is kabaty forest by the southern city border .
unfortunately , the country has not attained the level of investment and efficiency in agriculture that can guarantee food security and coupled with resulting poverty ( 53 % of the population lives below the poverty line ) , a significant portion of the population regularly starves and is heavily dependent on food aid .
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
muqali , a trusted lieutenant , was given command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty while genghis khan was fighting in central asia , and subutai and jebe were allowed to pursue the great raid into the caucasus and kievan rus ' , an idea they had presented to the khagan on their own initiative .
the grainger market replaced an earlier market originally built in 1808 called the butcher market .
newton 's laws and newtonian mechanics in general were first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects .
members of the genus haeckelia prey on jellyfish and incorporate their prey 's nematocysts ( stinging cells ) into their own tentacles instead of colloblasts .
the museum also holds james lafayette 's society portraits , a collection of more than 600 photographs dating from the late 19th to early 20th centuries and portraying a wide range of society figures of the period , including bishops , generals , society ladies , indian maharajas , ethiopian rulers and other foreign leaders , actresses , people posing in their motor cars and a sequence of photographs recording the guests at the famous fancy-dress ball held at devonshire house in 1897 to celebrate queen victoria 's diamond jubilee .
in 1962 , graphic designer paul rand redesigned the abc logo into its best-known ( and current ) form , with the lowercase letters " abc " enclosed in a single black circle .
colonel monckton , in the sole british success that year , captured fort beauséjour in june 1755 , cutting the french fortress at louisbourg off from land-based reinforcements .
for instance , if a problem x can be solved using an algorithm for y , x is no more difficult than y , and we say that x reduces to y. there are many different types of reductions , based on the method of reduction , such as cook reductions , karp reductions and levin reductions , and the bound on the complexity of reductions , such as polynomial-time reductions or log-space reductions .
the dodge omni / plymouth horizon from chrysler , the ford fiesta and the chevrolet chevette all had four-cylinder engines and room for at least four passengers by the late 1970s .
all um churches must have a board of trustees with at least three members and no more than nine members and it is recommended that no gender should hold more than a 2/3 majority .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
the company energiprojekt ab in sweden has made progress in using modern materials for harnessing the power of steam .
taking advantage of economic failure and unpopular social liberalization and secularization by the ruling leftist-nationalist fln government , it used its preaching to advocate the establishment of a legal system following sharia law , economic liberalization and development program , education in arabic rather than french , and gender segregation , with women staying home to alleviate the high rate of unemployment among young algerian men .
more powerful extensions of the fermat primality test , such as the baillie-psw , miller-rabin , and solovay-strassen tests , are guaranteed to fail at least some of the time when applied to a composite number .
the complement system and phagocytic cells are also used by most forms of invertebrate life .
his position was entirely religious and in no respect racial . "
in february 2010 , in response to controversies regarding claims in the fourth assessment report , five climate scientists – all contributing or lead ipcc report authors – wrote in the journal nature calling for changes to the ipcc .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
the european court of justice is the highest court able to interpret european union law .
the largest portion of the huguenots to settle in the cape arrived between 1688 and 1689 in seven ships as part of the organised migration , but quite a few arrived as late as 1700 ; thereafter , the numbers declined and only small groups arrived at a time .
like mitochondria , chloroplasts use the potential energy stored in an h+ , or hydrogen ion gradient to generate atp energy .
ugali with vegetables , sour milk , meat , fish or any other stew is generally eaten by much of the population for lunch or supper .
his last sermon was delivered at eisleben , his place of birth , on 15 february 1546 , three days before his death .
at the time the only concern was that member states should be prevented from violating human rights , hence the establishment of the european convention on human rights in 1950 and the establishment of the european court of human rights .
this resulted in one main case , commission v edith cresson where the european court of justice held that a commissioner giving her dentist a job , for which he was clearly unqualified , did in fact not break any law .
[ citation needed ] his lab was torn down in 1904 , and its contents were sold two years later to satisfy a debt .
warsaw university of technology is the second academic school of technology in the country , and one of the largest in east-central europe , employing 2,000 professors .
japanese imports , primarily the toyota corona , the toyota corolla , the datsun b210 , the datsun 510 , the honda civic , the mitsubishi galant ( a captive import from chrysler sold as the dodge colt ) , the subaru dl , and later the honda accord all had four cylinder engines that were more fuel efficient than the typical american v8 and six cylinder engines .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) .
teachers may use a lesson plan to facilitate student learning , providing a course of study which is called the curriculum .
based on his industry experience on air force missile projects , mueller realized some skilled managers could be found among high-ranking officers in the united states air force , so he got webb 's permission to recruit general samuel c. phillips , who gained a reputation for his effective management of the minuteman program , as omsf program controller .
telenet was incorporated in 1973 and started operations in 1975. it went public in 1979 and was then sold to gte .
a vote clerk sits in front of the presiding officer and operates the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks .
in response , teachers may concentrate their attention on motivated students , ignoring attention-seeking and disruptive students .
β-carotene is a bright red-orange carotenoid found in nearly all chloroplasts , like chlorophyll a. xanthophylls , especially the orange-red zeaxanthin , are also common .
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
luther had published his german translation of the new testament in 1522 , and he and his collaborators completed the translation of the old testament in 1534 , when the whole bible was published .
on the other hand , luther also points out that the ten commandments – when considered not as god 's condemning judgment but as an expression of his eternal will , that is , of the natural law – also positively teach how the christian ought to live .
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market .
due to its central location between the polish–lithuanian commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and of the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596. after the third partition of poland in 1795 , warsaw was incorporated into the kingdom of prussia .
the plan was , at least provisionally approved by then superintendent of new york city schools , william h. maxwell .
geographically , california 's north-south midway point lies at exactly 37° 9 ' 58.23 " latitude , around 11 miles ( 18 km ) south of san jose ; however , this does not coincide with popular use of the term .
he set the nfl 's all-time record for career passing yards in this game , but was benched after throwing four interceptions in favor of backup quarterback brock osweiler , who took over as the starter for most of the remainder of the regular season .
such self-interest directly conflicts with the patient 's interest in obtaining cost-effective medication and avoiding the unnecessary use of medication that may have side-effects .
the final major evolution of the steam engine design was the use of steam turbines starting in the late part of the 19th century .
however , the potentials v ( x , y , z ) or fields , from which the forces generally can be derived , are treated similar to classical position variables , i.e. , .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
its collection spans 5,000 years of art , from ancient times to the present day , from the cultures of europe , north america , asia and north africa .
kenya has competed in the cricket world cup since 1996. they upset some of the world 's best teams and reached semi-finals of the 2003 tournament .
the lake is situated in germany , switzerland and austria near the alps .
close to newcastle , the largest indoor shopping centre in europe , the metrocentre , is located in gateshead .
on the evening of the same day , the couple was married by bugenhagen .
hosted throughout its abc tenure by regis philbin , the program became a major ratings success throughout its initial summer run , which led abc to renew millionaire as a regular series , returning on january 18 , 2000. at its peak , the program aired as much as six nights a week .
the 1950s and early 1960s saw little in the way of building work ; the first major work was the creation of new storage space for books in the art library in 1966 and 1967. this involved flooring over aston webb 's main hall to form the book stacks , with a new medieval gallery on the ground floor ( now the shop , opened in 2006 ) .
out of these , three are heavy populated areas : the los angeles area with over 12 million inhabitants , the riverside-san bernardino area with over four million inhabitants , and the san diego area with over 3 million inhabitants .
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert .
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt .
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution .
as part of the 2006 renovation the mosaic floors in the sculpture gallery were restored—most of the victorian floors were covered in linoleum after the second world war .
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages .
johann eck , speaking on behalf of the empire as assistant of the archbishop of trier , presented luther with copies of his writings laid out on a table and asked him if the books were his , and whether he stood by their contents .
interethnic marriage between han and jurchen became common at this time .
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network .
this is called antigenic variation .
the lower part of the walls are panelled in wood with a band of paintings depicting fruit and the occasional figure , with moulded plaster foliage on the main part of the wall and a plaster frieze around the decorated ceiling and stained-glass windows by edward burne-jones .
warsaw remained the capital of the polish–lithuanian commonwealth until 1796 , when it was annexed by the kingdom of prussia to become the capital of the province of south prussia .
the harvard business school and many of the university 's athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located on a 358-acre ( 145 ha ) campus opposite the cambridge campus in allston .
salaries for nursery , primary and secondary school teachers ranged from £20,133 to £41,004 in september 2007 , although some salaries can go much higher depending on experience and extra responsibilities .
cbs set the base rate for a 30-second advertisement at $ 5,000,000 , a record high price for a super bowl ad .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
the cadillac deville and fleetwood , buick electra , oldsmobile 98 , lincoln continental , mercury marquis , and various other luxury oriented sedans became popular again in the mid-1970s .
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030. in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight .
newton 's third law is a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects .
mao zedong once argued that the soviet union had itself become an imperialist power while maintaining a socialist façade .
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs .
the mechanism by which y. pestis was usually transmitted was established in 1898 by paul-louis simond and was found to involve the bites of fleas whose midguts had become obstructed by replicating y. pestis several days after feeding on an infected host .
the publication of a taoist text inscribed with the name of töregene khatun , ögedei 's wife , is one of the first printed works sponsored by the mongols .
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times .
a non-deterministic turing machine is a deterministic turing machine with an added feature of non-determinism , which allows a turing machine to have multiple possible future actions from a given state .
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver .
genghis khan put absolute trust in his generals , such as muqali , jebe and subutai , and regarded them as close advisors , often extending them the same privileges and trust normally reserved for close family members .
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific .
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty .
at the end of this speech , luther raised his arm " in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout . "
the catholic church in france and many of its members opposed the huguenots .
citizenship of the eu has increasingly been seen as a " fundamental " status of member state nationals by the court of justice , and has accordingly increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move .
sherwood boehlert , chairman of the house science committee , said this was a " misguided and illegitimate investigation " apparently aimed at intimidating scientists , and at his request the u.s. national academy of sciences arranged for its national research council to set up a special investigation .
his national islamic front first gained influence when strongman general gaafar al-nimeiry invited members to serve in his government in 1979. turabi built a powerful economic base with money from foreign islamist banking systems , especially those linked with saudi arabia .
( mitchell tower , for example , is modeled after oxford 's magdalen tower , and the university commons , hutchinson hall , replicates christ church hall . )
the scotland act 2012 extends the devolved competencies .
reasons for extra-legal ownership include excessive bureaucratic red tape in buying property and building , in some countries it can take over 200 steps and up to 14 years to build on government land .
sudbury model democratic schools claim that popularly based authority can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike .
for instance , the biggest school chain , kunskapsskolan ( “ the knowledge school ” ) , offers 30 schools and a web-based environment , has 700 employees and teaches nearly 10,000 pupils .
the loess or wind-blown dust over that tundra , settled in and around the rhine valley , contributing to its current agricultural usefulness .
in 1201 , a khuruldai elected jamukha as gür khan , " universal ruler " , a title used by the rulers of the qara khitai .
palisade mesophyll cells can contain 30–70 chloroplasts per cell , while stomatal guard cells contain only around 8–15 per cell , as well as much less chlorophyll .
luther described this period of his life as one of deep spiritual despair .
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality .
tolui , genghis khan 's youngest son , was not to be his successor because he was the youngest and in the mongol culture , youngest sons were not given much responsibility due to their age .
despite being heavily outgunned and outnumbered , the ghetto held out for almost a month .
his face can be found on everyday commodities , from liquor bottles to candy products , and on the largest denominations of 500 , 1,000 , 5,000 , 10,000 , and 20,000 mongolian tögrög ( ₮ ) .
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching .
the advances made in the middle east in botany and chemistry led medicine in medieval islam substantially to develop pharmacology .
between about ad 14 and 180 , the assignment of legions was as follows : for the army of germania inferior , two legions at vetera ( xanten ) , i germanica and xx valeria ( pannonian troops ) ; two legions at oppidum ubiorum ( " town of the ubii " ) , which was renamed to colonia agrippina , descending to cologne , v alaudae , a celtic legion recruited from gallia narbonensis and xxi , possibly a galatian legion from the other side of the empire .
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries .
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire .
enthusiastic teachers are particularly good at creating beneficial relations with their students .
doctor who first appeared on bbc tv at 17:16:20 gmt , eighty seconds after the scheduled programme time , 5:15 pm , on saturday , 23 november 1963. it was to be a regular weekly programme , each episode 25 minutes of transmission length .
luther secretly returned to wittenberg on 6 march 1522. he wrote to the elector : " during my absence , satan has entered my sheepfold , and committed ravages which i can not repair by writing , but only by my personal presence and living word . "
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
summing these component forces using vector addition yields the original force .
from their original homelands in scandinavia and northern europe , germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western europe in the middle period of classical antiquity ; southern europe in late antiquity , conquering celtic and other peoples ; and by 800 ce , forming the holy roman empire , the first german empire .
it flows farther west , to rejoin the noord river into the nieuwe maas and to the north sea .
competition amongst workers tends to drive down wages due to the expendable nature of the worker in relation to his or her particular job .
evaporative ( wet ) cooling towers use the rejected heat to evaporate water ; this water is kept separate from the condensate , which circulates in a closed system and returns to the boiler .
a september 1565 french naval attack against the new spanish colony at st. augustine failed when its ships were hit by a hurricane on their way to the spanish encampment at fort matanzas .
a different arrangement was recorded by peter howell for season 18 ( 1980 ) , which was in turn replaced by dominic glynn 's arrangement for the season-long serial the trial of a time lord in season 23 ( 1986 ) .
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment .
in 1855 the german architect gottfried semper , at the request of cole , produced a design for the museum , but it was rejected by the board of trade as too expensive .
only a few drops of the liquid were produced in either case so no meaningful analysis could be conducted .
a pharmacy technician in the uk is considered a health care professional and often does not work under the direct supervision of a pharmacist ( if employed in a hospital pharmacy ) but instead is supervised and managed by other senior pharmacy technicians .
among kublai khan 's top engineers and scientists was the astronomer guo shoujing , who was tasked with many public works projects and helped the yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year , which was only 26 seconds off the modern gregorian calendar 's measurement .
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
two tourist railways operate over 760 mm ( 2 ft 6 in ) narrow gauge lines , which are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines which were built in mountainous areas .
his body was later found by maid alice monaghan after she had entered tesla 's room , ignoring the " do not disturb " sign that tesla had placed on his door two days earlier .
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " .
radical islamist organizations like al-qaeda and the egyptian islamic jihad , and groups such as the taliban , entirely reject democracy , often declaring as kuffar those muslims who support it ( see takfirism ) , as well as calling for violent/offensive jihad or urging and conducting attacks on a religious basis .
this routine can be implemented more efficiently if a complete list of primes up to is known—then trial divisions need to be checked only for those m that are prime .
hospital pharmacies can often be found within the premises of the hospital .
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view .
it caused the most property damage of any earthquake in u.s. history , estimated at over $ 20 billion .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions .
the nif regime also harbored osama bin laden for a time ( before 9/11 ) , and worked to unify islamist opposition to the american attack on iraq in the 1991 gulf war .
at that time , the nbc red network was the principal radio network in the united states and , according to the fcc , rca was using nbc blue to eliminate any hint of competition .
within two weeks , copies of the theses had spread throughout germany ; within two months , they had spread throughout europe .
in case of the ozone depletion global regulation based on the montreal protocol has been successful , in case of climate change , the kyoto protocol failed .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
under the motto " the qur'an is our constitution , " it sought islamic revival through preaching and also by providing basic community services including schools , mosques , and workshops .
currently , brazil is the second-largest global producer of soybeans after the united states .
the gphc is the governing body for pharmacy health care professionals and this is who regulates the practice of pharmacists and pharmacy technicians .
temüjin was to live there in service to dai setsen , the head of the new household , until he reached the marriageable age of 12 .
in world war ii , it was recognised that the rhine would present a formidable natural obstacle to the invasion of germany , by the western allies .
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments .
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people .
during his employment , tesla made many improvements to the central station equipment and claimed to have perfected a telephone repeater or amplifier , which was never patented nor publicly described .
learning of a french scouting party in the area , washington , with tanaghrisson and his party , surprised the canadians on may 28 in what became known as the battle of jumonville glen .
in practice , equality and democracy are deficient because the elected representatives in the parliament can not initiate legislation against the commission 's wishes , citizens of smallest countries have ten times the voting weight in parliament as citizens of the largest countries , and " qualified majorities " or consensus of the council are required to legislate .
chrysler ended production of their full-sized luxury sedans at the end of the 1981 model year , moving instead to a full front-wheel drive lineup for 1982 ( except for the m-body dodge diplomat/plymouth gran fury and chrysler new yorker fifth avenue sedans ) .
students at the university of chicago run over 400 clubs and organizations known as recognized student organizations ( rsos ) .
proceedings are also recorded in text form , in print and online , in the official report , which is the substantially verbatim transcript of parliamentary debates .
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer .
teachers are also at high risk for occupational burnout .
it has been shown that if these two complexity classes are not equal then p is not equal to np .
kenya 's first system of education was introduced by british colonists .
however , there are several rather significant developments with regards to curbing corruption from the kenyan government , for instance , the establishment of a new and independent ethics and anti-corruption commission ( eacc ) .
the first series of the 21st century featured christopher eccleston in the title role and was produced by the bbc .
in the more spiritual or mystical islamic tradition of sufism , the position of spiritual teacher and an esoteric ( as opposed to exoteric , or actions-oriented , e.g .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers .
about the time of the first landing in 1969 , it was decided to use an existing saturn v to launch the skylab orbital laboratory pre-built on the ground , replacing the original plan to construct it in orbit from several saturn ib launches ; this eliminated apollo 20. nasa 's yearly budget also began to shrink in light of the successful landing , and nasa also had to make funds available for the development of the upcoming space shuttle .
the waxy cuticle of many leaves , the exoskeleton of insects , the shells and membranes of externally deposited eggs , and skin are examples of mechanical barriers that are the first line of defense against infection .
in mongolia today , genghis khan 's name and likeness are endorsed on products , streets , buildings , and other places .
at the end of this speech , luther raised his arm " in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout . "
however , the american medical association ( ama ) code of ethics provides that physicians may dispense drugs within their office practices as long as there is no patient exploitation and patients have the right to a written prescription that can be filled elsewhere .
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier .
these proteins are often used to shut down host defenses .
while most internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs and require a valid prescription , some internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs without requiring a prescription .
it is conjectured there are infinitely many primes of the form n2 + 1. these conjectures are special cases of the broad schinzel 's hypothesis h. brocard 's conjecture says that there are always at least four primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2. legendre 's conjecture states that there is a prime number between n2 and ( n + 1 ) 2 for every positive integer n. it is implied by the stronger cramér 's conjecture .
if they enter less dense brackish water , the ciliary rosettes in the body cavity may pump this into the mesoglea to increase its bulk and decrease its density , to avoid sinking .
using a cascade method , swiss chemist and physicist raoul pierre pictet evaporated liquid sulfur dioxide in order to liquefy carbon dioxide , which in turn was evaporated to cool oxygen gas enough to liquefy it .
in a salary survey report for k-12 teachers , elementary school teachers had the lowest median salary earning $ 39,259 .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
preschool , which targets children from age three to five , is an integral component of the education system and is a key requirement for admission to standard one ( first grade ) .
this is not a problem except for patients on mechanical ventilators , since gas supplied through oxygen masks in medical applications is typically composed of only 30 % –50 % o 2 by volume ( about 30 kpa at standard pressure ) .
the dornbirner ach had to be diverted , too , and it now flows parallel to the canalized rhine into the lake .
the textbook examples are cydippids with egg-shaped bodies and a pair of retractable tentacles fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) that are covered with colloblasts , sticky cells that capture prey .
among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are ( where " r " is an organic group ) : alcohols ( r-oh ) ; ethers ( r-o-r ) ; ketones ( r-co-r ) ; aldehydes ( r-co-h ) ; carboxylic acids ( r-cooh ) ; esters ( r-coo-r ) ; acid anhydrides ( r-co-o-co-r ) ; and amides ( r-c ( o ) -nr 2 ) .
other symbols are common in different countries : the green greek cross in france , argentina , the united kingdom , belgium , ireland , italy , spain , and india , the increasingly rare gaper in the netherlands , and a red stylized letter a in germany and austria ( from apotheke , the german word for pharmacy , from the same greek root as the english word 'apothecary ' ) .
are prime for any natural number n. here represents the floor function , i.e. , largest integer not greater than the number in question .
luther and his wife moved into a former monastery , " the black cloister , " a wedding present from the new elector john the steadfast ( 1525–32 ) .
the court of justice of the european union can interpret the treaties , but it can not rule on their validity , which is subject to international law .
galileo concluded that motion in a constant velocity was completely equivalent to rest .
it extended its operations to television in 1948 , following in the footsteps of established broadcast networks cbs and nbc .
she gave birth to a son , jochi ( 1185–1226 ) , nine months later , clouding the issue of his parentage .
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started .
the extant manuscript shows multiple revisions , demonstrating luther 's concern to clarify and strengthen the text and to provide an appropriately prayerful tune .
[ citation needed ] sometime before the rise of genghis khan , ong khan , his mentor and eventual rival , had converted to nestorian christianity .
from italy , the disease spread northwest across europe , striking france , spain , portugal and england by june 1348 , then turned and spread east through germany and scandinavia from 1348 to 1350. it was introduced in norway in 1349 when a ship landed at askøy , then spread to bjørgvin ( modern bergen ) and iceland .
opposition politicians , human rights groups , and nine western countries criticised the security bill , arguing that it infringed on democratic freedoms .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
their most famous song , " fog on the tyne " ( 1971 ) , was covered by geordie ex-footballer paul gascoigne in 1990. venom , reckoned by many to be the originators of black metal and extremely influential to the extreme metal scene as a whole , formed in newcastle in 1979. folk metal band skyclad , often regarded as the first folk metal band , also formed in newcastle after the break-up of martin walkyier thrash metal band , sabbat .
the rousing success of happy days also led to a successful spin-off series , laverne & shirley , which debuted in 1976. charlie 's angels and three 's company ( which debuted in 1977 ) were two prime examples of a trend among the major networks during the 1970s known as " jiggle tv " , featuring attractive , often buxom , women in main and guest roles .
olivier roy argues that " sunni pan-islamism underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century " when the muslim brotherhood movement and its focus on islamisation of pan-arabism was eclipsed by the salafi movement with its emphasis on " sharia rather than the building of islamic institutions , " and rejection of shia islam .
the uk had traditionally been an ally of israel , and harold wilson 's government supported the israelis during the six-day war .
days later , still in 1851 gold was discovered near ballarat , and subsequently at bendigo .
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick .
oxygen was discovered independently by carl wilhelm scheele , in uppsala , in 1773 or earlier , and joseph priestley in wiltshire , in 1774 , but priestley is often given priority because his work was published first .
# p is an important complexity class of counting problems ( not decision problems ) .
in low-light conditions , they will spread out in a sheet—maximizing the surface area to absorb light .
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen .
soon there was a store around the station and the store grew the town of fresno station , later called fresno .
harvard has several athletic facilities , such as the lavietes pavilion , a multi-purpose arena and home to the harvard basketball teams .
in december 1966 , the as-205 mission was canceled , since the validation of the csm would be accomplished on the 14-day first flight , and as-205 would have been devoted to space experiments and contribute no new engineering knowledge about the spacecraft .
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states .
the word pharmacy is derived from its root word pharma which was a term used since the 15th–17th centuries .
he instituted the reforms proposed by his chinese advisers by centralizing the bureaucracy , expanding the circulation of paper money , and maintaining the traditional monopolies on salt and iron .
within the eu itself , the court of justice 's view is that if eu law conflicts with a provision of national law , then eu law has primacy .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
newcastlegateshead also holds an annual international arts fair .
one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions shows that the amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of severely reduced rainfall and increased temperatures , leading to an almost complete loss of rainforest cover in the basin by 2100. however , simulations of amazon basin climate change across many different models are not consistent in their estimation of any rainfall response , ranging from weak increases to strong decreases .
innate immune systems are found in all plants and animals .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
in the fall of 2015 , abc is stopped with its 1998–2002 four-note jingles for promotions and production company vanity cards following the closing credits of most of its programs over seventeen years , now it have a different and adventure-type music ( with the drums of the network 's four-note signature in the ending ) .
these include rifts with his early allies such as jamukha ( who also wanted to be a ruler of mongol tribes ) and wang khan ( his and his father 's ally ) , his son jochi , and problems with the most important shaman , who was allegedly trying to drive a wedge between him and his loyal brother khasar .
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice .
the area was originally inhabited by the timucua people , and in 1564 was the site of the french colony of fort caroline , one of the earliest european settlements in what is now the continental united states .
british operations in 1755 , 1756 and 1757 in the frontier areas of pennsylvania and new york all failed , due to a combination of poor management , internal divisions , and effective canadian scouts , french regular forces , and indian warrior allies .
the design , development and construction of the center was conducted by kurt h. debus , a member of dr. wernher von braun 's original v-2 rocket engineering team .
by 1948 most of the collections had been returned to the museum .
the ad valorem property tax policy combined with rising prices made it difficult or impossible for low income residents to keep pace .
eventually , he sold wardenclyffe for $ 20,000 ( $ 472,500 in today 's dollars ) .
the third invasion was stopped with the improbable french victory in the battle of carillon , in which 3,600 frenchmen famously and decisively defeated abercrombie 's force of 18,000 regulars , militia and native american allies outside the fort the french called carillon and the british called ticonderoga .
many centuries later leonardo da vinci built on philo 's work by observing that a portion of air is consumed during combustion and respiration .
since then , and so far , general relativity has been acknowledged as the theory that best explains gravity .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
however , kgo-tv in san francisco , which had received its license prior to the freeze , made its debut on may 5 , 1949. on may 7 , 1949 , billboard revealed that abc had proposed an investment of $ 6.25 million , of which it would spend $ 2.5 million to convert 20 acres ( 80,937 m2 ) of land in hollywood into what would become the prospect studios , and construct a transmitter on mount wilson , in anticipation of the launch of keca-tv , which was scheduled to begin operations on august 1 ( but would not actually sign on until september 16 ) .
for example , prime ideals in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields can be used in proving quadratic reciprocity , a statement that concerns the solvability of quadratic equations
on one , they walked to the surveyor , photographed it , and removed some parts which they returned to earth .
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique .
for example , 5 is prime because 1 and 5 are its only positive integer factors , whereas 6 is composite because it has the divisors 2 and 3 in addition to 1 and 6. the fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes the central role of primes in number theory : any integer greater than 1 can be expressed as a product of primes that is unique up to ordering .
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds .
eu regulations are the same as treaty provisions in this sense , because as tfeu article 288 states , they are ‘ directly applicable in all member states ’ .
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no .
of the organic compounds with biological relevance , carbohydrates contain the largest proportion by mass of oxygen .
t-cells have a symbiotic relationship with vitamin d. not only does the t-cell extend a vitamin d receptor , in essence asking to bind to the steroid hormone version of vitamin d , calcitriol , but the t-cell expresses the gene cyp27b1 , which is the gene responsible for converting the pre-hormone version of vitamin d , calcidiol into the steroid hormone version , calcitriol .
if the whole parliament agrees in a vote to the general principles of the bill , it then proceeds to stage 2 .
another important library – the university library , founded in 1816 , is home to over two million items .
in contrast to the views of john calvin and philipp melanchthon , throughout his life luther maintained that it was not false doctrine to believe that a christian 's soul sleeps after it is separated from the body in death ; and , accordingly , he disputed traditional interpretations of some bible passages , such as the parable of the rich man and lazarus .
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes .
:33 however , toward the end of his life , he told a reporter , " sometimes i feel that by not marrying , i made too great a sacrifice to my work ... " there have been numerous accounts of women vying for tesla 's affection , even some madly in love with him .
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285. thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307. temür khan decided to maintain and continue much of the work begun by his grandfather .
a two-volume illustrated folio paraphrase version based on his manuscript , by jean de rély , was printed in paris in 1487 .
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram .
he allowed them to make decisions on their own when they embarked on campaigns far from the mongol empire capital karakorum .
the war in north america officially ended with the signing of the treaty of paris on 10 february 1763 , and war in the european theatre of the seven years ' war was settled by the treaty of hubertusburg on 15 february 1763. the british offered france the choice of surrendering either its continental north american possessions east of the mississippi or the caribbean islands of guadeloupe and martinique , which had been occupied by the british .
in addition to supplying these drugs , specialty pharmacies also provide lab monitoring , adherence counseling , and assist patients with cost-containment strategies needed to obtain their expensive specialty drugs .
seamans ' establishment of an ad-hoc committee headed by his special technical assistant nicholas e. golovin in july 1961 , to recommend a launch vehicle to be used in the apollo program , represented a turning point in nasa 's mission mode decision .
for example , in knot theory , a prime knot is a knot that is indecomposable in the sense that it can not be written as the knot sum of two nontrivial knots .
sophomore , junior , and senior undergraduates live in twelve residential houses , nine of which are south of harvard yard along or near the charles river .
it is likely that a multicomponent , adaptive immune system arose with the first vertebrates , as invertebrates do not generate lymphocytes or an antibody-based humoral response .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
this means that the commission has a monopoly on initiating the legislative procedure , although the council is the " de facto catalyst of many legislative initiatives " .
luther rarely encountered jews during his life , but his attitudes reflected a theological and cultural tradition which saw jews as a rejected people guilty of the murder of christ , and he lived within a local community that had expelled jews some ninety years earlier .
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war .
the area is also known for its early twentieth century homes , many of which have been restored in recent decades .
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism .
luther 's hymns were included in early lutheran hymnals and spread the ideas of the reformation .
when a person ’ s capabilities are lowered , they are in some way deprived of earning as much income as they would otherwise .
chloroplast ribosomes are about two-thirds the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes ( around 17 nm vs 25 nm ) .
oxygen constitutes 49.2 % of the earth 's crust by mass and is the major component of the world 's oceans ( 88.8 % by mass ) .
the company energiprojekt ab in sweden has made progress in using modern materials for harnessing the power of steam .
as such , the united methodist church established and is affiliated with around one hundred colleges and universities in the united states , including syracuse university , boston university , emory university , duke university , drew university , university of denver , university of evansville , and southern methodist university .
positive reinforcement is balanced with immediate and fair punishment for misbehavior and firm , clear boundaries define what is appropriate and inappropriate behavior .
conservative researchers have argued that income inequality is not significant because consumption , rather than income should be the measure of inequality , and inequality of consumption is less extreme than inequality of income in the us .
some plants seem to have kept the genes for the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer , though they 've been repurposed for use in chloroplast division instead .
saint-pierre said , " as to the summons you send me to retire , i do not think myself obliged to obey it . "
five of the remaining six missions achieved successful landings , but the apollo 13 landing was prevented by an oxygen tank explosion in transit to the moon , which disabled the command spacecraft 's propulsion and life support .
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation .
in the brain of morbius ( 1976 ) , it was hinted that the first doctor may not have been the first incarnation ( although the other faces depicted may have been incarnations of the time lord morbius ) .
in 1529 , he wrote the large catechism , a manual for pastors and teachers , as well as a synopsis , the small catechism , to be memorised by the people themselves .
for example , a non-deterministic turing machine is a computational model that is allowed to branch out to check many different possibilities at once .
for example , a significant number of students all over wales are educated either wholly or largely through the medium of welsh : in 2008/09 , 22 per cent of classes in maintained primary schools used welsh as the sole or main medium of instruction .
today , harvard fields top teams in several other sports , such as the harvard crimson men 's ice hockey team ( with a strong rivalry against cornell ) , squash , and even recently won ncaa titles in men 's and women 's fencing .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
the mill volvo tyne theatre hosts smaller touring productions , whilst other venues feature local talent .
in keck and mithouard two importers claimed that their prosecution under a french competition law , which prevented them selling picon beer under wholesale price , was unlawful .
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits .
construction starts with planning , [ citation needed ] design , and financing and continues until the project is built and ready for use .
a procedural consequence of the establishment of the scottish parliament is that scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons are able to vote on domestic legislation that applies only to england , wales and northern ireland – whilst english , scottish , welsh and northern irish westminster mps are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the scottish parliament .
they also spread beyond europe to the dutch cape colony in south africa , the dutch east indies , the caribbean , and several of the english colonies of north america , and quebec , where they were accepted and allowed to worship freely .
möngke khan succeeded ögedei 's son , güyük , as great khan in 1251. he granted his brother kublai control over mongol held territories in china .
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls .
the graph isomorphism problem , the discrete logarithm problem and the integer factorization problem are examples of problems believed to be np-intermediate .
today , justifying grace is also known as conversion , " accepting jesus as your personal lord and savior , " or being " born again " .
david rodda noted that from 1984 and 1991 , the number of quality rental units decreased as the demand for higher quality housing increased ( rhoda 1994:148 ) .
in september 1958 , bank of america launched a new product called bankamericard in fresno .
in works such as la nativité du seigneur ( 1935 ) and quatre études de rythme ( 1949–50 ) , he simultaneously employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers to create unpredictable rhythms : the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in the third étude , " neumes rythmiques " .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
accordingly , the term odd prime refers to any prime number greater than 2. similarly , when written in the usual decimal system , all prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1 , 3 , 7 , or 9 , since even numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5 .
the alga cyanophora , a glaucophyte , is thought to be one of the first organisms to contain a chloroplast .
corporal punishment in american schools is administered to the seat of the student 's trousers or skirt with a specially made wooden paddle .
the name oxygen was coined in 1777 by antoine lavoisier , whose experiments with oxygen helped to discredit the then-popular phlogiston theory of combustion and corrosion .
chinese advisers such as liu bingzhong and yao shu gave strong influence to kublai 's early court , and the central government administration was established within the first decade of kublai 's reign .
during pregnancy , a particular type of antibody , called igg , is transported from mother to baby directly across the placenta , so human babies have high levels of antibodies even at birth , with the same range of antigen specificities as their mother .
although kenya is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region , manufacturing still accounts for only 14 % of the gdp .
since 1999 , big finish productions has released several different series of doctor who audios on cd .
annual tuition fees at k-12 schools range from nothing at so called 'tuition-free ' schools to more than $ 45,000 at several new england preparatory schools .
the increased solubility of o 2 at lower temperatures ( see physical properties ) has important implications for ocean life , as polar oceans support a much higher density of life due to their higher oxygen content .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
some dinophytes , like kryptoperidinium and durinskia have a diatom ( heterokontophyte ) derived chloroplast .
in a report , published in early february 2007 by the ear institute at the university college london , and widex , a danish hearing aid manufacturer , newcastle was named as the noisiest city in the whole of the uk , with an average level of 80.4 decibels .
later the american makers introduced their domestic replacements ( ford ranger , dodge dakota and the chevrolet s10/gmc s-15 ) , ending their captive import policy .
friedrich ratzel believed that in order for a state to survive , imperialism was needed .
according to daniel goldhagen , bishop martin sasse , a leading protestant churchman , published a compendium of luther 's writings shortly after kristallnacht , for which diarmaid macculloch , professor of the history of the church in the university of oxford argued that luther 's writing was a " blueprint . "
that same year , capital cities/abc purchased the french animation studio dic entertainment ; it also signed an agreement with time warner cable to carry its owned-and-operated television stations on the provider 's systems in abc o & o markets .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
in 1066 , duke william ii of normandy conquered england killing king harold ii at the battle of hastings .
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time . after the series ' revival in 2005 ( the third notable period of high ratings ) , it has consistently had high viewership levels for the evening on which the episode is broadcast .
luther 's hymns were frequently evoked by particular events in his life and the unfolding reformation .
one of the first significant gifts of costume came in 1913 when the v & a received the talbot hughes collection containing 1,442 costumes and items as a gift from harrods following its display at the nearby department store .
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch .
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity .
starting in 1313 the traditional imperial examinations were reintroduced for prospective officials , testing their knowledge on significant historical works .
since complexity theory is interested in classifying problems based on their difficulty , one defines sets of problems based on some criteria .
when the methodists in america were separated from the church of england , john wesley himself provided a revised version of the book of common prayer called the sunday service of the methodists in north america .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102. cornerbacks aqib talib ( three interceptions ) and chris harris , jr. ( two interceptions ) were the other two pro bowl selections from the defense .
however , in the early 11th century the dukes began a programme of church reform , encouraging the cluniac reform of monasteries and patronising intellectual pursuits , especially the proliferation of scriptoria and the reconstitution of a compilation of lost illuminated manuscripts .
temüjin turned to toghrul for support , and in response , toghrul offered his vassal 20,000 of his keraite warriors and suggested that he also involve his childhood friend jamukha , who had himself become khan ( ruler ) of his own tribe , the jadaran .
with countries such as spain not even having a crime against shipping toxic waste , franco frattini , the justice , freedom and security commissioner , proposed with dimas to create criminal sentences for " ecological crimes " .
there are also categories for construction service firms ( e.g. , engineering , architecture ) and construction managers ( firms engaged in managing construction projects without assuming direct financial responsibility for completion of the construction project ) .
[ citation needed ] this implies that it may be possible for multiple kuznets ' cycles to be in effect at any given time .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010. that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004. ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase .
in 1996 , the bbc applied for a trade mark to use the tardis ' blue police box design in merchandising associated with doctor who .
scarcity was addressed by rationing ( as in many countries ) .
strictly speaking datanet 1 only referred to the network and the connected users via leased lines ( using the x.121 dnic 2041 ) , the name also referred to the public pad service telepad ( using the dnic 2049 ) .
he felt that colonies did not pay for themselves , that the german bureaucratic system would not work well in the tropics and the diplomatic disputes over colonies would distract germany from its central interest , europe itself .
when he was criticised for inserting the word " alone " after " faith " in romans 3:28 , he replied in part : " [ t ] he text itself and the meaning of st. paul urgently require and demand it .
the victory was made complete in 1760 when , despite losing outside quebec city in the battle of sainte-foy , the british were able to prevent the arrival of french relief ships in the naval battle of the restigouche while armies marched on montreal from three sides .
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill .
the centre-left australian labor party ( alp ) , the centre-right liberal party of australia , the rural-based national party of australia , and the environmentalist australian greens are victoria 's main political parties .
entry is free , but booking in advance is recommended due to limited space .
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere .
the review process often involves an evaluation of the appropriateness of the drug therapy ( e.g. , drug choice , dose , route , frequency , and duration of therapy ) and its efficacy .
in the cycle , water is heated and transforms into steam within a boiler operating at a high pressure .
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac .
around 1954 , abc agreed to finance disneyland in exchange for the right to broadcast a new sunday night program , disneyland , which debuted on the network on october 27 , 1954 as the first of many anthology television programs that disney would broadcast over the course of the next 50 years .
temüjin hastily gathered together his followers to defend against the attack , but he was decisively beaten in the battle of dalan balzhut .
the largest share of kenya 's electricity supply comes from hydroelectric stations at dams along the upper tana river , as well as the turkwel gorge dam in the west .
the lunar module provided propulsion , electrical power and life support to get the crew home safely .
only 100–150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
for instance , american geographer ellen churchill semple argued that even though human beings originated in the tropics they were only able to become fully human in the temperate zone .
trioxygen ( o 3 ) is usually known as ozone and is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue .
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages .
since the 1970s , numerous geoglyphs have been discovered on deforested land dating between ad 0–1250 , furthering claims about pre-columbian civilizations .
he encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration , nonviolent civil disobedience , and violent civil disobedience .
the court of justice reasoned that narcotic drugs were controlled in all member states , and so this differed from other cases where prostitution or other quasi-legal activity was subject to restriction .
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
in ten years the population of victoria increased sevenfold from 76,000 to 540,000. all sorts of gold records were produced including the " richest shallow alluvial goldfield in the world " and the largest gold nugget .
there are many concepts of teachers in islam , ranging from mullahs ( the teachers at madrassas ) to ulemas , who teach of the laws of islam for the proper way of islamic living according to the sunnah and ahadith , and can render legal verdicts upon matters of islamic law in accordance with the teaching of one of the four schools of jurisprudence .
in 1186 , temüjin was elected khan of the mongols .
with his mathematical insight , sir isaac newton formulated laws of motion that were not improved-on for nearly three hundred years .
itv were the current rights holders , and fought hard to retain the new rights .
the yuan dynasty is considered both a successor to the mongol empire and an imperial chinese dynasty .
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made .
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean .
in 1979 , less than a year after becoming pope , john paul celebrated mass in victory square in warsaw and ended his sermon with a call to " renew the face " of poland : let thy spirit descend !
in such a situation , a force is applied in the direction of motion while the kinetic friction force exactly opposes the applied force .
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza .
because of this , ethelred fled to normandy in 1013 , when he was forced from his kingdom by sweyn forkbeard .
later that same year , during 1983 's 20th anniversary special the five doctors , the first doctor enquires as to the fifth doctor 's regeneration ; when the fifth doctor confirms " fourth " , the first doctor excitedly replies " goodness me .
in recent years " the gate " has opened in the city centre , a new indoor complex consisting of bars , upmarket clubs , restaurants and a 12-screen empire multiplex cinema .
by 1998 , the vbns had grown to connect more than 100 universities and research and engineering institutions via 12 national points of presence with ds-3 ( 45 mbit/s ) , oc-3c ( 155 mbit/s ) , and oc-12c ( 622 mbit/s ) links on an all oc-12c backbone , a substantial engineering feat for that time .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them .
many of the classical molecules of the adaptive immune system ( e.g. , immunoglobulins and t cell receptors ) exist only in jawed vertebrates .
dendritic cells serve as a link between the bodily tissues and the innate and adaptive immune systems , as they present antigens to t cells , one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system .
the society has chapters in numerous states , with the one in texas being the largest .
around 1954 , abc agreed to finance disneyland in exchange for the right to broadcast a new sunday night program , disneyland , which debuted on the network on october 27 , 1954 as the first of many anthology television programs that disney would broadcast over the course of the next 50 years .
the hostile but weakened song dynasty remained an obstacle in the south .
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity .
packets are normally forwarded by intermediate network nodes asynchronously using first-in , first-out buffering , but may be forwarded according to some scheduling discipline for fair queuing , traffic shaping , or for differentiated or guaranteed quality of service , such as weighted fair queuing or leaky bucket .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
the neighborhood includes kearney boulevard , named after early 20th century entrepreneur and millionaire m. theo kearney , which extends from fresno street in southwest fresno about 20 mi ( 32 km ) west to kerman , california .
historically , forces were first quantitatively investigated in conditions of static equilibrium where several forces canceled each other out .
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow .
it won the coveted sunday times university of the year award in 2000. northumbria university has its origins in the newcastle polytechnic , established in 1969 and became the university of northumbria at newcastle in 1992 as part of the uk-wide process in which polytechnics became new universities .
according to the cellular theory of immunity , represented in particular by elie metchnikoff , it was cells – more precisely , phagocytes – that were responsible for immune responses .
peridinin is not found in any other group of chloroplasts .
in 1746 , johnson was made a colonel of the iroquois .
the brotherhood has suffered periodic repression in egypt and has been banned several times , in 1948 and several years later following confrontations with egyptian president gamal abdul nasser , who jailed thousands of members for several years .
only a few common complex biomolecules , such as squalene and the carotenes , contain no oxygen .
nonconservative forces other than friction include other contact forces , tension , compression , and drag .
by the end of 1350 , the black death subsided , but it never really died out in england .
stan lebar , who led the team that designed and built the lunar television camera at westinghouse electric corporation , also worked with nafzger to try to locate the missing tapes .
coincidentally , both teams were coached by john fox in their last super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 .
nasa announced the selection of grumman as the lem contractor in november 1962 .
the collection has numerous examples of various types of textiles designed by william morris , including , embroidery , woven fabrics , tapestries ( including 'the forest ' tapestry of 1887 ) , rugs and carpets , as well as pattern books and paper designs .
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill .
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half .
nestorian graves dating to 1338–39 near lake issyk kul in kyrgyzstan have inscriptions referring to plague and are thought by many epidemiologists to mark the outbreak of the epidemic , from which it could easily have spread to china and india .
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs .
the scottish parliament building was designed by spanish architect enric miralles in partnership with local edinburgh architecture firm rmjm which was led by design principal tony kettle .
kenya had an estimated 15 million cases of malaria in 2006 .
the chloroplasts of some hornworts and algae contain structures called pyrenoids .
the region was a leader in the housing bubble 2001–2007 , and has been heavily impacted by the housing crash .
however , as one and the same valve usually controls both steam flows , a short cutoff at admission adversely affects the exhaust and compression periods which should ideally always be kept fairly constant ; if the exhaust event is too brief , the totality of the exhaust steam can not evacuate the cylinder , choking it and giving excessive compression ( " kick back " ) .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
abc news programming includes good morning america from 7:00 to 9:00 a.m. weekdays ( along with one-hour weekend editions ) ; nightly editions of abc world news tonight ( whose weekend editions are occasionally subject to abbreviation or preemption due to sports telecasts overrunning into the program 's timeslot ) , the sunday political talk show this week , early morning news programs world news now and america this morning and the late night newsmagazine nightline .
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere .
the only jewish synagogue in the country is located in the capital , nairobi .
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards .
the costume collection is the most comprehensive in britain , containing over 14,000 outfits plus accessories , mainly dating from 1600 to the present .
there are also categories for construction service firms ( e.g. , engineering , architecture ) and construction managers ( firms engaged in managing construction projects without assuming direct financial responsibility for completion of the construction project ) .
while the commission has a monopoly on initiating legislation , the european parliament and the council of the european union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process .
project mercury was followed by the two-man project gemini ( 1962–66 ) .
the church tower received a battering during the siege of newcastle by the scots who finally breached the town wall and forced surrender .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
orthogonal force vectors can be three-dimensional with the third component being at right-angles to the other two .
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . "
this defeat was a catalyst for the fall and eventual dissolution of the keraite tribe .
the first buildings of the university of chicago campus , which make up what is now known as the main quadrangles , were part of a " master plan " conceived by two university of chicago trustees and plotted by chicago architect henry ives cobb .
an important decision for civil disobedients is whether or not to plead guilty .
on march 16 , 1985 , abc 's executive committee accepted the merger offer , which was formally announced on march 18 , 1985 , with capital cities purchasing abc and its related properties for $ 3.5 billion and $ 118 for each of abc 's shares as well as a guarantee of 10 % ( or $ 3 ) for a total of $ 121 per share .
the abc also provided partial funding for the 20th anniversary special the five doctors in 1983. repeats of both the classic and modern series have also been shown on subscription television channels bbc uktv , sf and later on syfy upon sf 's closure .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
in addition , the united methodist church prohibits the celebration of same-sex unions .
this is partly due to the harsh railway operating environment and limited space afforded by the loading gauge ( particularly in britain , where compounding was never common and not employed after 1930 ) .
the city 's speedway team newcastle diamonds are based at brough park in byker , a venue that is also home to greyhound racing .
datapac was developed by bell northern research which was a joint venture of bell canada ( a common carrier ) and northern telecom ( a telecommunications equipment supplier ) .
opposition members can table " wrecking amendments " to the bill , designed to thwart further progress and take up parliamentary time , to cause the bill to fall without a final vote being taken .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards .
elders may also be assigned as district superintendents , and they are eligible for election to the episcopacy .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
the mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005 ( 22,392 km2 or 8,646 sq mi per year ) was 18 % higher than in the previous five years ( 19,018 km2 or 7,343 sq mi per year ) .
the allies left the rhineland , in 1930 and the german army re-occupied it in 1936 , which was enormously popular in germany .
after the 1940s , the gothic style on campus began to give way to modern styles .
macroeconomic problems consisted of both inflationary and deflationary impacts .
the panthers line also featured veteran defensive end jared allen , a 5-time pro bowler who was the nfl 's active career sack leader with 136 , along with defensive end kony ealy , who had 5 sacks in just 9 starts .
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes .
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across .
there was , however , little cultural integration or national identity , and " germany " remained largely a conceptual term referring to an amorphous area of central europe .
tesla claimed to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy that he started working on in 1892 , and in 1937 , at age 81 , claimed in a letter to have completed a " dynamic theory of gravity " that " [ would ] put an end to idle speculations and false conceptions , as that of curved space . "
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship .
these included a renewed attack on archbishop albrecht of mainz , whom he shamed into halting the sale of indulgences in his episcopates , and a " refutation of the argument of latomus , " in which he expounded the principle of justification to jacobus latomus , an orthodox theologian from louvain .
jim gray will anchor the pre-game and halftime coverage .
the biggest city on the river rhine is cologne , germany with a population of more than 1,050,000 people .
[ citation needed ] since ireland refused to consent to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 , there remains one commissioner for each of the 28 member states , including the president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ( currently federica mogherini ) .
the weak force is due to the exchange of the heavy w and z bosons .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
this " gentlemen 's agreement " between sadat and islamists broke down in 1975 but not before islamists came to completely dominate university student unions .
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city .
references to doctor who have also appeared in the young adult fantasy novels brisingr and high wizardry , the video game rock band , the soap opera eastenders , the adult swim comedy show robot chicken , the family guy episodes " blue harvest " and " 420 " , and the game runescape .
to protect their interests , the settlers banned the growing of coffee , introduced a hut tax , and the landless were granted less and less land in exchange for their labour .
jacksonville has florida 's largest filipino american community , with 25,033 in the metropolitan area as of the 2010 census .
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study .
philip ii of spain ordered pedro menéndez de avilés to protect the interest of spain by attacking the french presence at fort caroline .
general relativity offers an equivalence between space-time and mass , but lacking a coherent theory of quantum gravity , it is unclear as to how or whether this connection is relevant on microscales .
as abc began to outgrow its facilities at 7 west 66th street , goldenson found a new headquarters for abc in a 44 story building located at 1330 avenue of the americas in manhattan , at the corner of 54th street ( now occupied by the financial times 's new york office ) .
from here , the situation becomes more complicated , as the dutch name rijn no longer coincides with the main flow of water .
he prayed , consulted friends , and gave his response the next day :
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
the french protestant church of london was established by royal charter in 1550. it is now located at soho square .
these advances led to the development of a layered model of the earth , with a crust and lithosphere on top , the mantle below ( separated within itself by seismic discontinuities at 410 and 660 kilometers ) , and the outer core and inner core below that .
a local pastor 's official title is 'licensed local pastor ' and is appointed as clergy to the local church where they preach , conduct divine worship and perform the regular duties of a pastor .
the measurement is technically difficult owing to the low signal-to-noise ratio and the physical structure of vegetation ; but it has been proposed as a possible method of monitoring the carbon cycle from satellites on a global scale .
after prussia unified the other states into the second german empire after the franco-german war , its long-time chancellor , otto von bismarck ( 1862–90 ) , long opposed colonial acquisitions , arguing that the burden of obtaining , maintaining , and defending such possessions would outweigh any potential benefits .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
preventable diseases like malaria , hiv/aids , pneumonia , diarrhoea and malnutrition are the biggest burden , major child-killers , and responsible for much morbidity ; weak policies , corruption , inadequate health workers , weak management and poor leadership in the public health sector are largely to blame .
the debating chamber of the scottish parliament has seating arranged in a hemicycle , which reflects the desire to encourage consensus amongst elected members .
2001 found that among u.s states and canadian provinces there is a tenfold difference in homicide rates related to inequality .
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan .
other students mocked them , saying they were the " holy club " and " the methodists " , being methodical and exceptionally detailed in their bible study , opinions and disciplined lifestyle .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
in january 1519 , at altenburg in saxony , the papal nuncio karl von miltitz adopted a more conciliatory approach .
adaptive ( or acquired ) immunity creates immunological memory after an initial response to a specific pathogen , leading to an enhanced response to subsequent encounters with that same pathogen .
the city 's other mainline station , manors , is to the east of the city centre .
according to the 1901 census , out of 711,988 inhabitants 56.2 % were catholics , 35.7 % jews , 5 % greek orthodox christians and 2.8 % protestants .
the flushing action of tears and urine also mechanically expels pathogens , while mucus secreted by the respiratory and gastrointestinal tract serves to trap and entangle microorganisms .
the date of the poll may be varied by up to one month either way by the monarch on the proposal of the presiding officer .
chloroplasts can grow and progress through some of the constriction stages under poor quality green light , but are slow to complete division—they require exposure to bright white light to complete division .
skylab 's last crew departed the station on february 8 , 1974 , and the station itself re-entered the atmosphere in 1979 , by which time it had become the oldest operational apollo-saturn component .
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe .
however , he concedes that the effect of trade on inequality in america is minor when compared to other causes , such as technological innovation , a view shared by other experts .
in this last connection , the name could suggest the derogatory inference of superstitious worship ; popular fancy held that huguon , the gate of king hugo , was haunted by the ghost of le roi huguet ( regarded by roman catholics as an infamous scoundrel ) and other spirits , who instead of being in purgatory came back to harm the living at night .
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species .
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer .
many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching , especially for hard-to-fill positions .
in between the french and the british , large areas were dominated by native tribes .
this takes two forms , orientalism and tropicality .
the owner produces a list of requirements for a project , giving an overall view of the project 's goals .
southern california consists of a heavily developed urban environment , home to some of the largest urban areas in the state , along with vast areas that have been left undeveloped .
the plague struck various countries in the middle east during the pandemic , leading to serious depopulation and permanent change in both economic and social structures .
in at least some species , juveniles are capable of reproduction before reaching the adult size and shape .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
its collection spans 5,000 years of art , from ancient times to the present day , from the cultures of europe , north america , asia and north africa .
the ability of the immune system to respond to pathogens is diminished in both the young and the elderly , with immune responses beginning to decline at around 50 years of age due to immunosenescence .
john schmitt and ben zipperer ( 2006 ) of the cepr point to economic liberalism and the reduction of business regulation along with the decline of union membership as one of the causes of economic inequality .
josel of rosheim , the jewish spokesman who tried to help the jews of saxony in 1537 , later blamed their plight on " that priest whose name was martin luther—may his body and soul be bound up in hell ! —who wrote and issued many heretical books in which he said that whoever would help the jews was doomed to perdition . "
one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection is the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet dated c1750 from germany , with especially fine marquetry and ormolu mounts .
for example , while diatoms ( a heterokontophyte ) now have a red algal derived chloroplast , the presence of many green algal genes in the diatom nucleus provide evidence that the diatom ancestor ( probably the ancestor of all chromalveolates too ) had a green algal derived chloroplast at some point , which was subsequently replaced by the red chloroplast .
the modern trend in design is toward integration of previously separated specialties , especially among large firms .
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region .
in 1987 , a united methodist church court in new hampshire defrocked methodist minister rose mary denman for openly living with a same-sex partner .
nearly 50,000 huguenots established themselves in germany , 20,000 of whom were welcomed in brandenburg-prussia , where they were granted special privileges ( edict of potsdam ) and churches in which to worship ( such as the church of st. peter and st. paul , angermünde ) by frederick william , elector of brandenburg and duke of prussia .
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach .
in these sermons , he hammered home the primacy of core christian values such as love , patience , charity , and freedom , and reminded the citizens to trust god 's word rather than violence to bring about necessary change .
among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are ( where " r " is an organic group ) : alcohols ( r-oh ) ; ethers ( r-o-r ) ; ketones ( r-co-r ) ; aldehydes ( r-co-h ) ; carboxylic acids ( r-cooh ) ; esters ( r-coo-r ) ; acid anhydrides ( r-co-o-co-r ) ; and amides ( r-c ( o ) -nr 2 ) .
since kublai khan only esteemed the sakya sect of tibetan buddhism , other religions became less important .
a 2012 study found that teachers experienced double the rate of anxiety , depression , and stress than average workers .
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 .
fermat also conjectured that all numbers of the form 22n + 1 are prime ( they are called fermat numbers ) and he verified this up to n = 4 ( or 216 + 1 ) .
the way a teacher promotes the course they are teaching , the more the student will get out of the subject matter .
peter capaldi took on the role after matt smith 's exit in the 2013 christmas special " the time of the doctor " .
some are simultaneous hermaphrodites , which can produce both eggs and sperm at the same time .
harvard also won the intercollegiate sailing association national championships in 2003 .
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " .
it is also the home of the sunnyside country club , which maintains a golf course designed by william p. bell .
in favorable circumstances , ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day .
that year , abc and hearst reached an agreement with rca to merge arts and competing arts service , the entertainment channel , into a single cable channel called arts & entertainment television ( a & e ) ; the new channel subsequently leased a separate satellite transponder , ending its sharing agreement with nickelodeon to become a 24-hour service .
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) .
the loc included launch complex 39 , a launch control center , and a 130 million cubic foot ( 3.7 million cubic meter ) vertical assembly building ( vab ) in which the space vehicle ( launch vehicle and spacecraft ) would be assembled on a mobile launcher platform and then moved by a transporter to one of several launch pads .
jon culshaw frequently impersonates the fourth doctor in the bbc dead ringers series .
as of 2005 , there were about 667,000 firms employing 1 million contractors ( 200,000 general contractors , 38,000 heavy , and 432,000 specialty ) ; the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees .
by this definition , civil disobedience could be traced back to the book of exodus , where shiphrah and puah refused a direct order of pharaoh but misrepresented how they did it .
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season .
phagocytes generally patrol the body searching for pathogens , but can be called to specific locations by cytokines .
trained as a lawyer he chose the profession of journalism , and wrote about contemporary issues and most importantly about islam and islamic law .
in 2014 , enr compiled the data in nine market segments .
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area .
aristotle provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force as an integral part of aristotelian cosmology .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
governor duquesne sent additional french forces under claude-pierre pecaudy de contrecœur to relieve saint-pierre during the same period , and contrecœur led 500 men south from fort venango on april 5 , 1754. when these forces arrived at the fort on april 16 , contrecœur generously allowed trent 's small company to withdraw .
in the late 1920s , tesla also befriended george sylvester viereck , a poet , writer , mystic , and later , a nazi propagandist .
he taught that true repentance does not involve self-inflicted penances and punishments but rather a change of heart .
trioxygen ( o 3 ) is usually known as ozone and is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue .
the essence is there are three readings , starting with a commission proposal , where the parliament must vote by a majority of all meps ( not just those present ) to block or suggest changes , and the council must vote by qualified majority to approve changes , but by unanimity to block commission amendment .
ironmaster , metallurgist , and member of parliament isaac lowthian bell was born in the city in 1816. other notable people born in or associated with newcastle include : engineer and industrialist lord armstrong , engineer and father of the modern steam railways george stephenson , his son , also an engineer , robert stephenson , engineer and inventor of the steam turbine sir charles parsons , inventor of the incandescent light bulb sir joseph swan , modernist poet basil bunting , and lord chief justice peter taylor .
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army .
the area is also known for its early twentieth century homes , many of which have been restored in recent decades .
high levels of inequality prevent not just economic prosperity , but also the quality of a country 's institutions and high levels of education .
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . )
the success of this exhibition led to the planning of the festival of britain ( 1951 ) .
during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict , the iranian government enjoyed something of a resurgence in popularity amongst the predominantly sunni " arab street , " due to its support for hezbollah and to president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's vehement opposition to the united states and his call that israel shall vanish .
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert .
in contrast , an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent ( the poor ) is associated with higher gdp growth .
the advantage here is that students learn from teachers who specialize in one subject and who tend to be more knowledgeable in that one area than a teacher who teaches many subjects .
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom .
this resulted in one main case , commission v edith cresson where the european court of justice held that a commissioner giving her dentist a job , for which he was clearly unqualified , did in fact not break any law .
a july 23 , 2006 article in the uk newspaper the independent reported woods hole research center results showing that the forest in its present form could survive only three years of drought .
this gives members an opportunity to question the first minister directly on issues under their jurisdiction .
in the january 2006 legislative election—its first foray into the political process—it won the majority of the seats , and in 2007 it drove the plo out of gaza .
a probabilistic turing machine is a deterministic turing machine with an extra supply of random bits .
the simplest valve gears give events of fixed length during the engine cycle and often make the engine rotate in only one direction .
however , this oft-quoted saying of tetzel was by no means representative of contemporary catholic teaching on indulgences , but rather a reflection of his capacity to exaggerate .
davies ' successor , steven moffat , has continued the trend by reviving the silurians in series 5 , cybermats in series 6 , the great intelligence and the ice warriors in series 7 , and zygons in the 50th anniversary special .
he was a critic of the mainstream indian nationalist and secularist indian national congress .
stress can be caused by organizational change , relationships with students , fellow teachers , and administrative personnel , working environment , expectations to substitute , long hours with a heavy workload , and inspections .
in 1976 , bankamericard was renamed and spun off into a separate company known today as visa inc .
they eventually forced tesla out leaving him penniless .
the other includes reproductions of various works of italian renaissance sculpture and architecture , including a full-size replica of michelangelo 's david .
in the years after these rumors , neither tesla nor edison won the prize ( although edison did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1915 and tesla did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1937 ) .
since 1963 , the festival of the arts ( fota ) takes over campus for 7–10 days of exhibitions and interactive artistic endeavors .
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
in response to demands for a german liturgy , luther wrote a german mass , which he published in early 1526. he did not intend it as a replacement for his 1523 adaptation of the latin mass but as an alternative for the " simple people " , a " public stimulation for people to believe and become christians . "
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
it has been claimed that the hungarians under ferenc deák directed revolutionary civil disobedience against the austrian government .
linebacker demarcus ware was selected to play in the pro bowl for the ninth time in his career , ranking second on the team with 7½ sacks .
the report , a two-page statement of the university 's policy in " social and political action , " declared that " to perform its mission in the society , a university must sustain an extraordinary environment of freedom of inquiry and maintain an independence from political fashions , passions , and pressures . "
several of the proposed routes would require trams as opposed to the current light rail trains .
the needs of soy farmers have been used to justify many of the controversial transportation projects that are currently developing in the amazon .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
another important monument , the statue of little insurgent located at the ramparts of the old town , commemorates the children who served as messengers and frontline troops in the warsaw uprising , while the impressive warsaw uprising monument by wincenty kućma was erected in memory of the largest insurrection of world war ii .
the war of the austrian succession ( whose north american theater is known as king george 's war ) formally ended in 1748 with the signing of the treaty of aix-la-chapelle .
spinach leaves grown under green light have been observed to contain many large dumbbell-shaped chloroplasts .
baptized members are those who have been baptized as an infant or child , but who have not subsequently professed their own faith .
on 29 february 2008 , representatives of pnu and odm began working on the finer details of the power-sharing agreement .
in the 2013 episode " the time of the doctor , " the eleventh doctor clarified he was the product of the twelfth regeneration , due to a previous incarnation which he chose not to count and one other aborted regeneration .
after banishing the zwickau prophets , he now faced a battle against not only the established church but also the radical reformers who threatened the new order by fomenting social unrest and violence .
since ozone absorbs strongly in the uv region of the spectrum , the ozone layer of the upper atmosphere functions as a protective radiation shield for the planet .
she was born maria górska in warsaw to wealthy parents and in 1916 married a polish lawyer tadeusz łempicki .
steam engines are external combustion engines , where the working fluid is separate from the combustion products .
temüjin is written in chinese as simplified chinese : 铁木真 ; traditional chinese : 鐵木眞 ; pinyin : tiěmùzhēn .
they differ from glaucophyte and red algal chloroplasts in that they have lost their phycobilisomes , and contain chlorophyll b instead .
he helped bring about ideas for many series including happy days ( which originated as a segment on the anthology series love , american style ) , as well as several soap operas ; however , eisner 's main credit at abc was for developing youth-oriented programming .
in november 1960 , john f. kennedy was elected president after a campaign that promised american superiority over the soviet union in the fields of space exploration and missile defense .
nevertheless , his misguided agitation had the evil result that luther fatefully became one of the 'church fathers ' of anti-semitism and thus provided material for the modern hatred of the jews , cloaking it with the authority of the reformer . "
some non-condensing direct-drive locomotives did meet with some success for long haul freight operations in sweden and for express passenger work in britain , but were not repeated .
pushing against an object on a frictional surface can result in a situation where the object does not move because the applied force is opposed by static friction , generated between the object and the table surface .
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs .
the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz is listed as a unesco world heritage site .
the rhine-meuse delta , the most important natural region of the netherlands begins near millingen aan de rijn , close to the dutch-german border with the division of the rhine into waal and nederrijn .
texas has the largest number of members , with about 1 million .
the better jacksonville plan , promoted as a blueprint for jacksonville 's future and approved by jacksonville voters in 2000 , authorized a half-penny sales tax .
pro bowl linebacker von miller led the team with 11 sacks , forced four fumbles , and recovered three .
elie prioleau from the town of pons in france , was among the first to settle there .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
in 1900 , the los angeles times defined southern california as including " the seven counties of los angeles , san bernardino , orange , riverside , san diego , ventura and santa barbara . "
there are three major types of rock : igneous , sedimentary , and metamorphic .
in world war ii , charles de gaulle and the free french used the overseas colonies as bases from which they fought to liberate france .
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness .
many complexity classes are defined using the concept of a reduction .
by december 25 , japan was considered an arab-friendly state .
the flow reappears on the surface at the northern ( german ) shore of the lake , off the island of lindau .
the walt disney company is also a part-owner of hulu ( as part of a consortium that includes , among other parties , the respective parent companies of nbc and fox , nbcuniversal and 21st century fox ) , and has offered full-length episodes of most of abc 's programming through the streaming service since july 6 , 2009 ( which are available for viewing on hulu 's website and mobile app ) , as part of an agreement reached in april that year that also allowed disney to acquire a 27 % ownership stake in hulu .
the min system manages the placement of the z-ring , ensuring that the chloroplast is cleaved more or less evenly .
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) .
aristotle believed that motionless objects on earth , those composed mostly of the elements earth and water , to be in their natural place on the ground and that they will stay that way if left alone .
in 1529 , warsaw for the first time became the seat of the general sejm , permanent from 1569. in 1573 the city gave its name to the warsaw confederation , formally establishing religious freedom in the polish–lithuanian commonwealth .
a u.s. census 's report stated that in us once other factors are accounted for there is still a difference in earnings between women and men .
the largest single sensory feature is the aboral organ ( at the opposite end from the mouth ) .
when finally edward the confessor returned from his father 's refuge in 1041 , at the invitation of his half-brother harthacnut , he brought with him a norman-educated mind .
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of " invisible " kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments ( later identified as " roentgen rays " or " x-rays " ) .
instead of valves , the entire cylinder rocks , or oscillates , such that one or more holes in the cylinder line up with holes in a fixed port face or in the pivot mounting ( trunnion ) .
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) .
audio versions of all of the lost episodes exist from home viewers who made tape recordings of the show .
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " .
as well as period rooms , the collection includes parts of buildings , for example the two top stories of the facade of sir paul pindar 's house dated c1600 from bishopsgate with elaborately carved wood work and leaded windows , a rare survivor of the great fire of london , there is a brick portal from a london house of the english restoration period and a fireplace from the gallery of northumberland house .
the chloroplast is surrounded by two membranes and has no nucleomorph—all the nucleomorph genes have been transferred to the dinophyte nucleus .
according to goldenson , monday night football helped earn abc regularly score an audience share of 15 % –16 % ; abc sports managed the budget for the monday night time slot to reallocate the weekly budget for abc 's prime time schedule to just six days , as opposed to seven on competing networks .
to ensure a space , in 1947 , abc submitted five applications for television station licenses , one for each market where it owned and operated a radio station ( new york city , los angeles , chicago , san francisco and detroit ) .
:208 kenneth swezey , a journalist whom tesla had befriended , confirmed that tesla rarely slept .
european union law is a body of treaties and legislation , such as regulations and directives , which have direct effect or indirect effect on the laws of european union member states .
in the 18th century , pierre-louis moreau de maupertuis made experiments with scorpion venom and observed that certain dogs and mice were immune to this venom .
this study was followed by design of a larger orbital workshop to be built in orbit from an empty s-ivb saturn upper stage , and grew into the apollo applications program ( aap ) .
inertia therefore applies equally well to constant velocity motion as it does to rest .
apollo/saturn vehicles were also used for an apollo applications program , which consisted of skylab , a space station that supported three manned missions in 1973–74 , and the apollo–soyuz test project , a joint earth orbit mission with the soviet union in 1975 .
federal safety standards , such as nhtsa federal motor vehicle safety standard 215 ( pertaining to safety bumpers ) , and compacts like the 1974 mustang i were a prelude to the dot " downsize " revision of vehicle categories .
gatherings of thousands of people on the banks of the vistula on midsummer ’ s night for a festival called wianki ( polish for wreaths ) have become a tradition and a yearly event in the programme of cultural events in warsaw .
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes .
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
as organisms exist at the same time period throughout the world , their presence or ( sometimes ) absence may be used to provide a relative age of the formations in which they are found .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
teachers in wales can be registered members of trade unions such as atl , nut or nasuwt and reports in recent years suggest that the average age of teachers in wales is falling with teachers being younger than in previous years .
singlet oxygen is a name given to several higher-energy species of molecular o 2 in which all the electron spins are paired .
controlled , experimental studies exploring intrinsic motivation of college students has shown that nonverbal expressions of enthusiasm , such as demonstrative gesturing , dramatic movements which are varied , and emotional facial expressions , result in college students reporting higher levels of intrinsic motivation to learn .
since all modern ctenophores except the beroids have cydippid-like larvae , it has widely been assumed that their last common ancestor also resembled cydippids , having an egg-shaped body and a pair of retractable tentacles .
self-fertilization has occasionally been seen in species of the genus mnemiopsis , and it is thought that most of the hermaphroditic species are self-fertile .
dubbed skylab , it was constructed complete on the ground rather than in space , and launched in 1973 using the two lower stages of a saturn v. it was equipped with an apollo telescope mount , the solar telescope that would have been used on the apollo telescope missions .
the problems with north american were severe enough in late 1965 to cause manned space flight administrator george mueller to appoint program director samuel phillips to head a " tiger team " to investigate north american 's problems and identify corrections .
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver .
restrictions implemented by disney–abc television group on january 7 , 2014 restrict streaming of the most recent episode of any abc program on hulu and watch abc until eight days after their initial broadcast , in order to encourage live or same-week ( via both dvr and cable on demand ) viewing , with day-after-air streaming on either service limited to subscribers of participating pay television providers ( such as comcast , verizon fios and time warner cable ) using an isp account via an authenticated user login .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
a study in england showed a 0.3 % prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional , a group that included priests , religious leaders , and case workers as well as teachers .
preventable diseases like malaria , hiv/aids , pneumonia , diarrhoea and malnutrition are the biggest burden , major child-killers , and responsible for much morbidity ; weak policies , corruption , inadequate health workers , weak management and poor leadership in the public health sector are largely to blame .
accordingly , the term odd prime refers to any prime number greater than 2. similarly , when written in the usual decimal system , all prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1 , 3 , 7 , or 9 , since even numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5 .
goldenson added to the confusion when , in october 1954 , he proposed a merger between upt and the dumont television network , which was also mired in financial trouble .
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit .
a flaw with this test is that there are some composite numbers ( the carmichael numbers ) that satisfy the fermat identity even though they are not prime , so the test has no way of distinguishing between prime numbers and carmichael numbers .
without the pressure reaching supercritical levels for the working fluid , the temperature range the cycle can operate over is quite small ; in steam turbines , turbine entry temperatures are typically 565 °c ( the creep limit of stainless steel ) and condenser temperatures are around 30 °c .
the saxon garden , covering the area of 15.5 ha , was formally a royal garden .
they were licensed by st. george 's church in 1784. three years later , protesting racial segregation in the worship services , allen led most of the black members out of st. george 's ; eventually they founded the mother bethel a.m.e. church and the african methodist episcopal denomination .
the years of struggle with rome , the antagonisms with and among his fellow reformers , and the scandal which ensued from the bigamy of the philip of hesse incident , in which luther had played a leading role , all may have contributed .
refined hindu and buddhist sculptures reflect the influence of india ; items on show include betel-nut cutters , ivory combs and bronze palanquin hooks .
in 1933 , out of 1,178,914 inhabitants 833,500 were of polish mother tongue .
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique .
in the channel 4 series queer as folk ( created by later doctor who executive producer russell t. davies ) , the character of vince was portrayed as an avid doctor who fan , with references appearing many times throughout in the form of clips from the programme .
several thousand major and non-major undergraduates enroll annually in creative and performing arts classes .
" official " reconstructions have also been released by the bbc on vhs , on mp3 cd-rom , and as special features on dvd .
all of the network 's programming has been presented in hd since january 2012 ( with the exception of certain holiday specials produced prior to 2005 – such as the peanuts specials and rudolph 's shiny new year – which continue to be presented in 4:3 sd ) , when extreme makeover : home edition ended its run as a regular series and one life to live ( which had been presented in 16:9 standard definition since 2010 ) also ended its abc run .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram .
the largest share of kenya 's electricity supply comes from hydroelectric stations at dams along the upper tana river , as well as the turkwel gorge dam in the west .
in the sandgate area , to the east of the city and beside the river , resided the close-knit community of keelmen and their families .
other main architectural attractions include the castle square with the royal castle and the iconic king sigismund 's column , st. john 's cathedral , market square , palaces , churches and mansions all displaying a richness of colour and architectural detail .
this mechanism is still the leading theory today ; however , a second theory suggests that most cpdna is actually linear and replicates through homologous recombination .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
as of the census of 2000 , there were 427,652 people , 140,079 households , and 97,915 families residing in the city .
for every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.3 males .
in 1999 the european council set up a body tasked with drafting a european charter of human rights , which could form the constitutional basis for the european union and as such tailored specifically to apply to the european union and its institutions .
at the end of 1949 , movie theater operator united paramount theatres ( upt ) was forced by the u.s. supreme court to become an independent entity , separating itself from paramount pictures .
hayri abaza argues the failure to distinguish between islam and islamism leads many in the west to support illiberal islamic regimes , to the detriment of progressive moderates who seek to separate religion from politics .
a steep and steady decline in the popularity and credibility of secular , socialist and nationalist politics ensued .
pigeon peas are very drought resistant , so can be grown in areas with less than 650 mm annual rainfall .
approximately one million protestants in modern france represent some 2 % of its population .
gatherings of thousands of people on the banks of the vistula on midsummer ’ s night for a festival called wianki ( polish for wreaths ) have become a tradition and a yearly event in the programme of cultural events in warsaw .
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species .
the graph isomorphism problem is the computational problem of determining whether two finite graphs are isomorphic .
for example , the authority of the yuan legal system , the ministry of justice , did not extend to legal cases involving mongols and semuren , who had separate courts of justice .
it is only when observing the motion in a global sense that the curvature of space-time can be observed and the force is inferred from the object 's curved path .
as of march 2015 [ update ] , abc has eight owned-and-operated stations , and current and pending affiliation agreements with 235 additional television stations encompassing 49 states , the district of columbia , four u.s. possessions , bermuda and saba ; this makes abc the largest u.s. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm .
in contrast , an instance of this problem is a rather concrete utterance , which can serve as the input for a decision problem .
in 1977 , roone arledge was named president of the new abc news in addition to being president of abc sports .
this expedient has since been generally considered satisfactory for most purposes and makes possible the use of the simpler stephenson , joy and walschaerts motions .
if graph isomorphism is np-complete , the polynomial time hierarchy collapses to its second level .
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique .
teacher enthusiasm may contribute to a classroom atmosphere full of energy and enthusiasm which feed student interest and excitement in learning the subject matter .
the alga cyanophora , a glaucophyte , is thought to be one of the first organisms to contain a chloroplast .
other arguments include the lack of accounts of the death of rats before outbreaks of plague between the 14th and 17th centuries ; temperatures that are too cold in northern europe for the survival of fleas ; that , despite primitive transport systems , the spread of the black death was much faster than that of modern bubonic plague ; that mortality rates of the black death appear to be very high ; that , while modern bubonic plague is largely endemic as a rural disease , the black death indiscriminately struck urban and rural areas ; and that the pattern of the black death , with major outbreaks in the same areas separated by 5 to 15 years , differs from modern bubonic plague—which often becomes endemic for decades with annual flare-ups .
one class of non-self molecules are called antigens ( short for antibody generators ) and are defined as substances that bind to specific immune receptors and elicit an immune response .
for example , an object suspended on a vertical spring scale experiences the force of gravity acting on the object balanced by a force applied by the " spring reaction force " , which equals the object 's weight .
they were so called because they worked on the keels , boats that were used to transfer coal from the river banks to the waiting colliers , for export to london and elsewhere .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size .
english chemist john mayow ( 1641–1679 ) refined this work by showing that fire requires only a part of air that he called spiritus nitroaereus or just nitroaereus .
[ citation needed ] figures remained respectable into the 1980s , but fell noticeably after the programme 's 23rd series was postponed in 1985 and the show was off the air for 18 months . its late 1980s performance of three to five million viewers was seen as poor at the time and was , according to the bbc board of control , a leading cause of the programme 's 1989 suspension .
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1. the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) !
in 1951 , noble held a 58 % ownership stake in abc , giving him $ 5 million with which to prevent abc from going bankrupt ; as banks refused further credit , that amount was obtained through a loan from the prudential insurance company of america .
the council meets twice a year at various locations throughout the world .
china has been causing environmental and social problems that include the recent suspension of the railway project .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
process by which , under certain conditions , newly created wealth concentrates in the possession of already-wealthy individuals or entities .
he finished a four-year term in three years , graduating in 1873.:33
currently , the average scottish parliament constituency comprises 55,000 electors .
aken , adopted by mexican movie actress lupe mayorga , grew up in the neighboring town of madera and his song chronicled the hardships faced by the migrant farm workers he saw as a child .
in addition , there is a large hindu population in kenya ( around 300,000 ) , who have played a key role in the local economy ; they are mostly of indian origin .
having deduced such proper set inclusions , we can proceed to make quantitative statements about how much more additional time or space is needed in order to increase the number of problems that can be solved .
some of these primes have been found using distributed computing .
concluded in 2011 " that the black death in medieval europe was caused by a variant of y. pestis that may no longer exist . "
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique .
germany did so , and underground leader piłsudski returned to warsaw on 11 november and set up what became the second polish republic , with warsaw the capital .
ranging from about 1 millimeter ( 0.039 in ) to 1.5 meters ( 4.9 ft ) in size , ctenophores are the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia ( " hairs " ) as their main method of locomotion .
the governor could not actually hold a set speed , because it would assume a new constant speed in response to load changes .
for many years it was described as " semi-legal " and was the only opposition group in egypt able to field candidates during elections .
it is perhaps the first modern [ vague ] statement of the principle of nonviolent protest .
in 1700 several hundred french huguenots migrated from england to the colony of virginia , where the english crown had promised them land grants in lower norfolk county .
like much of the south atlantic region of the united states , jacksonville has a humid subtropical climate ( köppen cfa ) , with mild weather during winters and hot and humid weather during summers .
other evidence of the walloons and huguenots in canterbury includes a block of houses in turnagain lane , where weavers ' windows survive on the top floor , as many huguenots worked as weavers .
the history of the steam engine stretches back as far as the first century ad ; the first recorded rudimentary steam engine being the aeolipile described by greek mathematician hero of alexandria .
norman adventurers founded the kingdom of sicily under roger ii after conquering southern italy on the saracens and byzantines , and an expedition on behalf of their duke , william the conqueror , led to the norman conquest of england at the battle of hastings in 1066. norman cultural and military influence spread from these new european centres to the crusader states of the near east , where their prince bohemond i founded the principality of antioch in the levant , to scotland and wales in great britain , to ireland , and to the coasts of north africa and the canary islands .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
most of the prostitutes in kenya are aged 9–18 .
elections for the victorian parliament are now fixed and occur in november every four years .
in front of the field of macrocilia , on the mouth " lips " in some species of beroe , is a pair of narrow strips of adhesive epithelial cells on the stomach wall that " zip " the mouth shut when the animal is not feeding , by forming intercellular connections with the opposite adhesive strip .
a portion of grainger town was demolished in the 1960s to make way for the eldon square shopping centre , including all but one side of the original eldon square itself .
after each team punted , panthers quarterback cam newton appeared to complete a 24-yard pass jerricho cotchery , but the call was ruled an incompletion and upheld after a replay challenge .
as they build phase 1 , they design phase 2. this is in contrast to a design-bid-build contract , where the project is completely designed by the owner , then bid on , then completed .
22 % of gdp still comes from the unreliable agricultural sector which employs 75 % of the labour force ( a consistent characteristic of under-developed economies that have not attained food security – an important catalyst of economic growth ) a small portion of the population relies on food aid .
bielany forest , located within the borders of warsaw , is the remaining part of the masovian primeval forest .
imperialism and colonialism have been used in order to describe one 's superiority , domination and influence upon a person or group of people .
southern california consists of one of the more varied collections of geologic , topographic , and natural ecosystem landscapes in a diversity outnumbering other major regions in the state and country .
the river length is significantly shortened from the river 's natural course due to number of canalisation projects completed in the 19th and 20th century .
in 1227 , genghis khan 's army attacked and destroyed the tangut capital of ning hia and continued to advance , seizing lintiao-fu , xining province , xindu-fu , and deshun province in quick succession in the spring .
the agreements include fixed annual carriage fees of £30m for the channels with both channel suppliers able to secure additional capped payments if their channels meet certain performance-related targets .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
many apicomplexans keep a vestigial red algal derived chloroplast called an apicoplast , which they inherited from their ancestors .
at that time , it did not yet carry discharge from the alps ; instead , the watersheds of the rhone and danube drained the northern flanks of the alps .
in the 1970s , the city was the subject of a song , " walking into fresno " , written by hall of fame guitarist bill aken and recorded by bob gallion of the world-famous " wwva jamboree " radio and television show in wheeling , west virginia .
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland .
the story is based on comments made by philipp melanchthon , though it is thought that he was not in wittenberg at the time .
dna becomes susceptible to deamination events when it is single stranded .
the " west side " of fresno , also often called " southwest fresno " , is one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city .
the sky q mini set top boxes connect to the sky q silver set top boxes with a wi-fi or power-line connection rather than receive their own satellite feeds .
the story is based on comments made by philipp melanchthon , though it is thought that he was not in wittenberg at the time .
many centuries later leonardo da vinci built on philo 's work by observing that a portion of air is consumed during combustion and respiration .
many questions regarding prime numbers remain open , such as goldbach 's conjecture ( that every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes ) , and the twin prime conjecture ( that there are infinitely many pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ) .
the glass collection covers 4000 years of glass making , and has over 6000 items from africa , britain , europe , america and asia .
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice .
revolutionary civil disobedience is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ( or to change cultural traditions , social customs , religious beliefs , etc ... revolution does n't have to be political , i.e .
with the establishment of trading posts in india , the british were able to maintain strength relative to others empires such as the portuguese who already had set up trading posts in india .
after a three-day investigation , trump 's report concluded that there was nothing which would constitute a hazard in unfriendly hands , stating :
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " .
[ further explanation needed ] after the defeat of napoleon , who caused the dissolution of that holy roman empire , prussia and the german states continued to stand aloof from imperialism , preferring to manipulate the european system through the concert of europe .
two fundamental differences involved the division of functions and tasks between the hosts at the edge of the network and the network core .
major genghis khan statues have been erected before the parliament and near ulaanbaatar .
several microplates were caught in the squeeze and rotated or were pushed laterally , generating the individual features of mediterranean geography : iberia pushed up the pyrenees ; italy , the alps , and anatolia , moving west , the mountains of greece and the islands .
hamas has been praised by muslims for driving israel out of the gaza strip , but criticized for failure to achieve its demands in the 2008-9 and 2014 gaza wars despite heavy destruction and significant loss of life .
seeing this as damaging to the mongol nation , kublai in 1291 forbade the sale abroad of mongols .
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg .
it initially used arpanet technology but changed the host interface to x.25 and the terminal interface to x.29 .
but bounding the computation time above by some concrete function f ( n ) often yields complexity classes that depend on the chosen machine model .
the victorian constitution can be amended by the parliament of victoria , except for certain " entrenched " provisions that require either an absolute majority in both houses , a three-fifths majority in both houses , or the approval of the victorian people in a referendum , depending on the provision .
a further contract to build the ac distribution system was awarded to general electric .
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river .
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal ( united states ) calendar of saints .
members of the genus dinophysis have a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte .
the united methodist church ( umc ) is a mainline protestant methodist denomination .
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982. this building is of concrete and very functional , the only embellishment being the iron gates by christopher hay and douglas coyne of the royal college of art .
in on the abrogation of the private mass , he condemned as idolatry the idea that the mass is a sacrifice , asserting instead that it is a gift , to be received with thanksgiving by the whole congregation .
southern california 's population encompasses seven metropolitan areas , or msas : the los angeles metropolitan area , consisting of los angeles and orange counties ; the inland empire , consisting of riverside and san bernardino counties ; the san diego metropolitan area ; the oxnard–thousand oaks–ventura metropolitan area ; the santa barbara metro area ; the san luis obispo metropolitan area ; and the el centro area .
the centre currently realizes about 500 projects a year .
in 2004 , the v & a alongside royal institute of british architects opened the first permanent gallery in the uk covering the history of architecture with displays using models , photographs , elements from buildings and original drawings .
the swiss cities , however , did not sign these agreements .
the two us navy bases , blount island command and the nearby naval submarine base kings bay form the third largest military presence in the united states .
at the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 , the governors of british east africa ( as the protectorate was generally known ) and german east africa agreed a truce in an attempt to keep the young colonies out of direct hostilities .
annual tuition fees at k-12 schools range from nothing at so called 'tuition-free ' schools to more than $ 45,000 at several new england preparatory schools .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
the apollo spacecraft could be tested in two vacuum chambers capable of simulating atmospheric pressure at altitudes up to 250,000 feet ( 76 km ) , which is nearly a vacuum .
during the divestment from south africa movement in the late 1980s , student activists erected a symbolic " shantytown " on harvard yard and blockaded a speech given by south african vice consul duke kent-brown .
in early 1938 , tesla was able to get up .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
the world watched annan and his un-backed panel and african union chairman jakaya kikwete as they brought together the former rivals to the signing ceremony , beamed live on national tv from the steps of nairobi 's harambee house .
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great .
thereafter , technological developments and improvements in manufacturing techniques ( partly brought about by the adoption of the steam engine as a power source ) resulted in the design of more efficient engines that could be smaller , faster , or more powerful , depending on the intended application .
and still other civil disobedients , being anarchists , do n't believe in the legitimacy of any government , and therefore see no need to accept punishment for a violation of criminal law that does not infringe the rights of others .
at the time the only concern was that member states should be prevented from violating human rights , hence the establishment of the european convention on human rights in 1950 and the establishment of the european court of human rights .
the lutheran theologian franz pieper observed that luther 's teaching about the state of the christian 's soul after death differed from the later lutheran theologians such as johann gerhard . lessing ( 1755 ) had earlier reached the same conclusion in his analysis of lutheran orthodoxy on this issue .
his father , milutin tesla , was a serbian orthodox priest .
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary .
victoria ( abbreviated as vic ) is a state in the south-east of australia .
oxygen was liquified in stable state for the first time on march 29 , 1883 by polish scientists from jagiellonian university , zygmunt wróblewski and karol olszewski .
the first commercial steam-powered device was a water pump , developed in 1698 by thomas savery .
mid-ocean ridges , high regions on the seafloor where hydrothermal vents and volcanoes exist , were explained as divergent boundaries , where two plates move apart .
bethencourt took the title of king of the canary islands , as vassal to henry iii of castile .
a version was taken up by the author henry david thoreau in his essay civil disobedience , and later by gandhi in his doctrine of satyagraha .
stadtholder william iii of orange , who later became king of england , emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv after the french attacked the dutch republic in 1672. william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state .
european union law is applied by the courts of member states and the court of justice of the european union .
snow is a rarity ; the heaviest snowfall at the airport was 2.2 inches ( 0.06 m ) on january 21 , 1962 .
uniflow engines attempt to remedy the difficulties arising from the usual counterflow cycle where , during each stroke , the port and the cylinder walls will be cooled by the passing exhaust steam , whilst the hotter incoming admission steam will waste some of its energy in restoring working temperature .
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union .
the quantitative answer to this particular problem instance is of little use for solving other instances of the problem , such as asking for a round trip through all sites in milan whose total length is at most 10 km .
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen .
derived from william ellery channing and ralph waldo emerson , these convictions were focused on the dignity and worth of human nature , the right and ability of each person to perceive truth , and the indwelling god in each person .
the yuan dynasty was the first time that non-native chinese people ruled all of china .
convening the parliamentary bureau , which allocates time and sets the work agenda in the chamber , is another of the roles of the presiding officer .
these stages were called expansions , with double and triple expansion engines being common , especially in shipping where efficiency was important to reduce the weight of coal carried .
this makes plastid transformation a valuable tool for the creation and cultivation of genetically modified plants that are biologically contained , thus posing significantly lower environmental risks .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
the ipcc does not carry out research nor does it monitor climate related data .
curiously , around half of the protein products of transferred genes are n't even targeted back to the chloroplast .
when the fcc imposed its fin-syn rules in 1970 , abc proactively created two companies : worldvision enterprises as a syndication distributor , and abc circle films as a production company .
the engulfed alga was broken down , leaving only its chloroplast , and sometimes its cell membrane and nucleus , forming a chloroplast with three or four membranes—the two cyanobacterial membranes , sometimes the eaten alga 's cell membrane , and the phagosomal vacuole from the host 's cell membrane .
the last was owned by electronics manufacturer radio corporation of america ( rca ) , which owned two radio networks that each ran different varieties of programming , nbc blue and nbc red .
the most recent episodes of the network 's shows are usually made available on watch abc , hulu and abc on demand the day after their original broadcast .
chloroplasts may be converted to chromoplasts , which are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit .
the network also struggled to establish new comedies to support the previous year 's debuts , with only late-season premiere happy endings earning a second season .
this traditional name continues as the standard in the united states , but it obscures the fact that indians fought on both sides of the conflict , and that this was part of the seven years ' war , a much larger conflict between france and great britain .
two future opponents in the american revolutionary war , washington and thomas gage , played key roles in organizing the retreat .
these advances led to the development of a layered model of the earth , with a crust and lithosphere on top , the mantle below ( separated within itself by seismic discontinuities at 410 and 660 kilometers ) , and the outer core and inner core below that .
since 7500 yr ago , a situation with tides and currents , very similar to present has existed .
survivors from the citadel were executed , artisans and craftsmen were sent back to mongolia , young men who had not fought were drafted into the mongolian army and the rest of the population was sent into slavery .
uk law only required £1 of capital to start a company , while denmark 's legislature took the view companies should only be started up if they had 200,000 danish krone ( around €27,000 ) to protect creditors if the company failed and went insolvent .
public schools , also known as state or government schools , are funded and run directly by the victoria department of education .
they synthesize ordinary starch , which is stored in granules found in the periplastid space—outside the original double membrane , in the place that corresponds to the red alga 's cytoplasm .
though there is no official definition for the northern boundary of southern california , such a division has existed from the time when mexico ruled california , and political disputes raged between the californios of monterey in the upper part and los angeles in the lower part of alta california .
bypassing the nasa hierarchy , he sent a series of memos and reports on the issue to associate administrator robert seamans ; while acknowledging that he spoke " somewhat as a voice in the wilderness , " houbolt pleaded that lor should not be discounted in studies of the question .
céloron threatened " old briton " with severe consequences if he continued to trade with the british .
chicago 's physics department helped develop the world 's first man-made , self-sustaining nuclear reaction beneath the university 's stagg field .
phagocytosis evolved as a means of acquiring nutrients , but this role was extended in phagocytes to include engulfment of pathogens as a defense mechanism .
perhaps the most significant difference between primary school and secondary school teaching is the relationship between teachers and children .
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation .
through combining the definition of electric current as the time rate of change of electric charge , a rule of vector multiplication called lorentz 's law describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field .
engineers working for the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company reported to george westinghouse that tesla had a viable ac motor and related power system — something for which westinghouse had been trying to secure patents .
some have described the internal strife between various people groups as a form of imperialism or colonialism .
another standard tactic of the mongol military was the commonly practiced feigned retreat to break enemy formations and to lure small enemy groups away from the larger group and defended position for ambush and counterattack .
in much of the u.s. south , many white students migrated to the academies , while public schools became in turn more heavily concentrated with african-american students ( see list of private schools in mississippi ) .
several hospital pharmacies have decided to outsource high risk preparations and some other compounding functions to companies who specialize in compounding .
these baptized members become professing members through confirmation and sometimes the profession of faith .
broadcaster and writer stuart maconie described newcastle as england 's best-looking city and the late german-born british scholar of architecture , nikolaus pevsner , describes grey street as one of the finest streets in england .
to the south is the mexico–united states border .
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments .
in the local alemannic dialect , the singular is pronounced " isel " and this is also the local pronunciation of esel ( " donkey " ) .
euglenophyte chloroplasts have a pyrenoid and thylakoids stacked in groups of three .
during periods of lower global temperatures , snow and rain from that evaporated water tends to be higher in oxygen-16 , and the seawater left behind tends to be higher in oxygen-18 .
by contrast , the court of justice held that ultimately the treaty of rome in no way prevented energy nationalisation , and in any case under the treaty provisions only the commission could have brought a claim , not mr costa .
however , as a result of the referendum in france and the referendum in the netherlands , the 2004 treaty establishing a constitution for europe never came into force .
as of 2015 , with costs estimated at £76 million , it is the most expensive gallery project ever undertaken in scotland .
successive projects encouraged the commercialisation of legumes , by stimulating the growth of local seed production and agro-dealer networks for distribution and marketing .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
his extremely influential books ( translated into many languages ) placed islam in a modern context , and influenced not only conservative ulema but liberal modernizer islamists such as al-faruqi , whose " islamization of knowledge " carried forward some of maududi 's key principles .
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great .
this also led luther to reject the idea of torments for the saints : " it is enough for us to know that souls do not leave their bodies to be threatened by the torments and punishments of hell , but enter a prepared bedchamber in which they sleep in peace . "
in the case of model or toy steam engines , the heat source can be an electric heating element .
the soulages collection of italian and french renaissance objects was acquired between 1859 and 1865 , and includes several cassone .
manning and newton had quarterback passer ratings of 56.6 and 55.4 , respectively , and their added total of 112 is a record lowest aggregate passer rating for a super bowl .
state route 41 ( yosemite freeway/eisenhower freeway ) comes into fresno from atascadero in the south , and then heads north to yosemite .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
in the us production , distribution and price disruptions " have been held responsible for recessions , periods of excessive inflation , reduced productivity , and lower economic growth . "
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
the french wars of religion in the 16th century and french revolution in the 18th successively destroyed much of what existed in the way of the architectural and artistic remnant of this norman creativity .
examples include the huguenot district and french church street in cork city ; and d'olier street in dublin , named after a high sheriff and one of the founders of the bank of ireland .
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south .
salaries for nursery , primary and secondary school teachers ranged from £20,133 to £41,004 in september 2007 , although some salaries can go much higher depending on experience and extra responsibilities .
during his analysis of nineteenth-century cartographic techniques , he highlights the use of blank space to denote unknown or unexplored territory .
private bill committees have been set up to consider legislation on issues such as the development of the edinburgh tram network , the glasgow airport rail link , the airdrie-bathgate rail link and extensions to the national gallery of scotland .
this building was vacated twice to allow for the meeting of the church 's general assembly .
once kennedy 's moon landing goal became official , detailed design began of a command/service module ( csm ) in which the crew would spend the entire direct-ascent mission and lift off from the lunar surface for the return trip , after being soft-landed by a larger landing propulsion module .
these include the miller–rabin primality test , which is fast but has a small probability of error , and the aks primality test , which always produces the correct answer in polynomial time but is too slow to be practical .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated .
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage .
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down .
in march 1879 , milutin tesla went to maribor to beg his son to return home , but nikola refused .
this triggered one of the largest gold rushes the world has ever seen .
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique .
it is possible that the inverted repeats help stabilize the rest of the chloroplast genome , as chloroplast dnas which have lost some of the inverted repeat segments tend to get rearranged more .
andrew lortie ( born andré lortie ) , a leading huguenot theologian and writer who led the exiled community in london , became known for articulating their criticism of the pope and the doctrine of transubstantiation during mass .
other original plays have been staged as amateur productions , with other actors playing the doctor , while terry nation wrote the curse of the daleks , a stage play mounted in the late 1960s , but without the doctor .
some buyers lamented the small size of the first japanese compacts , and both toyota and nissan ( then known as datsun ) introduced larger cars such as the toyota corona mark ii , the toyota cressida , the mazda 616 and datsun 810 , which added passenger space and amenities such as air conditioning , power steering , am-fm radios , and even power windows and central locking without increasing the price of the vehicle .
bskyb launched its hdtv service , sky+ hd , on 22 may 2006. prior to its launch , bskyb claimed that 40,000 people had registered to receive the hd service .
in the august 1917 edition of the magazine electrical experimenter tesla postulated that electricity could be used to locate submarines via using the reflection of an " electric ray " of " tremendous frequency , " with the signal being viewed on a fluorescent screen ( a system that has been noted to have a superficial resemblance to modern radar ) .
he insisted that , since forgiveness was god 's alone to grant , those who claimed that indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation were in error .
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block .
but snow is very rare in the southwest of the state , it occurs on the southeast of the state .
steven r. ward wrote that " overall , the mongol violence and depredations killed up to three-fourths of the population of the iranian plateau , possibly 10 to 15 million people .
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) .
oxygen was discovered independently by carl wilhelm scheele , in uppsala , in 1773 or earlier , and joseph priestley in wiltshire , in 1774 , but priestley is often given priority because his work was published first .
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime .
his room had been entered and his papers had been scrutinized , but the thieves , or spies , left empty-handed .
another motive for the large scale purchase of arms from the us by saudi arabia was the failure of the shah during january 1979 to maintain control of iran , a non-arabic but largely shiite muslim nation , which fell to a theocratic islamist government under the ayatollah ruhollah khomeini in the wake of the 1979 iranian revolution .
" bairn " and " hyem " , meaning " child " and " home " , respectively , are examples of geordie words with origins in scandinavia ; barn and hjem are the corresponding modern norwegian and danish words .
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library .
he left law school , sold his books , and entered a closed augustinian cloister in erfurt on 17 july 1505. one friend blamed the decision on luther 's sadness over the deaths of two friends .
the label huguenot was purportedly first applied in france to those conspirators ( all of them aristocratic members of the reformed church ) involved in the amboise plot of 1560 : a foiled attempt to wrest power in france from the influential house of guise .
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york .
some construction workers in the us/canada have made more than $ 100,000 annually , depending on their trade .
a bridge was built across the tyne , between newcastle and gateshead , and opened by queen elizabeth ii in 1981. the network is operated by db regio on behalf of nexus and carries over 37 million passengers a year , extending as far as newcastle airport , tynemouth , south shields and south hylton in sunderland .
in cpdna , there are several a → g deamination gradients .
epidemics that may have included plague killed an estimated 25 million chinese and other asians during the 15 years before it reached constantinople in 1347 .
the chloroplast double membrane is also often compared to the mitochondrial double membrane .
after the german invasion of poland on 1 september 1939 began the second world war , warsaw was defended till september 27. central poland , including warsaw , came under the rule of the general government , a german nazi colonial administration .
the ming founder zhu yuanzhang had muslim generals like lan yu who rebelled against the mongols and defeated them in combat .
philip segal , a british expatriate who worked for columbia pictures ' television arm in the united states , had approached the bbc about such a venture as early as july 1989 , while the 26th series was still in production .
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm .
wembly examined the body and ruled that the cause of death had been coronary thrombosis .
the population of pons aelius at this period was estimated at 2,000. fragments of hadrian 's wall are still visible in parts of newcastle , particularly along the west road .
a problem x is hard for a class of problems c if every problem in c can be reduced to x. thus no problem in c is harder than x , since an algorithm for x allows us to solve any problem in c. of course , the notion of hard problems depends on the type of reduction being used .
in 1932 the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon stated the length as 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , presumably a typographical error .
he proposed an academic discussion of the power and usefulness of indulgences in his ninety-five theses of 1517. his refusal to retract all of his writings at the demand of pope leo x in 1520 and the holy roman emperor charles v at the diet of worms in 1521 resulted in his excommunication by the pope and condemnation as an outlaw by the emperor .
the appletalk system automatically assigned addresses , updated the distributed namespace , and configured any required inter-network routing .
stadtholder william iii of orange , who later became king of england , emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv after the french attacked the dutch republic in 1672. william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state .
tesla would then resume his work , often until 3:00 a.m. " :283 , 286
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
later mongol chronicles connect genghis ' death with a western xia princess taken as war booty .
this difference was particularly apparent in textual and visual works of early european studies of the orient that positioned the east as irrational and backward in opposition to the rational and progressive west .
arpanet and sita hln became operational in 1969. before the introduction of x.25 in 1973 , about twenty different network technologies had been developed .
the harvard art museums comprises three museums .
victoria 's total gross state product ( gsp ) is ranked second in australia , although victoria is ranked fourth in terms of gsp per capita because of its limited mining activity .
the revocation forbade protestant services , required education of children as catholics , and prohibited emigration .
four thousand emigrated to the north american colonies , where they settled in new york and virginia , especially .
the emerging field of bioinformatics-based studies of immunogenicity is referred to as immunoinformatics .
the plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of british bacteriologist j. f. d. shrewsbury in 1970 , who noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague , leading him to conclude that contemporary accounts were exaggerations .
starting with the 2009 special " planet of the dead " , the series was filmed in 1080i for hdtv , and broadcast simultaneously on bbc one and bbc hd .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
developing countries with high inequality have " succeeded in initiating growth at high rates for a few years " but " longer growth spells are robustly associated with more equality in the income distribution . "
this decrease in wages caused a period of compression and decreased inequality between skilled and unskilled workers .
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 .
paul revere was descended from huguenot refugees , as was henry laurens , who signed the articles of confederation for south carolina ; jack jouett , who made the ride from cuckoo tavern to warn thomas jefferson and others that tarleton and his men were on their way to arrest him for crimes against the king ; francis marion , and a number of other leaders of the american revolution and later statesmen .
on april 1 , 1963 , abc debuted the soap opera general hospital , which would go on to become the television network 's long-running entertainment program .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
the main difference is that heat addition ( in the boiler ) and rejection ( in the condenser ) are isobaric ( constant pressure ) processes in the rankine cycle and isothermal ( constant temperature ) processes in the theoretical carnot cycle .
in 1957 , kosanović 's secretary charlotte muzar transported tesla 's ashes from the united states to belgrade .
in some groups , such as the flat , bottom-dwelling platyctenids , the juveniles behave more like true larvae , as they live among the plankton and thus occupy a different ecological niche from their parents and attain the adult form by a more radical metamorphosis , after dropping to the sea-floor .
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
this is not a valid comparison—the inner mitochondria membrane is used to run proton pumps and carry out oxidative phosphorylation across to generate atp energy .
in its focus on the caliphate , the party takes a different view of muslim history than some other islamists such as muhammad qutb .
he purchased their construction tools to continue building what became fort duquesne .
the young are generally planktonic and in most species look like miniature cydippids , gradually changing into their adult shapes as they grow .
the programme has replaced all ticket machines and introduced ticket gates at the busiest stations - part of the transition to smart ticketing .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
to secure further loans , westinghouse was forced to revisit tesla 's ac patent , which bankers considered a financial strain on the company ( at that point westinghouse had paid out an estimated $ 200,000 in licenses and royalties to tesla , brown , and peck ) .
july is the warmest month , averaging 83.0 °f ( 28.3 °c ) ; normally , there are 32 days of 100 °f ( 37.8 °c ) + highs and 106 days of 90 °f ( 32.2 °c ) + highs , and in july and august , there are only three or four days where the high does not reach 90 °f ( 32.2 °c ) .
while bskyb had been excluded from being a part of the ondigital consortium , thereby making them a competitor by default , bskyb was able to join itv digital 's free-to-air replacement , freeview , in which it holds an equal stake with the bbc , itv , channel 4 and national grid wireless .
with isotopic dates it became possible to assign absolute ages to rock units , and these absolute dates could be applied to fossil sequences in which there was datable material , converting the old relative ages into new absolute ages .
their style was characterised by rounded arches , particularly over windows and doorways , and massive proportions .
while the maria skłodowska-curie institute of oncology it is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in europe .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
type i hypersensitivity is an immediate or anaphylactic reaction , often associated with allergy .
co-teaching focuses the student on learning by providing a social networking support that allows them to reach their full cognitive potential .
luther 's pamphlets against the church and the hierarchy , often worded with " liberal " phraseology , now led many peasants to believe he would support an attack on the upper classes in general .
the university also annually holds a summer carnival and concert called summer breeze that hosts outside musicians , and is home to doc films , a student film society founded in 1932 that screens films nightly at the university .
it has bachelor 's degree programs in visual arts , music , and art history , and , more recently , cinema & media studies ( 1996 ) and theater & performance studies ( 2002 ) .
newton 's second law asserts the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and the inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass .
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series .
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves .
he became convinced that the church was corrupt in its ways and had lost sight of what he saw as several of the central truths of christianity .
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) .
the museum continues to acquire examples of modern fashion to add to the collection .
by 9000 bp , europe was fully forested .
generally speaking , while all member states recognise that eu law takes primacy over national law where this agreed in the treaties , they do not accept that the court of justice has the final say on foundational constitutional questions affecting democracy and human rights .
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies .
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill .
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network .
the taliban were spawned by the thousands of madrasahs the deobandi movement established for impoverished afghan refugees and supported by governmental and religious groups in neighboring pakistan .
during that year , tesla taught a large class of students in his old school , higher real gymnasium , in gospić .
geographically , california 's north-south midway point lies at exactly 37° 9 ' 58.23 " latitude , around 11 miles ( 18 km ) south of san jose ; however , this does not coincide with popular use of the term .
like sponges and cnidarians , ctenophores have two main layers of cells that sandwich a middle layer of jelly-like material , which is called the mesoglea in cnidarians and ctenophores ; more complex animals have three main cell layers and no intermediate jelly-like layer .
a consistent electroweak theory has also been developed , which shows that electromagnetic forces and the weak force are indistinguishable at a temperatures in excess of approximately 1015 kelvins .
many of these designations are recent—upon completion of the western bypass , and its designation as the new line of the a1 , the roads between this and the a1 's former alignment through the tyne tunnel were renumbered , with many city centre roads changing from a 6-prefix to their present 1-prefix numbers .
this unusual protection of private schools was implemented to protect these schools from a second gleichschaltung or similar event in the future .
the city straddles the vistula river .
ranked positions in the pre-heian imperial court were established ; and this organizational structure remained largely intact until the meiji restoration ( 1868 ) .
the second was the late 1970s , when tom baker occasionally drew audiences of over 12 million .
the current subject committees in the fourth session are : economy , energy and tourism ; education and culture ; health and sport ; justice ; local government and regeneration ; rural affairs , climate change and environment ; welfare reform ; and infrastructure and capital investment .
many faults are able to produce a magnitude 6.7+ earthquake , such as the san andreas fault , which can produce a magnitude 8.0 event .
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche .
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire .
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species .
of the nine members of the european economic community ( eec ) , the netherlands faced a complete embargo , the uk and france received almost uninterrupted supplies ( having refused to allow america to use their airfields and embargoed arms and supplies to both the arabs and the israelis ) , while the other six faced partial cutbacks .
it is important to note , however , that the british study referenced above is the only one of its kind and consisted of " a random ... probability sample of 2,869 young people between the ages of 18 and 24 in a computer-assisted study " and that the questions referred to " sexual abuse with a professional , " not necessarily a teacher .
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s .
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants .
as an example , income inequality did fall in the united states during its high school movement from 1910 to 1940 and thereafter .
a second period of international expansion is linked to that of the espn network in the 1990s , and policies enacted in the 2000s by disney media networks ( which included the expansion of several of the company 's u.s.-based cable networks including disney channel and its spinoffs toon disney , playhouse disney and jetix ; although disney also sold its 33 % stake in european sports channel eurosport for $ 155 million in june 2000 ) .
they were licensed by st. george 's church in 1784. three years later , protesting racial segregation in the worship services , allen led most of the black members out of st. george 's ; eventually they founded the mother bethel a.m.e. church and the african methodist episcopal denomination .
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma .
the most authoritative account at the time came from the medical faculty in paris in a report to the king of france that blamed the heavens , in the form of a conjunction of three planets in 1345 that caused a " great pestilence in the air " .
where the laws of member states provide for lesser rights european union law can be enforced by the courts of member states .
within two months of the launch , bskyb gained 400,000 new subscribers , with the majority taking at least one premium channel as well , which helped bskyb reach 3.5 million households by mid-1994 .
from the same period there is a rug designed by serge chermayeff .
the medieval esteve pharmacy , located in llívia , a catalan enclave close to puigcerdà , also now a museum , dates back to the 15th century , keeping albarellos from the 16th and 17th centuries , old prescription books and antique drugs .
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert .
deforestation is the conversion of forested areas to non-forested areas .
by the late 19th century scientists realized that air could be liquefied , and its components isolated , by compressing and cooling it .
in 1516 , johann tetzel , a dominican friar and papal commissioner for indulgences , was sent to germany by the roman catholic church to sell indulgences to raise money to rebuild st. peter 's basilica in rome .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
there were 80,000 white settlers living in kenya in the 1950s .
normandy was the site of several important developments in the history of classical music in the 11th century .
polonia was relegated from the country 's top flight in 2013 because of their disastrous financial situation .
between may and september 2005 , rumors circulated that disney–abc was considering a sale of abc radio , with clear channel communications and westwood one ( which had earlier purchased nbc 's radio division , as well as the distribution rights to cbs 's , and the mutual broadcasting system during the 1990s ) as potential buyers .
[ citation needed ] the women 's team has competed at the olympics and world championships but without any notable success . cricket is another popular and the most successful team sport .
he fled north to shangdu from khanbaliq ( present-day beijing ) in 1368 after the approach of the forces of the míng dynasty ( 1368–1644 ) , founded by zhu yuanzhang in the south .
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped .
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms .
" the islamic state " , formerly known as the " islamic state of iraq and the levant " and before that as the " islamic state of iraq " , ( and called the acronym daesh by its many detractors ) , is a wahhabi/salafi jihadist extremist militant group which is led by and mainly composed of sunni arabs from iraq and syria .
the colorado experiments had prepared tesla for the establishment of the trans-atlantic wireless telecommunications facility known as wardenclyffe near shoreham , long island .
for instance , if a problem x can be solved using an algorithm for y , x is no more difficult than y , and we say that x reduces to y. there are many different types of reductions , based on the method of reduction , such as cook reductions , karp reductions and levin reductions , and the bound on the complexity of reductions , such as polynomial-time reductions or log-space reductions .
in hinduism the spiritual teacher is known as a guru , and , in many traditions of hinduism - especially those common in the west - the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high , with gurus often exercising a great deal of control over the lives of their disciples .
royal assent : after the bill has been passed , the presiding officer submits it to the monarch for royal assent and it becomes an act of the scottish parliament .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
pharmacists may also be small-business proprietors , owning the pharmacy in which they practice .
most of these districts are located in northern san diego and some within north county regions .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
previously , geologists could only use fossils and stratigraphic correlation to date sections of rock relative to one another .
his military strategies showed a deep interest in gathering good intelligence and understanding the motivations of his rivals , exemplified by his extensive spy network and yam route systems .
however , the earliest surviving records of the explicit study of prime numbers come from the ancient greeks .
the french protestant church of london was established by royal charter in 1550. it is now located at soho square .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity .
in response , teachers may concentrate their attention on motivated students , ignoring attention-seeking and disruptive students .
average temperatures exceed 32 °c ( 90 °f ) during summer and 15 °c ( 59 °f ) in winter .
existing staff will be vetted on a phased basis .
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig .
although the soviet response to such an act would likely not involve force , intelligence warned " the american occupation would need to last 10 years as the west developed alternative energy sources , and would result in the ‘ total alienation ’ of the arabs and much of the rest of the third world . "
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
daytime programming is also provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays ( with a one-hour break at 12:00 p.m. eastern/pacific for stations to air newscasts , other locally produced programming such as talk shows , or syndicated programs ) featuring the talk/lifestyle shows the view and the chew and the soap opera general hospital .
the connection between electricity and magnetism allows for the description of a unified electromagnetic force that acts on a charge .
in contrast , during wake periods differentiated effector cells , such as cytotoxic natural killer cells and ctls ( cytotoxic t lymphocytes ) , peak in order to elicit an effective response against any intruding pathogens .
these scholars believed that northern europe and the mid-atlantic temperate climate produced a hard-working , moral , and upstanding human being .
the first huguenot to arrive at the cape of good hope was however maria de la queillerie , wife of commander jan van riebeeck ( and daughter of a walloon church minister ) , who arrived on 6 april 1652 to establish a settlement at what is today cape town .
this category includes university-preparatory schools or " prep schools " , boarding schools and day schools .
the only full-size models that did not recover were lower price models such as the chevrolet bel air , and ford galaxie 500. slightly smaller , mid-size models such as the oldsmobile cutlass , chevrolet monte carlo , ford thunderbird and various other models sold well .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
the final years of the yuan dynasty were marked by struggle , famine , and bitterness among the populace .
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary .
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region .
the chinese medical tradition of the yuan had " four great schools " that the yuan inherited from the jin dynasty .
in the presidential elections , president kibaki under the party of national unity ran for re-election against the main opposition party , the orange democratic movement ( odm ) .
in 1830 , the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church over the issue of laity having a voice and vote in the administration of the church , insisting that clergy should not be the only ones to have any determination in how the church was to be operated .
mongolians maintain that the historical records written by non-mongolians are unfairly biased against genghis khan and that his butchery is exaggerated , while his positive role is underrated .
the outer surface bears usually eight comb rows , called swimming-plates , which are used for swimming .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
the most ambitious plan called for using an empty s-ivb as an interplanetary spacecraft for a venus fly-by mission .
in some plants such as cacti , chloroplasts are found in the stems , though in most plants , chloroplasts are concentrated in the leaves .
writers whose papers are in the library are as diverse as charles dickens and beatrix potter .
the daily mail newspaper reported in 2012 that the uk government 's benefits agency was checking claimants ' " sky tv bills to establish if a woman in receipt of benefits as a single mother is wrongly claiming to be living alone " – as , it claimed , subscription to sports channels would betray a man 's presence in the household .
leonard hubert hoffmann writes , " in deciding whether or not to impose punishment , the most important consideration would be whether it would do more harm than good .
rhodoplasts have chlorophyll a and phycobilins for photosynthetic pigments ; the phycobilin phycoerytherin is responsible for giving many red algae their distinctive red color .
upon their arrival in new amsterdam , huguenots were offered land directly across from manhattan on long island for a permanent settlement and chose the harbor at the end of newtown creek , becoming the first europeans to live in brooklyn , then known as boschwick , in the neighborhood now known as bushwick .
in july 2013 , the english high court of justice found that microsoft ’ s use of the term " skydrive " infringed on sky ’ s right to the " sky " trademark .
after petitioning the british crown in 1697 for the right to own land in the baronies , they prospered as slave owners on the cooper , ashepoo , ashley and santee river plantations they purchased from the british landgrave edmund bellinger .
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku .
kublai expanded the grand canal from southern china to daidu in the north .
all of the archival material at the national art library is using encoded archival description ( ead ) .
when guglielmo marconi made his famous first-ever transatlantic radio transmission in 1901 , tesla quipped that it was done with 17 tesla patents , though there is little to support this claim .
cbs analyst and retired referee mike carey stated he disagreed with the call and felt the review clearly showed the pass was complete .
instead , he took the conquered tribe under his protection and integrated its members into his own tribe .
this was based on a congressional budget office report , a budgetary analysis of nasa 's new vision for space , september 2004. the space review estimated in 2010 the cost of apollo from 1959 to 1973 as $ 20.4 billion , or $ 109 billion in 2010 dollars .
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . "
various mongol tribes were shamanist , buddhist or christian .
in this way , they might be considered coercive .
for example , isaac newton unified the force responsible for objects falling at the surface of the earth with the force responsible for the orbits of celestial mechanics in his universal theory of gravitation .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
the role of teacher is often formal and ongoing , carried out at a school or other place of formal education .
his biblical ideal of congregations ' choosing their own ministers had proved unworkable .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
in 1755 , six colonial governors in north america met with general edward braddock , the newly arrived british army commander , and planned a four-way attack on the french .
on july 23 , 1963 , webb announced mueller 's appointment as deputy associate administrator for manned space flight , to replace then associate administrator d. brainerd holmes on his retirement effective september 1. under webb 's reorganization , the directors of the manned spacecraft center ( gilruth ) marshall space flight center ( von braun ) and the launch operations center ( debus ) effectively reported to mueller .
the medium of education is english , but as a compulsory subject , nepali and/or the state 's official language is also taught .
" :64 instead , edison offered a us $ 10 a week raise over tesla 's us $ 18 per week salary ; tesla refused the offer and immediately resigned .
meanwhile , denver 's offense was kept out of the end zone for three plays , but a holding penalty on cornerback josh norman gave the broncos a new set of downs .
after strengthening his government in northern china , kublai pursued an expansionist policy in line with the tradition of mongol and chinese imperialism .
in 2012 the economist intelligence unit ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world .
by 1529 , in on war against the turk , he was actively urging emperor charles v and the german people to fight a secular war against the turks .
the color was unofficially adopted ( in preference to magenta ) by an 1875 vote of the student body , although the association with some form of red can be traced back to 1858 , when charles william eliot , a young graduate student who would later become harvard 's 21st and longest-serving president ( 1869–1909 ) , bought red bandanas for his crew so they could more easily be distinguished by spectators at a regatta .
the rhine-meuse delta is a tidal delta , shaped not only by the sedimentation of the rivers , but also by tidal currents .
in 1965 , at the instigation of warner sinback , a data network based on this voice-phone network was designed to connect ge 's four computer sales and service centers ( schenectady , phoenix , chicago , and phoenix ) to facilitate a computer time-sharing service , apparently the world 's first commercial online service .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
customers that do not subscribe to bskyb 's channels can still pay a monthly fee to enable sky+ functions .
for many native populations , the elimination of french power in north america meant the disappearance of a strong ally and counterweight to british expansion , leading to their ultimate dispossession .
in 2009 , nasa 's robotic lunar reconnaissance orbiter , while orbiting 50 kilometers ( 31 mi ) above the moon , began photographing the remnants of the apollo program left on the lunar surface , and photographed each site where manned apollo flights landed .
the bbc believed that many viewers had missed this introduction to a new series due to the coverage of the assassination , as well as a series of power blackouts across the country , and they broadcast it again on 30 november 1963 , just before episode two .
they also plot and combine measurements of geological structures in order to better understand the orientations of faults and folds in order to reconstruct the history of rock deformation in the area .
the weight of boilers and condensers generally makes the power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant lower than for internal combustion engines .
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no .
europe 's expansion into territorial imperialism was largely focused on economic growth by collecting resources from colonies , in combination with assuming political control by military and political means .
there are direct contractual links between the architect 's client and the main contractor .
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation .
the 73 scottish parliament constituencies shared the same boundaries as the uk parliament constituencies in scotland , prior to the 2005 reduction in the number of scottish mps , with the exception of orkney and shetland which each return their own constituency msp .
however he can not do so until a 4-week period has elapsed , during which the law officers of the scottish government or uk government can refer the bill to the supreme court of the united kingdom for a ruling on whether it is within the powers of the parliament .
the basis for the social chapter was developed in 1989 by the " social partners " representatives , namely unice , the employers ' confederation , the european trade union confederation ( etuc ) and ceep , the european centre of public enterprises .
the establishment of the german colonial empire proceeded smoothly , starting with german new guinea in 1884 .
new athletes gained attention , such as pamela jelimo , the women 's 800m gold medalist who went ahead to win the iaaf golden league jackpot , and samuel wanjiru who won the men 's marathon .
despite an almost 500 % increase in advertising revenues between 1953 and 1958 , the network only had a national reach of between 10 % and 18 % of the total u.s. population , as it still had relatively fewer affiliates than nbc and cbs .
this was followed by five launches of boilerplate csms ( designated as-101 through as-105 ) into orbit in 1964 and 1965. the last three of these further supported the apollo program by also carrying pegasus satellites , which verified the safety of the translunar environment by measuring the frequency and severity of micrometeorite impacts .
overall , between 1992 and 2008 the percent of pupils in such schools in germany increased from 6.1 % to 7.8 % ( including rise from 0.5 % to 6.1 % in the former gdr ) .
rates of sea-level rise had dropped so far , that natural sedimentation by the rhine and coastal processes together , could compensate the transgression by the sea ; in the last 7000 years , the coast line was roughly at the same location .
hearst television also reached a deal to offer streams of its abc affiliates ( including stations in boston , kansas city , milwaukee and west palm beach ) on the service .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
in case of a shared physical medium ( such as radio or 10base5 ) , the packets may be delivered according to a multiple access scheme .
many of tesla 's writings are freely available on the web , including the article " the problem of increasing human energy , " published in the century magazine in 1900 , and the article " experiments with alternate currents of high potential and high frequency , " published in his book inventions , researches and writings of nikola tesla .
doctor who follows the adventures of the primary character , a rogue time lord from the planet gallifrey , who simply goes by the name " the doctor " .
the best-known legend , by artur oppman , is that long ago two of triton 's daughters set out on a journey through the depths of the oceans and seas .
there have been over fifty studies showing tendencies for violence to be more common in societies where income differences are larger .
the highest temperature recorded was 104 °f ( 40 °c ) on july 11 , 1879 and july 28 , 1872. it is common for thunderstorms to erupt during a typical summer afternoon .
warsaw 's name in the polish language is warszawa , approximately /vɑːrˈʃɑːvə/ ( also formerly spelled warszewa and warszowa ) , meaning " belonging to warsz " , warsz being a shortened form of the masculine name of slavic origin warcisław ; see also etymology of wrocław .
shirley 's efforts to fortify oswego were bogged down in logistical difficulties , exacerbated by shirley 's inexperience in managing large expeditions .
the daleks are kaleds from the planet skaro , mutated by the scientist davros and housed in mechanical armour shells for mobility .
exposure to a o 2 partial pressures greater than 160 kpa ( about 1.6 atm ) may lead to convulsions ( normally fatal for divers ) .
in the united kingdom , bbc radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will carry the contest .
central business districts ( cbd ) include downtown los angeles , downtown san diego , downtown san bernardino , downtown bakersfield , south coast metro and downtown riverside .
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states .
ergänzungsschulen are secondary or post-secondary ( non-tertiary ) schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or rarely , religious groups and offer a type of education which is not available at public schools .
in early 1954 , genghis khan 's bier and relics were returned to the lord 's enclosure in mongolia .
in the wake of the iranian revolution the saudis were forced to deal with the prospect of internal destabilization via the radicalism of islamism , a reality which would quickly be revealed in the seizure of the grand mosque in mecca by wahhabi extremists during november 1979 and a shiite revolt in the oil rich al-hasa region of saudi arabia in december of the same year .
the program was named after the greek god of light , music , and the sun by nasa manager abe silverstein , who later said that " i was naming the spacecraft like i 'd name my baby . "
