in simple terms , physical barriers prevent pathogens such as bacteria and viruses from entering the organism .
luther came to reject several teachings and practices of the late medieval catholic church .
throughout the middle ages , newcastle was england 's northern fortress .
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch .
the result is unstable six-carbon molecules that immediately break down into three-carbon molecules called 3-phosphoglyceric acid , or 3-pga .
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015. the previous chairs were rajendra k. pachauri , elected in may 2002 ; robert watson in 1997 ; and bert bolin in 1988. the chair is assisted by an elected bureau including vice-chairs , working group co-chairs , and a secretariat .
an early important political response to the opening of hostilities was the convening of the albany congress in june and july , 1754. the goal of the congress was to formalize a unified front in trade and negotiations with various indians , since allegiance of the various tribes and nations was seen to be pivotal in the success in the war that was unfolding .
mcletchie was elected on the lothian regional list and the conservatives suffered a net loss of five seats , with leader annabel goldie claiming that their support had held firm .
when some species , including bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera , are disturbed , they produce secretions ( ink ) that luminesce at much the same wavelengths as their bodies .
in the 1330s a large number of natural disasters and plagues led to widespread famine , starting in 1331 , with a deadly plague arriving soon after .
the area of the modern city of jacksonville has been inhabited for thousands of years .
in macroscopic closed systems , nonconservative forces act to change the internal energies of the system , and are often associated with the transfer of heat .
similarly , algorithms can solve the np-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes in less than quadratic time and sat solvers routinely handle large instances of the np-complete boolean satisfiability problem .
after liberation , rebuilding began as in other cities of the communist-ruled prl .
warsaw provides many examples of architecture from the gothic , renaissance , baroque and neoclassical periods , and around a quarter of the city is filled with luxurious parks and royal gardens .
not that i am insensible to my flesh or sex ( for i am neither wood nor stone ) ; but my mind is averse to wedlock because i daily expect the death of a heretic . "
in his lab he also conducted a range of experiments with mechanical oscillators/generators , electrical discharge tubes , and early x-ray imaging .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
running back c. j. anderson was the team 's leading rusher 863 yards and seven touchdowns , while also catching 25 passes for 183 yards .
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion .
the combined effect of these events led to prime minister wilson committing his government to some form of devolved legislature in 1974. however , it was not until 1978 that final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly were passed by the united kingdom parliament .
the revocation forbade protestant services , required education of children as catholics , and prohibited emigration .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species .
apollo was grounded again , for the remainder of 1970 while the oxygen tank was redesigned and an extra one was added .
the v & a is located in the brompton district of the royal borough of kensington and chelsea , in an area that has become known as " albertopolis " because of its association with prince albert , the albert memorial and the major cultural institutions with which he was associated .
the flow reappears on the surface at the northern ( german ) shore of the lake , off the island of lindau .
one year later , a war erupted in the philippines causing business , labor and government leaders in the us to condemn america 's occupation in the philippines as they also denounced them for causing the deaths of many filipinos .
it discriminated against parallel importers like mr dassonville , who could not get certificates from authorities in france , where they bought the scotch .
these jurisdictions also usually specify that only pharmacists may supply scheduled pharmaceuticals to the public , and that pharmacists can not form business partnerships with physicians or give them " kickback " payments .
who did not consider the yuan dynasty as a legitimate dynasty of china , but rather as a period of foreign domination .
subsequently , californios ( dissatisfied with inequitable taxes and land laws ) and pro-slavery southerners in the lightly populated " cow counties " of southern california attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve a separate statehood or territorial status separate from northern california .
eicosanoids include prostaglandins that produce fever and the dilation of blood vessels associated with inflammation , and leukotrienes that attract certain white blood cells ( leukocytes ) .
more than 50 % of this area is sown for wheat , 33 % for barley and 7 % for oats .
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific .
roman catholic theology stated that faith alone , whether fiduciary or dogmatic , can not justify man ; justification rather depends only on such faith as is active in charity and good works ( fides caritate formata ) .
for example , integers can be represented in binary notation , and graphs can be encoded directly via their adjacency matrices , or by encoding their adjacency lists in binary .
all clergy appointments are made and fixed annually by the resident bishop on the advice of the annual conference cabinet , which is composed of the area provost/dean ( if one is appointed ) and the several district superintendents of the districts of the annual conference .
it is from here that the corporation broadcasts the look north television regional news programme and local radio station bbc radio newcastle .
numerous non-fiction books about the series , including guidebooks and critical studies , have also been published , and a dedicated doctor who magazine with newsstand circulation has been published regularly since 1979. this is published by panini , as is the doctor who adventures magazine for younger fans .
late outbreaks in central europe included the italian plague of 1629–1631 , which is associated with troop movements during the thirty years ' war , and the great plague of vienna in 1679. over 60 % of norway 's population died in 1348–50 .
parachutes were carried to slow its descent to splashdown .
john wesley warned against the dangers of drinking in his famous sermon , " the use of money , " and in his letter to an alcoholic .
the flushing action of tears and urine also mechanically expels pathogens , while mucus secreted by the respiratory and gastrointestinal tract serves to trap and entangle microorganisms .
a dry type cooling tower is similar to an automobile radiator and is used in locations where water is costly .
luther was a prolific hymn-writer , authoring hymns such as " ein feste burg ist unser gott " ( " a mighty fortress is our god " ) , based on psalm 46 , and " vom himmel hoch , da komm ich her " ( " from heaven above to earth i come " ) , based on luke 2:11–12 .
in 1784 , after unsuccessful attempts to have the church of england send a bishop to start a new church in the colonies , wesley decisively appointed fellow priest thomas coke as superintendent ( bishop ) to organize a separate methodist society .
[ vague ] all eu member states are regarded as subject to the general obligation of the principle of cooperation , as stated in the teu , whereby member states are obliged not to take measure which could jeopardise the attainment of the teu objectives . the court of justice of the european union can interpret the treaties , but it can not rule on their validity , which is subject to international law .
as opposed to broadcasts of primetime series , cbs broadcast special episodes of its late night talk shows as its lead-out programs for super bowl 50 , beginning with a special episode of the late show with stephen colbert following the game .
in case of european union law which should have been transposed into the laws of member states , such as directives , the european commission can take proceedings against the member state under the treaty on the functioning of the european union .
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class .
in the north eastern part of fresno , woodward park was founded by the late ralph woodward , a long-time fresno resident .
they suggested that stromatoveris was an evolutionary " aunt " of ctenophores , and that ctenophores originated from sessile animals whose descendants became swimmers and changed the cilia from a feeding mechanism to a propulsion system .
the governments of the united states , britain , germany and france also collectively issued a press statement cautioning about the law 's potential impact .
if a plant is injured , or something else causes a plant cell to revert to a meristematic state , chloroplasts and other plastids can turn back into proplastids .
a better explainer of growing inequality , according to stiglitz , is the use of political power generated by wealth by certain groups to shape government policies financially beneficial to them .
for csa metropolitan purposes , the five counties of los angeles , orange , riverside , san bernardino , and ventura are all combined to make up the greater los angeles area with over 17.5 million people .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
positive reinforcement is balanced with immediate and fair punishment for misbehavior and firm , clear boundaries define what is appropriate and inappropriate behavior .
the first manned flight of apollo was in 1968 .
with a budget of $ 230,000 , the surviving original lunar broadcast data from apollo 11 was compiled by nafzger and assigned to lowry digital for restoration .
still , abc 's limited reach would continue to hobble it for the next two decades ; several smaller markets would not grow large enough to support a full-time abc affiliate until the 1960s , with some very small markets having to wait as late as the 1980s or even the advent of digital television in the 2000s , which allowed stations like wtrf-tv in wheeling , west virginia to begin airing abc programming on a digital subchannel after airing the network 's programs outside of recommended timeslots decades before .
yet if tetzel overstated the matter in regard to indulgences for the dead , his teaching on indulgences for the living was in line with catholic dogma of the time .
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek .
policies aiming at controlling unemployment and in particular at reducing its inequality-associated effects support economic growth .
the actual number of legions present at any base or in all , depended on whether a state or threat of war existed .
another example was the insignificance of the ministry of war compared with native chinese dynasties , as the real military authority in yuan times resided in the privy council .
throughout the centuries , the kenyan coast has played host to many merchants and explorers .
despite the high position given to muslims , some policies of the yuan emperors severely discriminated against them , restricting halal slaughter and other islamic practices like circumcision , as well as kosher butchering for jews , forcing them to eat food the mongol way .
he left law school , sold his books , and entered a closed augustinian cloister in erfurt on 17 july 1505. one friend blamed the decision on luther 's sadness over the deaths of two friends .
" nun komm , der heiden heiland " ( now come , savior of the gentiles ) , based on veni redemptor gentium , became the main hymn ( hauptlied ) for advent .
the pharmacist must also monitor for potential drug interactions , adverse drug reactions , and assess patient drug allergies while designing and initiating a drug therapy plan .
currently detention is one of the most common punishments in schools in the united states , the uk , ireland , singapore and other countries .
both before and after the 1708 passage of the foreign protestants naturalization act , an estimated 50,000 protestant walloons and huguenots fled to england , with many moving on to ireland and elsewhere .
this decrease in wages caused a period of compression and decreased inequality between skilled and unskilled workers .
first , in choosing violence over lawful submission to the secular government , they were ignoring christ 's counsel to " render unto caesar the things that are caesar 's " ; st. paul had written in his epistle to the romans 13:1–7 that all authorities are appointed by god and therefore should not be resisted .
jacksonville is the principal city in the jacksonville metropolitan area , with a population of 1,345,596 in 2010 .
in connectionless mode each packet includes complete addressing information .
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " .
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) .
in this dioxygen , the two oxygen atoms are chemically bonded to each other .
starting in 1934 , the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company began paying tesla $ 125 per month as well as paying his rent at the hotel new yorker , expenses the company would pay for the rest of tesla 's life .
the normans had a profound effect on irish culture and history after their invasion at bannow bay in 1169. initially the normans maintained a distinct culture and ethnicity .
the official designation for pharmacists who pass the ambulatory care pharmacy specialty certification exam will be board certified ambulatory care pharmacist and these pharmacists will carry the initials bcacp .
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing .
organizational interventions , like changing teachers ' schedules , providing support networks and mentoring , changing the work environment , and offering promotions and bonuses , may be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers .
since pharmacists know about the mode of action of a particular drug , and its metabolism and physiological effects on the human body in great detail , they play an important role in optimisation of a drug treatment for an individual .
the hoppings funfair , said to be the largest travelling funfair in europe , is held here annually in june .
in the brain of morbius ( 1976 ) , it was hinted that the first doctor may not have been the first incarnation ( although the other faces depicted may have been incarnations of the time lord morbius ) .
some plants seem to have kept the genes for the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer , though they 've been repurposed for use in chloroplast division instead .
15,000 images were taken during the first year of the factory project , including drawings , watercolors , computer-generated art , photographs , posters , and woodcuts .
the basic unit of territorial division in poland is a commune ( gmina ) .
even if a chloroplast is eventually lost , the genes it donated to the former host 's nucleus persist , providing evidence for the lost chloroplast 's existence .
the mayor of warsaw is called president .
british imperialism often used the concept of terra nullius ( latin expression which stems from roman law meaning 'empty land ' ) .
john wesley originally called this experience the new birth .
as of 2005 , there were about 667,000 firms employing 1 million contractors ( 200,000 general contractors , 38,000 heavy , and 432,000 specialty ) ; the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees .
the major problem is the difficulty of sealing the rotors to make them steam-tight in the face of wear and thermal expansion ; the resulting leakage made them very inefficient .
finally it spread to northwestern russia in 1351. the plague was somewhat less common in parts of europe that had smaller trade relations with their neighbours , including the kingdom of poland , the majority of the basque country , isolated parts of belgium and the netherlands , and isolated alpine villages throughout the continent .
in one of the richest agricultural regions in the u.s. , cattle and citrus were major industries until farmlands were turned into suburbs .
the duchy of normandy , which they formed by treaty with the french crown , was a great fief of medieval france , and under richard i of normandy was forged into a cohesive and formidable principality in feudal tenure .
they differ from glaucophyte and red algal chloroplasts in that they have lost their phycobilisomes , and contain chlorophyll b instead .
in addition , analysis of the medieval warm period cited reconstructions by crowley & lowery 2000 ( as cited in the tar ) and osborn & briffa 2006. ten of these 14 reconstructions covered 1,000 years or longer .
warsaw is located on two main geomorphologic formations : the plain moraine plateau and the vistula valley with its asymmetrical pattern of different terraces .
public school teachers are required to have a bachelor 's degree and the majority must be certified by the state in which they teach .
luther 's pamphlets against the church and the hierarchy , often worded with " liberal " phraseology , now led many peasants to believe he would support an attack on the upper classes in general .
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms .
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half .
indeed , for vice president agnew it has become a code-word describing the activities of muggers , arsonists , draft evaders , campaign hecklers , campus militants , anti-war demonstrators , juvenile delinquents and political assassins . "
in europe there are old pharmacies still operating in dubrovnik , croatia , located inside the franciscan monastery , opened in 1317 ; and in the town hall square of tallinn , estonia , dating from at least 1422. the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
there , he explored the mountains in hunter 's garb .
starting with the 2009 special " planet of the dead " , the series was filmed in 1080i for hdtv , and broadcast simultaneously on bbc one and bbc hd .
teachers face several occupational hazards in their line of work , including occupational stress , which can negatively impact teachers ' mental and physical health , productivity , and students ' performance .
the lobata have a pair of lobes , which are muscular , cuplike extensions of the body that project beyond the mouth .
the importance of soft power is not lost on authoritarian regimes , fighting such influence with bans on foreign popular culture , control of the internet and unauthorised satellite dishes etc .
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) .
on tesla 's 75th birthday in 1931 , time magazine put him on its cover .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
the dominant explanation for the black death is the plague theory , which attributes the outbreak to yersinia pestis , also responsible for an epidemic that began in southern china in 1865 , eventually spreading to india .
by 1971 , the decision was made to also cancel missions 18 and 19. the two unused saturn vs became museum exhibits at the john f. kennedy space center on merritt island , florida , george c. marshall space center in huntsville , alabama , michoud assembly facility in new orleans , louisiana , and lyndon b. johnson space center in houston , texas .
although the traditional chinese elite were not given their share of power , the mongols and the semuren ( various allied groups from central asia and the western end of the empire ) largely remained strangers to the mainstream chinese culture , and this dichotomy gave the yuan regime a somewhat strong " colonial " coloration .
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library .
an individual may not sit in the scottish parliament if he or she is judged to be insane under the terms of the mental health ( care and treatment ) ( scotland ) act 2003 .
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury .
agreement was achieved on fourteen points out of fifteen , the exception being the nature of the eucharist – the sacrament of the lord 's supper—an issue crucial to luther .
contrasting from britain , france sent small numbers of settlers to its colonies , with the only notable exception of algeria , where french settlers nevertheless always remained a small minority .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
the mechanism for chloroplast dna ( cpdna ) replication has not been conclusively determined , but two main models have been proposed .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
on may 28 , 2012 , jacksonville was hit by tropical storm beryl , packing winds up to 70 miles per hour ( 113 km/h ) which made landfall near jacksonville beach .
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river .
by 1985 , the average american vehicle moved 17.4 miles per gallon , compared to 13.5 in 1970. the improvements stayed even though the price of a barrel of oil remained constant at $ 12 from 1974 to 1979. sales of large sedans for most makes ( except chrysler products ) recovered within two model years of the 1973 crisis .
the southern part was different .
eight original series serials have been released on laserdisc and many have also been released on betamax tape and video 2000. one episode of doctor who ( the infinite quest ) was released on vcd .
all of the network 's programming has been presented in hd since january 2012 ( with the exception of certain holiday specials produced prior to 2005 – such as the peanuts specials and rudolph 's shiny new year – which continue to be presented in 4:3 sd ) , when extreme makeover : home edition ended its run as a regular series and one life to live ( which had been presented in 16:9 standard definition since 2010 ) also ended its abc run .
at the start of the war , the french north american colonies had a population of roughly 60,000 european settlers , compared with 2 million in the british north american colonies .
plague was reportedly first introduced to europe via genoese traders at the port city of kaffa in the crimea in 1347. after a protracted siege , during which the mongol army under jani beg was suffering from the disease , the army catapulted the infected corpses over the city walls of kaffa to infect the inhabitants .
although kenya is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region , manufacturing still accounts for only 14 % of the gdp .
virtually all nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator .
pharmacists may also be small-business proprietors , owning the pharmacy in which they practice .
the river tyne had the temporary bambuco bridge in 2008 for ten days ; it was not made for walking , road or cycling , but was just a sculpture .
in marine service , ( pioneered on the turbinia ) , steam turbines with reduction gearing ( although the turbinia has direct turbines to propellers with no reduction gearbox ) dominated large ship propulsion throughout the late 20th century , being more efficient ( and requiring far less maintenance ) than reciprocating steam engines .
the neighborhood includes kearney boulevard , named after early 20th century entrepreneur and millionaire m. theo kearney , which extends from fresno street in southwest fresno about 20 mi ( 32 km ) west to kerman , california .
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm .
newcastle college is the largest general further education college in the north east and is a beacon status college ; there are two smaller colleges in the newcastle area .
the main difference is that heat addition ( in the boiler ) and rejection ( in the condenser ) are isobaric ( constant pressure ) processes in the rankine cycle and isothermal ( constant temperature ) processes in the theoretical carnot cycle .
the university also annually holds a summer carnival and concert called summer breeze that hosts outside musicians , and is home to doc films , a student film society founded in 1932 that screens films nightly at the university .
reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation .
the graph isomorphism problem , the discrete logarithm problem and the integer factorization problem are examples of problems believed to be np-intermediate .
anticipating that currency values would fluctuate unpredictably for a time , the industrialized nations increased their reserves ( by expanding their money supplies ) in amounts far greater than before .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls .
the problems with north american were severe enough in late 1965 to cause manned space flight administrator george mueller to appoint program director samuel phillips to head a " tiger team " to investigate north american 's problems and identify corrections .
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) .
the role of committees is stronger in the scottish parliament than in other parliamentary systems , partly as a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the government and partly to compensate for the fact that there is no revising chamber .
warsaw 's mixture of architectural styles reflects the turbulent history of the city and country .
in 1018 , roger de tosny travelled to the iberian peninsula to carve out a state for himself from moorish lands , but failed .
glaucophyte chloroplasts also contain concentric unstacked thylakoids , which surround a carboxysome - an icosahedral structure that glaucophyte chloroplasts and cyanobacteria keep their carbon fixation enzyme rubisco in .
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
throughout the history of education the most common form of school discipline was corporal punishment .
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida .
in the years after these rumors , neither tesla nor edison won the prize ( although edison did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1915 and tesla did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1937 ) .
seismologists can use the arrival times of seismic waves in reverse to image the interior of the earth .
rates of sea-level rise had dropped so far , that natural sedimentation by the rhine and coastal processes together , could compensate the transgression by the sea ; in the last 7000 years , the coast line was roughly at the same location .
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces .
official photographs and television interviews were held in the courtyard adjoining the assembly hall , which is part of the school of divinity of the university of edinburgh .
most are concentrated in alsace in northeast france and the cévennes mountain region in the south , who still regard themselves as huguenots to this day .
another important monument , the statue of little insurgent located at the ramparts of the old town , commemorates the children who served as messengers and frontline troops in the warsaw uprising , while the impressive warsaw uprising monument by wincenty kućma was erected in memory of the largest insurrection of world war ii .
it is said that they landed on the coastline peninsula of davenports neck called " bauffet 's point " after traveling from england where they had previously taken refuge on account of religious persecution , four years before the revocation of the edict of nantes .
council members are elected directly every four years .
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic .
a new jewellery gallery , funded by william and judith bollinger , opened on 24 may 2008 .
the complexity class np , on the other hand , contains many problems that people would like to solve efficiently , but for which no efficient algorithm is known , such as the boolean satisfiability problem , the hamiltonian path problem and the vertex cover problem .
creating an index of " health and social problems " from nine factors , authors richard wilkinson and kate pickett found health and social problems " more common in countries with bigger income inequalities " , and more common among states in the us with larger income inequalities .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
it was worth $ 32 billion in 2011 , up from $ 28 billion in september 2010 and $ 26 billion in 2009. it suffered about 30 % loss in 2008-09. in december 2008 , harvard announced that its endowment had lost 22 % ( approximately $ 8 billion ) from july to october 2008 , necessitating budget cuts .
some huguenots fought in the low countries alongside the dutch against spain during the first years of the dutch revolt ( 1568–1609 ) .
the city 's speedway team newcastle diamonds are based at brough park in byker , a venue that is also home to greyhound racing .
doctor who has been satirised and spoofed on many occasions by comedians including spike milligan ( a dalek invades his bathroom — milligan , naked , hurls a soap sponge at it ) and lenny henry .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) .
faith , for luther , was a gift from god ; the experience of being justified by faith was " as though i had been born again . "
western musical instruments were introduced to enrich chinese performing arts .
the young are generally planktonic and in most species look like miniature cydippids , gradually changing into their adult shapes as they grow .
after the german invasion of poland on 1 september 1939 began the second world war , warsaw was defended till september 27. central poland , including warsaw , came under the rule of the general government , a german nazi colonial administration .
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
the 2005 series reveals that the ninth doctor thought he was the last surviving time lord , and that his home planet had been destroyed ; in " the empty child " ( 2005 ) , dr. constantine states that , " before the war even began , i was a father and a grandfather .
the scots king william the lion was imprisoned in newcastle in 1174 , and edward i brought the stone of scone and william wallace south through the town .
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution .
according to work by barro in 1999 and 2000 , high levels of inequality reduce growth in relatively poor countries but encourage growth in richer countries .
in the early 1970s , abc completed its transition to color ; the decade as a whole would mark a turning point for abc , as it began to pass cbs and nbc in the ratings to become the first place network .
immunology covers the study of all aspects of the immune system .
harvard 's academic programs operate on a semester calendar beginning in early september and ending in mid-may .
the measurement implies that an unknown process depleted oxygen-16 from the sun 's disk of protoplanetary material prior to the coalescence of dust grains that formed the earth .
the most general outbreaks in tudor and stuart england seem to have begun in 1498 , 1535 , 1543 , 1563 , 1589 , 1603 , 1625 , and 1636 , and ended with the great plague of london in 1665 .
on july 23 , 1963 , webb announced mueller 's appointment as deputy associate administrator for manned space flight , to replace then associate administrator d. brainerd holmes on his retirement effective september 1. under webb 's reorganization , the directors of the manned spacecraft center ( gilruth ) marshall space flight center ( von braun ) and the launch operations center ( debus ) effectively reported to mueller .
[ citation needed ] teachers in state schools must have at least a bachelor 's degree , complete an approved teacher education program , and be licensed .
the working fluid in a rankine cycle can operate as a closed loop system , where the working fluid is recycled continuously , or may be an " open loop " system , where the exhaust steam is directly released to the atmosphere , and a separate source of water feeding the boiler is supplied .
in 1929 , the university 's fifth president , robert maynard hutchins , took office ; the university underwent many changes during his 24-year tenure .
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes .
the third invasion was stopped with the improbable french victory in the battle of carillon , in which 3,600 frenchmen famously and decisively defeated abercrombie 's force of 18,000 regulars , militia and native american allies outside the fort the french called carillon and the british called ticonderoga .
today , this acceleration due to gravity towards the surface of the earth is usually designated as and has a magnitude of about 9.81 meters per second squared ( this measurement is taken from sea level and may vary depending on location ) , and points toward the center of the earth .
the abc logo first appeared as a on-screen bug in the 1993–94 season , appearing initially only for 60 seconds at the beginning of an act or segment , before appearing throughout programs ( except during commercial breaks ) beginning in the 1995–96 season ; the respective iterations of the translucent logo bug were also incorporated within program promotions until the 2011–12 season .
generally , " prime " indicates minimality or indecomposability , in an appropriate sense .
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver .
in the united kingdom , bbc radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will carry the contest .
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes .
cultural imperialism is when a country 's influence is felt in social and cultural circles , i.e .
warsaw ’ s municipal government authorities have decided to rebuild the saxon palace and the brühl palace , the most distinctive buildings in prewar warsaw .
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
cbs analyst and retired referee mike carey stated he disagreed with the call and felt the review clearly showed the pass was complete .
luther connected high art and folk music , also all classes , clergy and laity , men , women and children .
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs .
as previously arranged by his father , temüjin married börte of the onggirat tribe when he was around 16 in order to cement alliances between their respective tribes .
survivors of the wrecks had been taken prisoner by the island 's despot isaac komnenos .
according to this theory , those who already hold wealth have the means to invest in new sources of creating wealth or to otherwise leverage the accumulation of wealth , thus are the beneficiaries of the new wealth .
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen .
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden .
in 1186 , temüjin was elected khan of the mongols .
his most concrete effort to patronize chinese learning was founding the academy of the pavilion of the star of literature ( chinese : 奎章閣學士院 ) , first established in the spring of 1329 and designed to undertake " a number of tasks relating to the transmission of confucian high culture to the mongolian imperial establishment " .
a vote clerk sits in front of the presiding officer and operates the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
however , decnet phase ii ( and later ) were open standards with published specifications , and several implementations were developed outside dec , including one for linux .
the v & a covers 12.5 acres ( 51,000 m2 ) and 145 galleries .
in general , there are three sectors of construction : buildings , infrastructure and industrial .
opened in 1850 by queen victoria , it was the first covered railway station in the world and was much copied across the uk .
this law also exists in austria for general physicians if the nearest pharmacy is more than 4 kilometers away , or where none is registered in the city .
combining these ideas gives a formula that relates the mass ( ) and the radius ( ) of the earth to the gravitational acceleration :
braddock ( with george washington as one of his aides ) led about 1,500 army troops and provincial militia on an expedition in june 1755 to take fort duquesne .
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102. cornerbacks aqib talib ( three interceptions ) and chris harris , jr. ( two interceptions ) were the other two pro bowl selections from the defense .
this was crushed by british troops , but the discontents prompted colonial authorities to reform the administration ( particularly reducing the hated mining licence fees ) and extend the franchise .
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls .
if angiosperm shoots are not exposed to the required light for chloroplast formation , proplastids may develop into an etioplast stage before becoming chloroplasts .
in turkey , genghis khan is looked on as a great military leader , and it is popular for male children to carry his title as name .
however , a residual of the force is observed between hadrons ( the best known example being the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei ) as the nuclear force .
in the story , the doctor ( rowan atkinson ) encounters both the master ( jonathan pryce ) and the daleks .
22 % of gdp still comes from the unreliable agricultural sector which employs 75 % of the labour force ( a consistent characteristic of under-developed economies that have not attained food security – an important catalyst of economic growth ) a small portion of the population relies on food aid .
it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968. consolidation gave jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits ; with an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014 , it is the most populous city proper in florida and the southeast , and the 12th most populous in the united states .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
john dalton 's original atomic hypothesis assumed that all elements were monatomic and that the atoms in compounds would normally have the simplest atomic ratios with respect to one another .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
he had been mentored by li meng , a confucian academic .
the statocyst is protected by a transparent dome made of long , immobile cilia .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
it precipitated civil bloodshed , ruined commerce , and resulted in the illegal flight from the country of hundreds of thousands of protestants , many of whom became intellectuals , doctors and business leaders in britain as well as holland , prussia , and south africa .
the affair caused lasting damage to luther 's reputation .
abc 's master feed is transmitted in 720p high definition , the native resolution format for the walt disney company 's u.s. television properties .
this relationship eventually produced closer ties of blood through the marriage of emma , sister of duke richard ii of normandy , and king ethelred ii of england .
several flagship series debuted on the network during this time including dynasty , an opulent drama from aaron spelling that became a hit when it premiered as a midseason series in 1981 , five months before spelling 's other abc hit charlie 's angels ended its run .
there are direct contractual links between the architect 's client and the main contractor .
in ancient greece , diocles of carystus ( 4th century bc ) was one of several men studying the medicinal properties of plants .
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century .
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900. james bryant conant led the university through the great depression and world war ii and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war .
in 1750 christopher gist , acting on behalf of both virginia and the company , explored the ohio territory and opened negotiations with the indian tribes at logstown .
this reduces exposure and protects them from photooxidative damage .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
however , this definition is disputed by thoreau 's political philosophy pitching the conscience vs. the collective .
because of this , ethelred fled to normandy in 1013 , when he was forced from his kingdom by sweyn forkbeard .
in just eight hours , it swept through 146 city blocks , destroyed over 2,000 buildings , left about 10,000 homeless and killed 7 residents .
it is surrounded by the last of the ancient churchyards to retain its original character .
detailed investigation of chum salmon , oncorhynchus keta , showed that these fish digest ctenophores 20 times as fast as an equal weight of shrimps , and that ctenophores can provide a good diet if there are enough of them around .
they eventually forced tesla out leaving him penniless .
starting in 1934 , the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company began paying tesla $ 125 per month as well as paying his rent at the hotel new yorker , expenses the company would pay for the rest of tesla 's life .
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
based on principles laid out by william smith almost a hundred years before the publication of charles darwin 's theory of evolution , the principles of succession were developed independently of evolutionary thought .
as such , the current high level of population has a large impact on this as well . if ( as wwf argued ) , population levels would start to drop to a sustainable level ( 1/3 of current levels , so about 2 billion people ) , human inequality can be addressed/corrected , while still not resulting in an increase of environmental damage .
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities .
louis xiv gained the throne in 1643 and acted increasingly aggressively to force the huguenots to convert .
free movement of goods within the european union is achieved by a customs union , and the principle of non-discrimination .
rca converted the nbc blue network into an independent subsidiary , formally divorcing the operations of nbc red and nbc blue on january 8 , 1942 , with the blue network being referred to on-air as either " blue " or " blue network " .
the service continued until the closure of bskyb 's analogue service on 27 september 2001 , due to the launch and expansion of the sky digital platform .
in some places , there are large compensation pools , for example the huge bassin de compensation de plobsheim in alsace .
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch .
during this time , the discovery of oil in the north sea and the following " it 's scotland 's oil " campaign of the scottish national party ( snp ) resulted in rising support for scottish independence , as well as the snp .
they ended up using a dc traction motor instead .
another standard tactic of the mongol military was the commonly practiced feigned retreat to break enemy formations and to lure small enemy groups away from the larger group and defended position for ambush and counterattack .
under intense light , they will seek shelter by aligning in vertical columns along the plant cell 's cell wall or turning sideways so that light strikes them edge-on .
the park has a multi-use amphitheatre that seats up to 2,500 people , authentic japanese garden , fenced dog park , two-mile ( 3 km ) equestrian trail , exercise par course , three children 's playgrounds , a lake , 3 small ponds , 7 picnic areas and five miles ( 8 km ) of multipurpose trails that are part of the san joaquin river parkway 's lewis s. eaton trail .
in on the abrogation of the private mass , he condemned as idolatry the idea that the mass is a sacrifice , asserting instead that it is a gift , to be received with thanksgiving by the whole congregation .
lagerlof and galor stated that gender inequality in education can result to low economic growth , and continued gender inequality in education , thus creating a poverty trap .
kenya has been a dominant force in women 's volleyball within africa , with both the clubs and the national team winning various continental championships in the past decade .
as the andes mountains rose , however , a large basin was created that enclosed a lake ; now known as the solimões basin .
therefore , the european court of justice can not uphold measures which are incompatible with fundamental rights recognised and protected in the constitutions of member states .
in all , 97 of 253 episodes produced during the first six years of the programme are not held in the bbc 's archives ( most notably seasons 3 , 4 , & 5 , from which 79 episodes are missing ) .
the error was discovered in 2010 , and the dutch rijkswaterstaat confirms the length at 1,232 kilometres ( 766 miles ) .
in effect , after the lisbon treaty , the charter and the convention now co-exist under european union law , though the former is enforced by the european court of justice in relation to european union measures , and the latter by the european court of human rights in relation to measures by member states .
the broncos ' defense ranked first in the nfl yards allowed ( 4,530 ) for the first time in franchise history , and fourth in points allowed ( 296 ) .
there were 149,025 housing units at an average density of 1,427.9 square miles ( 3,698 km2 ) .
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " .
the inverted repeat regions are highly conserved among land plants , and accumulate few mutations .
the city grew as an important centre for the wool trade in the 14th century , and later became a major coal mining area .
geochronologists precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section in order to provide better absolute bounds on the timing and rates of deposition .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
kenia , 1862. controversy over the actual meaning of the word kenya notwithstanding , it is clear that the mountain 's name became widely accepted , pars pro toto , as the name of the country .
in 1972 , richard karp took this idea a leap forward with his landmark paper , " reducibility among combinatorial problems " , in which he showed that 21 diverse combinatorial and graph theoretical problems , each infamous for its computational intractability , are np-complete .
planetary geologists have measured different abundances of oxygen isotopes in samples from the earth , the moon , mars , and meteorites , but were long unable to obtain reference values for the isotope ratios in the sun , believed to be the same as those of the primordial solar nebula .
in the 16th century , the beginning of the historical era , the region was inhabited by the mocama , a coastal subgroup of the timucua people .
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl .
several congregations were founded , such as those of fredericia ( denmark ) , berlin , stockholm , hamburg , frankfurt , helsinki , and emden .
in 2011 , the theme tune charted at number 228 of radio station classic fm 's hall of fame , a survey of classical music tastes .
this has meant both the european court of justice and the highest national courts have had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems .
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity .
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection .
( an earlier version of eyevision was last used in super bowl xxxv ; for super bowl 50 , the cameras were upgraded to 5k resolution . )
on 12 january , two thousand people attended a state funeral for tesla at the cathedral of saint john the divine .
john houghton , who was a co-chair of tar wgi , has responded to lindzen 's criticisms of the spm .
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal " sea gooseberry , " pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
close , sandhill and quayside contain modern buildings as well as structures dating from the 15th–18th centuries , including bessie surtees house , the cooperage and lloyds quayside bars , derwentwater house and " house of tides " , a restaurant situated at a grade i-listed 16th century merchant 's house at 28–30 close .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
2013 economics nobel prize winner robert j. shiller said that rising inequality in the united states and elsewhere is the most important problem .
this law is an extension of galileo 's insight that constant velocity was associated with a lack of net force ( see a more detailed description of this below ) .
kublai expanded the grand canal from southern china to daidu in the north .
the act delineates the legislative competence of the parliament – the areas in which it can make laws – by explicitly specifying powers that are " reserved " to the parliament of the united kingdom .
the significant element of the relief , in this part of warsaw , is the edge of moraine plateau called warsaw escarpment .
over the long-term , this trend increases the organic composition of capital , meaning that less workers are required in proportion to capital inputs , increasing unemployment ( the " reserve army of labour " ) .
with some justification , newton 's second law can be taken as a quantitative definition of mass by writing the law as an equality ; the relative units of force and mass then are fixed .
there are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end , and are spaced evenly round the body .
in july 1968 , abc radio launched a special programming project for its fm stations , which was spearheaded by allen shaw , a former program manager at wcfl in chicago who was approached by abc radio president harold l. neal to develop a format to compete with the new progressive rock and dj-helmed stations .
other 16th- and 20th-century versifications of the lord 's prayer have adopted luther 's tune , although modern texts are considerably shorter .
the scotland act 1998 , which was passed by the parliament of the united kingdom and given royal assent by queen elizabeth ii on 19 november 1998 , governs the functions and role of the scottish parliament and delimits its legislative competence .
prime numbers are also used for hash tables and pseudorandom number generators .
at the time the only concern was that member states should be prevented from violating human rights , hence the establishment of the european convention on human rights in 1950 and the establishment of the european court of human rights .
at the time of their marriage , katharina was 26 years old and luther was 41 years old .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
yet if tetzel overstated the matter in regard to indulgences for the dead , his teaching on indulgences for the living was in line with catholic dogma of the time .
for instance p ⊆ np ⊆ pp ⊆ pspace , but it is possible that p = pspace .
voters choose one member to represent the constituency , and the member with most votes is returned as a constituency msp .
japanese imports , primarily the toyota corona , the toyota corolla , the datsun b210 , the datsun 510 , the honda civic , the mitsubishi galant ( a captive import from chrysler sold as the dodge colt ) , the subaru dl , and later the honda accord all had four cylinder engines that were more fuel efficient than the typical american v8 and six cylinder engines .
the height of this persecution was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre when 5,000 to 30,000 were killed , although there were also underlying political reasons for this as well , as some of the huguenots were nobles trying to establish separate centers of power in southern france .
it is planned that it could open within five years .
earlier papers studying problems solvable by turing machines with specific bounded resources include john myhill 's definition of linear bounded automata ( myhill 1960 ) , raymond smullyan 's study of rudimentary sets ( 1961 ) , as well as hisao yamada 's paper on real-time computations ( 1962 ) .
the property of being prime ( or not ) is called primality .
for certain physical scenarios , it is impossible to model forces as being due to gradient of potentials .
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney .
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) .
the affected region was approximate 1,160,000 square miles ( 3,000,000 km2 ) of rainforest , compared to 734,000 square miles ( 1,900,000 km2 ) in 2005. the 2010 drought had three epicenters where vegetation died off , whereas in 2005 the drought was focused on the southwestern part .
in the 1060s , robert crispin led the normans of edessa against the turks .
his orders were to protect the king 's land in the ohio valley from the british .
a series of religious conflicts followed , known as the wars of religion , fought intermittently from 1562 to 1598. the wars finally ended with the granting of the edict of nantes , which granted the huguenots substantial religious , political and military autonomy .
in this way , they might be considered coercive .
perhaps surprisingly , each of these models can be converted to another without providing any extra computational power .
in the midst of these plans , von braun was transferred from the army to nasa , and made director of the marshall space flight center .
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden .
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp .
undergraduates typically take four half-courses per term and must maintain a four-course rate average to be considered full-time .
sudbury model democratic schools claim that popularly based authority can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike .
although deforestation has declined significantly in the brazilian amazon between 2004 and 2014 , there has been an increase to the present day .
the strong force only acts directly upon elementary particles .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
in the view of luther 's biographer martin brecht , " giving confessional advice for philip of hesse was one of the worst mistakes luther made , and , next to the landgrave himself , who was directly responsible for it , history chiefly holds luther accountable " .
westinghouse convinced tesla to release his company from the licensing agreement over tesla 's ac patents in exchange for westinghouse electric purchasing the patents for a lump sum payment of $ 216,000 ; this provided westinghouse a break from what , due to alternating current 's rapid gain in popularity , had turned out to be an overly generous $ 2.50 per ac horsepower royalty .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
at fécamp , under two italian abbots , william of volpiano and john of ravenna , the system of denoting notes by letters was developed and taught .
the panthers seemed primed to score on their opening drive of the second half when newton completed a 45-yard pass to ted ginn jr. on the denver 35-yard line on their second offensive play .
they include parochial schools , a term which is often used to denote roman catholic schools .
this involves publishing default emission factors , which are factors used to derive emissions estimates based on the levels of fuel consumption , industrial production and so on .
luther secretly returned to wittenberg on 6 march 1522. he wrote to the elector : " during my absence , satan has entered my sheepfold , and committed ravages which i can not repair by writing , but only by my personal presence and living word . "
all three types of rocks may be re-melted ; when this happens , a new magma is formed , from which an igneous rock may once again crystallize .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
he squished his toes one hundred times for each foot every night , saying that it stimulated his brain cells .
on the other hand , higher economic inequality tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ( self-employment ) .
both before and after the 1708 passage of the foreign protestants naturalization act , an estimated 50,000 protestant walloons and huguenots fled to england , with many moving on to ireland and elsewhere .
the study also found that there were two previously unknown but related clades ( genetic branches ) of the y. pestis genome associated with medieval mass graves .
only 100–150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
the more extensive 10-county definition , including kern and san luis obispo counties , is also used based on historical political divisions .
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl .
his extremely influential books ( translated into many languages ) placed islam in a modern context , and influenced not only conservative ulema but liberal modernizer islamists such as al-faruqi , whose " islamization of knowledge " carried forward some of maududi 's key principles .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
in 1958 , a study recommended that the city of jacksonville begin annexing outlying communities in order to create the needed tax base to improve services throughout the county .
the university partially manages argonne national laboratory , part of the united states department of energy 's national laboratory system , and has a joint stake in fermilab , a nearby particle physics laboratory , as well as a stake in the apache point observatory in sunspot , new mexico .
some such schools teach religious education , together with the usual academic subjects to impress their particular faith 's beliefs and traditions in the students who attend .
over the next several years in addition to host to host interactive connections the network was enhanced to support terminal to host connections , host to host batch connections ( remote job submission , remote printing , batch file transfer ) , interactive file transfer , gateways to the tymnet and telenet public data networks , x.25 host attachments , gateways to x.25 data networks , ethernet attached hosts , and eventually tcp/ip and additional public universities in michigan join the network .
that year , roone arledge was named president of abc sports ; the company also founded abc pictures , a film production company which released its first picture that year , the ralph nelson-directed charly .
in middle age , tesla became a close friend of mark twain ; they spent a lot of time together in his lab and elsewhere .
from this he surmised that nitroaereus is consumed in both respiration and combustion .
pushing against an object on a frictional surface can result in a situation where the object does not move because the applied force is opposed by static friction , generated between the object and the table surface .
it is a highly reactive substance and must be segregated from combustible materials .
abercrombie was recalled and replaced by jeffery amherst , victor at louisbourg .
in 1952 , following pressure from tesla 's nephew , sava kosanović , tesla 's entire estate was shipped to belgrade in 80 trunks marked n.t .
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " .
[ citation needed ] on november 28 , 1995 , bill clinton signed the national highway designation act , ending the federal 55 mph ( 89 km/h ) speed limit , allowing states to restore their prior maximum speed limit .
the plan was , at least provisionally approved by then superintendent of new york city schools , william h. maxwell .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
it is a unesco world heritage site ( 2002 ) and known as " the romantic rhine " , with more than 40 castles and fortresses from the middle ages and many quaint and lovely country villages .
hypersensitivity is an immune response that damages the body 's own tissues .
[ j ] oxygen toxicity usually begins to occur at partial pressures more than 50 kilopascals ( kpa ) , equal to about 50 % oxygen composition at standard pressure or 2.5 times the normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure of about 21 kpa .
linebacker demarcus ware was selected to play in the pro bowl for the ninth time in his career , ranking second on the team with 7½ sacks .
capital cities/abc reported revenues of $ 465 million .
the world price , which had peaked during the 1979 energy crisis at nearly $ 40 per barrel , decreased during the 1980s to less than $ 10 per barrel .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall .
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden .
they ultimately decided to switch to german in protest against the occupation of prussia by napoleon in 1806-07. many of their descendents rose to positions of prominence .
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig .
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285. thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307. temür khan decided to maintain and continue much of the work begun by his grandfather .
armstrong and aldrin performed the first landing at the sea of tranquility at 20:17:40 utc on july 20 , 1969. they spent a total of 21 hours , 36 minutes on the surface , and spent 2 hours , 31 minutes outside the spacecraft , walking on the surface , taking photographs , collecting material samples , and deploying automated scientific instruments , while continuously sending black-and-white television back to earth .
in the southern north sea , due to ongoing tectonic subsidence , the sea level is still rising , at the rate of about 1–3 cm ( 0.39–1.18 in ) per century ( 1 metre or 39 inches in last 3000 years ) .
in 1873 , tesla returned to his birthtown , smiljan .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections .
the fso car factory was established in 1951. a number of vehicles have been assembled there over the decades , including the warszawa , syrena , fiat 125p ( under license from fiat , later renamed fso 125p when the license expired ) and the polonez .
where the laws of member states provide for lesser rights european union law can be enforced by the courts of member states .
he completed the 1752 treaty of logstown in which the local indians , through their " half-king " tanacharison and an iroquois representative , agreed to terms that included permission to build a " strong house " at the mouth of the monongahela river ( the site of present-day pittsburgh , pennsylvania ) .
if the mayor vetoes a bill , the council has 30 days to override the veto by a two-thirds majority vote .
finding oil and developing new fields usually required five to ten years before significant production .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
although the traditional chinese elite were not given their share of power , the mongols and the semuren ( various allied groups from central asia and the western end of the empire ) largely remained strangers to the mainstream chinese culture , and this dichotomy gave the yuan regime a somewhat strong " colonial " coloration .
this debate has proved difficult to resolve because the practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean that data sampling is biased away from the center of the amazon basin , and both explanations are reasonably well supported by the available data .
lagerlof and galor stated that gender inequality in education can result to low economic growth , and continued gender inequality in education , thus creating a poverty trap .
luther had published his german translation of the new testament in 1522 , and he and his collaborators completed the translation of the old testament in 1534 , when the whole bible was published .
the reverend alexander dyce was another benefactor of the library , leaving over 14,000 books to the museum in 1869. amongst the books he collected are early editions in greek and latin of the poets and playwrights aeschylus , aristotle , homer , livy , ovid , pindar , sophocles and virgil .
there were 4 han tumens and 3 khitan tumens , with each tumen consisting of 10,000 troops .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
in the early 13th century , the khwarazmian dynasty was governed by shah ala ad-din muhammad .
the academic bodies of the university of chicago consist of the college , four divisions of graduate research and seven professional schools .
using statistics from 23 developed countries and the 50 states of the us , they found social/health problems lower in countries like japan and finland and states like utah and new hampshire with high levels of equality , than in countries ( us and uk ) and states ( mississippi and new york ) with large differences in household income .
from the eocene onwards , the ongoing alpine orogeny caused a n–s rift system to develop in this zone .
the first four are sections within their corresponding graduate divisions , while the new collegiate division administers interdisciplinary majors and studies which do not fit in one of the other four divisions .
martin luther ( /ˈluːθər/ or /ˈluːðər/ ; german : [ ˈmaɐ̯tiːn ˈlʊtɐ ] ( listen ) ; 10 november 1483 – 18 february 1546 ) was a german professor of theology , composer , priest , former monk and a seminal figure in the protestant reformation .
it is possible that the inverted repeats help stabilize the rest of the chloroplast genome , as chloroplast dnas which have lost some of the inverted repeat segments tend to get rearranged more .
luther 's writings circulated widely , reaching france , england , and italy as early as 1519. students thronged to wittenberg to hear luther speak .
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
:247 he was also critical of einstein 's theory of relativity , saying :
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum .
kenya 's inclusion among the beneficiaries of the us government 's african growth and opportunity act ( agoa ) has given a boost to manufacturing in recent years .
the worst-case is when the input is sorted or sorted in reverse order , and the algorithm takes time o ( n2 ) for this case .
the european commission has the initiative to propose legislation .
much unregistered property is held in informal form through various associations and other arrangements .
the old position was shared with broadcasters from several european countries , while the new position at 28.5°e came to be used almost exclusively for channels that broadcast to the united kingdom .
the french wars of religion in the 16th century and french revolution in the 18th successively destroyed much of what existed in the way of the architectural and artistic remnant of this norman creativity .
rhodoplasts synthesize a form of starch called floridean , which collects into granules outside the rhodoplast , in the cytoplasm of the red alga .
when kennedy 's newly appointed nasa administrator james e. webb requested a 30 percent budget increase for his agency , kennedy supported an acceleration of nasa 's large booster program but deferred a decision on the broader issue .
outside the city centre , the largest suburban shopping areas are gosforth and byker .
in 1900 , the los angeles times defined southern california as including " the seven counties of los angeles , san bernardino , orange , riverside , san diego , ventura and santa barbara . "
this pattern of higher incomes-longer lives still holds among poorer countries , where life expectancy increases rapidly as per capita income increases , but in recent decades it has slowed down among middle income countries and plateaued among the richest thirty or so countries in the world .
in between , they have the 10 o'clock tea ( chai ya saa nne ) and 4 pm tea ( chai ya saa kumi ) .
six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system , metrolink , run out of downtown los angeles , connecting los angeles , ventura , san bernardino , riverside , orange , and san diego counties with the other line connecting san bernardino , riverside , and orange counties directly .
he found that inequality is associated with higher levels of redistributive taxation , which is associated with lower levels of growth from reductions in private savings and investment .
there are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end , and are spaced evenly round the body .
warsaw remained the capital of the polish–lithuanian commonwealth until 1796 , when it was annexed by the kingdom of prussia to become the capital of the province of south prussia .
the soundtrack for series 5 was released on 8 november 2010. in february 2011 , a soundtrack was released for the 2010 christmas special : " a christmas carol " , and in december 2011 the soundtrack for series 6 was released , both by silva screen records .
during the protestant reformation , lefevre , a professor at the university of paris , published his french translation of the new testament in 1523 , followed by the whole bible in the french language in 1530. william farel was a student of lefevre who went on to become a leader of the swiss reformation , establishing a protestant government in geneva .
former prime minister of thailand abhisit vejjajiva , was born in the city .
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount .
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique .
climate fluctuations during the last 34 million years have allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics .
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) .
its music library contains 8000 cds and 10,000 lps .
such cities , which have over 100,000 people or these , where already was president before 1990. the first warsaw president was jan andrzej menich ( 1695–1696 ) .
in southern europe , the stage was set in the triassic period of the mesozoic era , with the opening of the tethys ocean , between the eurasian and african tectonic plates , between about 240 mbp and 220 mbp ( million years before present ) .
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285. thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307. temür khan decided to maintain and continue much of the work begun by his grandfather .
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites .
the reforms provoked disturbances , including a revolt by the augustinian friars against their prior , the smashing of statues and images in churches , and denunciations of the magistracy .
the 8- and 10-county definitions are not used for the greater southern california megaregion , one of the 11 megaregions of the united states .
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer .
in this respect it is noteworthy that the bbc takes no position on the canonicity of any of such stories , and producers of the show have expressed distaste for the idea .
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 .
this comprises more than 60 % of the state 's total land surface .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
the ultimate objective of the unfccc is to " stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic [ i.e. , human-induced ] interference with the climate system " .
after a general debate on the final form of the bill , members proceed to vote at decision time on whether they agree to the general principles of the final bill .
houghton has stressed that the spm is agreed upon by delegates from many of the world 's governments , and that any changes to the spm must be supported by scientific evidence .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
in some rural areas in the united kingdom , there are dispensing physicians who are allowed to both prescribe and dispense prescription-only medicines to their patients from within their practices .
this early part of luther 's career was one of his most creative and productive .
in their only other super bowl win in super bowl xxxii , denver wore blue jerseys , which was their primary color at the time .
in 1912 , he crafted " a plan to make dull students bright by saturating them unconsciously with electricity , " wiring the walls of a schoolroom and , " saturating [ the schoolroom ] with infinitesimal electric waves vibrating at high frequency .
when the interstate highway system was created in the 1950s , the decision was made to build what is now interstate 5 on the west side of the central valley , and thus bypass many of the population centers in the region , instead of upgrading what is now state route 99. due to rapidly raising population and traffic in cities along sr 99 , as well as the desirability of federal funding , much discussion has been made to upgrade it to interstate standards and eventually incorporate it into the interstate system , most likely as interstate 9. major improvements to signage , lane width , median separation , vertical clearance , and other concerns are currently underway .
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism .
westinghouse looked into getting a patent on a similar commutator-less , rotating magnetic field-based induction motor presented in a paper in march 1888 by the italian physicist galileo ferraris , but decided tesla 's patent would probably control the market .
for example , joseph haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the lebanon , new hampshire city councilors stating , " wise up or die . "
for instance , while traveling in a moving vehicle at a constant velocity , the laws of physics do not change from being at rest .
for example , at the beginning of each parliamentary year , the first minister delivers a statement to the chamber setting out the government 's legislative programme for the forthcoming year .
the governor could not actually hold a set speed , because it would assume a new constant speed in response to load changes .
polonia was relegated from the country 's top flight in 2013 because of their disastrous financial situation .
thermochemical techniques can be used to determine temperature profiles within the crust , the uplift of mountain ranges , and paleotopography .
in 1972 , the new rules resulted in the company 's decision to split abc films into two separate companies : the existing worldvision enterprises , which would produce and distribute programming for u.s. syndication , and abc circle films as a production unit .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
beginning 2007 , families with incomes below $ 60,000 pay nothing for their children to attend , including room and board .
conservative researchers have argued that income inequality is not significant because consumption , rather than income should be the measure of inequality , and inequality of consumption is less extreme than inequality of income in the us .
the sky q mini set top boxes connect to the sky q silver set top boxes with a wi-fi or power-line connection rather than receive their own satellite feeds .
bowman was the director of the american geographical society in 1914. three years later in 1917 , he was appointed to then president woodrow wilson 's inquiry in 1917. the inquiry was the idea of president wilson and the american delegation from the paris peace conference .
as a tourist promotion , newcastle and gateshead have linked together under the banner " newcastlegateshead " , to spearhead the regeneration of the north-east .
teachers may use a lesson plan to facilitate student learning , providing a course of study which is called the curriculum .
they ultimately decided to switch to german in protest against the occupation of prussia by napoleon in 1806-07. many of their descendents rose to positions of prominence .
the ipcc panel is composed of representatives appointed by governments and organizations .
his position was entirely religious and in no respect racial . "
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century .
no plans were announced regarding the recognition of harvey martin , co-mvp of super bowl xii , who died in 2001 .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
this stage comprises two parts : consideration of amendments to the bill as a general debate , and a final vote on the bill .
she gave birth to a son , jochi ( 1185–1226 ) , nine months later , clouding the issue of his parentage .
in 1825 george stephenson built the locomotion for the stockton and darlington railway .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
english chemist john mayow ( 1641–1679 ) refined this work by showing that fire requires only a part of air that he called spiritus nitroaereus or just nitroaereus .
because of their soft , gelatinous bodies , ctenophores are extremely rare as fossils , and fossils that have been interpreted as ctenophores have been found only in lagerstätten , places where the environment was exceptionally suited to preservation of soft tissue .
the last was owned by electronics manufacturer radio corporation of america ( rca ) , which owned two radio networks that each ran different varieties of programming , nbc blue and nbc red .
in order to rectify this situation , socialists argue that the means of production should be socially owned so that income differentials would be reflective of individual contributions to the social product .
these engines are mainly used in toys and models , because of their simplicity , but have also been used in full size working engines , mainly on ships where their compactness is valued .
dubbed skylab , it was constructed complete on the ground rather than in space , and launched in 1973 using the two lower stages of a saturn v. it was equipped with an apollo telescope mount , the solar telescope that would have been used on the apollo telescope missions .
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " .
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection .
in 1749 the british government gave land to the ohio company of virginia for the purpose of developing trade and settlements in the ohio country .
behind them , two of the panthers three starting linebackers were also selected to play in the pro bowl : thomas davis and luke kuechly .
secondly , aspirational consumption describes the process of middle income earners aspiring to achieve the standards of living enjoyed by their wealthier counterparts and one method of achieving this aspiration is by taking on debt .
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event .
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages .
newton 's third law is a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects .
similarly , in amministrazione delle finanze v simmenthal spa , a company , simmenthal spa , claimed that a public health inspection fee under an italian law of 1970 for importing beef from france to italy was contrary to two regulations from 1964 and 1968. in " accordance with the principle of the precedence of community law , " said the court of justice , the " directly applicable measures of the institutions " ( such as the regulations in the case ) " render automatically inapplicable any conflicting provision of current national law " .
politically , the system of government created by kublai khan was the product of a compromise between mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional chinese autocratic-bureaucratic system .
teu article 16 ( 4 ) and tfeu article 238 ( 3 ) define this to mean at least 55 per cent of the council members ( not votes ) representing 65 per cent of the population of the eu : currently this means around 74 per cent , or 260 of the 352 votes .
due to pressure from film studios wanting to increase their production , as the major networks began airing theatrically released films , abc joined cbs and nbc in broadcasting films on sunday nights in 1962 , with the launch of the abc sunday night movie , which debuted a year behind its competitors and was initially presented in black-and-white .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
tesla could be harsh at times and openly expressed disgust for overweight people , such as when he fired a secretary because of her weight .
the theory formalizes this intuition , by introducing mathematical models of computation to study these problems and quantifying the amount of resources needed to solve them , such as time and storage .
its exterior was covered with an ablative heat shield , and had its own reaction control system ( rcs ) engines to control its attitude and steer its atmospheric entry path .
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " .
the alps are part of the great dividing range mountain system extending east-west through the centre of victoria .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
abc originally launched on october 12 , 1943 as a radio network , separated from and serving as the successor to the nbc blue network , which had been purchased by edward j. noble .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
legislative power in warsaw is vested in a unicameral warsaw city council ( rada miasta ) , which comprises 60 members .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
in 2005 , clergy credentials were removed from irene elizabeth stroud after she was convicted in a church trial of violating church law by engaging in a lesbian relationship ; this conviction was later upheld by the judicial council , the highest court in the denomination .
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports .
notable exceptions were : the daleks ' master plan , which aired in 12 episodes ( plus an earlier one-episode teaser , " mission to the unknown " , featuring none of the regular cast ) ; almost an entire season of seven-episode serials ( season 7 ) ; the 10-episode serial the war games ; and the trial of a time lord , which ran for 14 episodes ( albeit divided into three production codes and four narrative segments ) during season 23. occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy .
mohandas gandhi pleaded guilty and told the court , " i am here to .
most of these defections occur because of economic or financial factors .
a fourth series , torchwood : miracle day jointly produced by bbc wales , bbc worldwide and the american entertainment company starz debuted in 2011. the series was predominantly set in the united states , though wales remained part of the show 's setting .
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in .
in 1861 , tesla attended the " lower " or " primary " school in smiljan where he studied german , arithmetic , and religion .
for time and space requirements , the answer to such questions is given by the time and space hierarchy theorems respectively .
at the same time he made attempts to help grow abc , goldenson had been trying since mid-1953 to provide content for the network by contacting his old acquaintances in hollywood , with whom he had worked when upt was a subsidiary of paramount pictures .
his 1543 treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) took its place among other anti-jewish literature of the times , although historians acknowledge that this treatise was particularly extreme , even by the standards of sixteenth century europe .
notable examples include the traveling salesman problem and the integer factorization problem .
it was however superseded by the british invention steam turbine where speed was required , for instance in warships , such as the dreadnought battleships , and ocean liners .
within southern california are two major cities , los angeles and san diego , as well as three of the country 's largest metropolitan areas .
in 2009 , the great internet mersenne prime search project was awarded a us $ 100,000 prize for first discovering a prime with at least 10 million digits .
some yuan documents such as wang zhen 's nong shu were printed with earthenware movable type , a technology invented in the 12th century .
for example , an experienced teacher and parent described the place of a teacher in learning as follows : " the real bulk of learning takes place in self-study and problem solving with a lot of feedback around that loop .
such safety valves traditionally used a simple lever to restrain a plug valve in the top of a boiler .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
elders serve a term of 2–3 years as provisional elders prior to their ordination .
in 2004 , the v & a alongside royal institute of british architects opened the first permanent gallery in the uk covering the history of architecture with displays using models , photographs , elements from buildings and original drawings .
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america .
conservative mp alec shelbrooke was proposing the payments of benefits and tax credits on a " welfare cash card " , in the style of the supplemental nutrition assistance program , that could be used to buy only " essentials " .
undergraduate courses at the university of chicago are known for their demanding standards , heavy workload and academic difficulty ; according to uni in the usa , " among the academic cream of american universities – harvard , yale , princeton , mit , and the university of chicago – it is uchicago that can most convincingly claim to provide the most rigorous , intense learning experience . "
the later accidental introduction of beroe helped to mitigate the problem , as beroe preys on other ctenophores .
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made .
however , these characteristics actually result from the pauli exclusion principle .
saudi arabia spent over 100 billion dollars in the ensuing decades for helping spread its fundamentalist interpretation of islam , known as wahhabism , throughout the world , via religious charities such al-haramain foundation , which often also distributed funds to violent sunni extremist groups such as al-qaeda and the taliban .
for reasons of economy , oxygen is often transported in bulk as a liquid in specially insulated tankers , since one liter of liquefied oxygen is equivalent to 840 liters of gaseous oxygen at atmospheric pressure and 20 °c ( 68 °f ) .
key selling points were the improvement in picture and sound quality , increased number of channels and an interactive service branded open ... . now called sky active , bskyb competed with the ondigital ( later itv digital ) terrestrial offering and cable services .
other students mocked them , saying they were the " holy club " and " the methodists " , being methodical and exceptionally detailed in their bible study , opinions and disciplined lifestyle .
edward john noble , the owner of life savers candy , drugstore chain rexall and new york city radio station wmca , purchased the network for $ 8 million .
this led maxwell to discover that electric and magnetic fields could be " self-generating " through a wave that traveled at a speed that he calculated to be the speed of light .
pro bowl defensive tackle kawann short led the team in sacks with 11 , while also forcing three fumbles and recovering two .
the plowshares organization temporarily closed gcsb waihopai by padlocking the gates and using sickles to deflate one of the large domes covering two satellite dishes .
chloroplasts may be converted to chromoplasts , which are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
it is also the home of the sunnyside country club , which maintains a golf course designed by william p. bell .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
the company energiprojekt ab in sweden has made progress in using modern materials for harnessing the power of steam .
closely related fields in theoretical computer science are analysis of algorithms and computability theory .
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper .
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates .
he stated that he observed stationary waves during this time .
this is a form of jail solidarity .
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng .
approximately one million protestants in modern france represent some 2 % of its population .
the university 's competitive model united nations team was the top ranked team in north america in 2013-14 and 2014-2015. among notable rsos are the nation 's longest continuously running student film society doc films , organizing committee for the university of chicago scavenger hunt , the twice-weekly student newspaper the chicago maroon , the alternative weekly student newspaper south side weekly , the nation 's second oldest continuously running student improvisational theater troupe off-off campus , and the university-owned radio station whpk .
the result indicates that the rainforest could be threatened though the 21st century by climate change in addition to deforestation .
from their original homelands in scandinavia and northern europe , germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western europe in the middle period of classical antiquity ; southern europe in late antiquity , conquering celtic and other peoples ; and by 800 ce , forming the holy roman empire , the first german empire .
the racial makeup of the city was 50.2 % white , 8.4 % black or african american , 1.6 % native american , 11.2 % asian ( about a third of which is hmong ) , 0.1 % pacific islander , 23.4 % from other races , and 5.2 % from two or more races .
prince frederick iii , elector of saxony , obtained a safe conduct for luther to and from the meeting .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
as such , it made a significant contribution to the evolution of the german language and literature .
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs .
spreading throughout the mediterranean and europe , the black death is estimated to have killed 30–60 % of europe 's total population .
one of these is dominated by a full-scale replica of trajan 's column , cut in half in order to fit under the ceiling .
this was followed by five launches of boilerplate csms ( designated as-101 through as-105 ) into orbit in 1964 and 1965. the last three of these further supported the apollo program by also carrying pegasus satellites , which verified the safety of the translunar environment by measuring the frequency and severity of micrometeorite impacts .
according to politifact the top 400 richest americans " have more wealth than half of all americans combined . "
other components are often present ; pumps ( such as an injector ) to supply water to the boiler during operation , condensers to recirculate the water and recover the latent heat of vaporisation , and superheaters to raise the temperature of the steam above its saturated vapour point , and various mechanisms to increase the draft for fireboxes .
the social chapter is a chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam covering social policy issues in european union law .
these folds can either be those where the material in the center of the fold buckles upwards , creating " antiforms " , or where it buckles downwards , creating " synforms " .
oxygen gas can also be produced through electrolysis of water into molecular oxygen and hydrogen .
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway .
the age of imperialism , a time period beginning around 1700 , saw ( generally european ) industrializing nations engaging in the process of colonizing , influencing , and annexing other parts of the world in order to gain political power .
aristotle misinterpreted this motion as being caused by the applied force .
its saturn ib was allocated to the dual mission , now redesignated as-205/208 or as-258 , planned for august 1967. mcdivitt , scott and schweickart were promoted to the prime as-258 crew , and schirra , eisele and cunningham were reassigned as the apollo 1 backup crew .
many became exaptations , taking on new functions like participating in cell division , protein routing , and even disease resistance .
effects of inequality researchers have found include higher rates of health and social problems , and lower rates of social goods , a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted on high-end consumption , and even a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption .
for instance , american geographer ellen churchill semple argued that even though human beings originated in the tropics they were only able to become fully human in the temperate zone .
governments may require certification by a recognized body before they can teach in a school .
in a separate operation , the ludendorff bridge , crossing the rhine at remagen , became famous , when u.s. forces were able to capture it intact – much to their own surprise – after the germans failed to demolish it .
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds .
juzjani suggests that the disagreement arose from a quarrel between jochi and his brothers in the siege of urgench .
dubbed skylab , it was constructed complete on the ground rather than in space , and launched in 1973 using the two lower stages of a saturn v. it was equipped with an apollo telescope mount , the solar telescope that would have been used on the apollo telescope missions .
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
kenya won several medals during the beijing olympics , six gold , four silver and four bronze , making it africa 's most successful nation in the 2008 olympics .
until 1932 the generally accepted length of the rhine was 1,230 kilometres ( 764 miles ) .
this local-global principle again underlines the importance of primes to number theory .
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 .
from 1531 to 1546 , his health deteriorated further .
granal thylakoids are pancake-shaped circular disks about 300–600 nanometers in diameter .
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
historically , the methodist church has supported the temperance movement .
algorithms that use random bits are called randomized algorithms .
the program was named after the greek god of light , music , and the sun by nasa manager abe silverstein , who later said that " i was naming the spacecraft like i 'd name my baby . "
some are simultaneous hermaphrodites , which can produce both eggs and sperm at the same time .
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . "
european union law is applied by the courts of member states and the court of justice of the european union .
although the mongols had ruled territories including today 's north china for decades , it was not until 1271 that kublai khan officially proclaimed the dynasty in the traditional chinese style .
where professional and labor organizations can not limit the number of workers ) the workers wages will not be controlled by these organizations , or by the employer , but rather by the market .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
depending on the water level , this flow of the rhine water is clearly visible along the entire length of the lake .
the ashes are displayed in a gold-plated sphere on a marble pedestal in the nikola tesla museum .
the common allotrope of elemental oxygen on earth is called dioxygen , o 2. it is the form that is a major part of the earth 's atmosphere ( see occurrence ) .
invitations to address parliament in this manner are determined by the presiding officer on the advice of the parliamentary bureau .
proplastids are commonly found in an adult plant 's apical meristems .
the increased solubility of o 2 at lower temperatures ( see physical properties ) has important implications for ocean life , as polar oceans support a much higher density of life due to their higher oxygen content .
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii .
aken also made his first tv appearance playing guitar on the old country-western show at the fresno barn .
plants have two main immune responses—the hypersensitive response , in which infected cells seal themselves off and undergo programmed cell death , and systemic acquired resistance , where infected cells release signals warning the rest of the plant of a pathogen 's presence .
like maududi , al banna believed in the necessity of government rule based on shariah law implemented gradually and by persuasion , and of eliminating all imperialist influence in the muslim world .
further , in the aftermath of the national elections of december 2007 and the violence that subsequently engulfed the country , a commission of inquiry , the waki commission , commended its readiness and adjudged it to " have performed its duty well . "
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
co-teaching is defined as two or more teachers working harmoniously to fulfill the needs of every student in the classroom .
the first huguenots to leave france sought freedom from persecution in switzerland and the netherlands .
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible .
jean cauvin ( john calvin ) , another student at the university of paris , also converted to protestantism .
there are 131 seats in the debating chamber .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
the wars of religion precluded a return voyage , and the outpost was abandoned .
fermat also conjectured that all numbers of the form 22n + 1 are prime ( they are called fermat numbers ) and he verified this up to n = 4 ( or 216 + 1 ) .
the sarah jane adventures , starring elisabeth sladen who reprised her role as investigative journalist sarah jane smith , was developed by cbbc ; a special aired on new year 's day 2007 and a full series began on 24 september 2007. a second series followed in 2008 , notable for ( as noted above ) featuring the return of brigadier lethbridge-stewart .
in 1981 , abc ( through its abc video services division ) launched the alpha repertory television service ( arts ) , a cable channel operated as a joint venture with the hearst corporation offering cultural and arts programming , which aired as a nighttime service over the channel space of nickelodeon .
in the march battle of fort bull , french forces destroyed the fort and large quantities of supplies , including 45,000 pounds of gunpowder .
their local rivals , polonia warsaw , have significantly fewer supporters , yet they managed to win ekstraklasa championship in 2000. they also won the country ’ s championship in 1946 , and won the cup twice as well .
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill .
all green parts of a plant contain chloroplasts—the chloroplasts , or more specifically , the chlorophyll in them are what make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green .
this allowed increased communication and trade between the west , middle east and asia , thus expanding the horizons of all three cultural areas .
a modern example of school discipline in north america and western europe relies upon the idea of an assertive teacher who is prepared to impose their will upon a class .
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen .
the leading schools such as the groton school had substantial endowments running to hundreds of millions of dollars supplemented by fundraising drives .
the arrival of satellite television ended the need for abc to hold interests in other countries ; many governments also wanted to increase their independence and strengthen legislation to limit foreign ownership of broadcasting properties .
in the year 2011 two ipcc special report were finalized , the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) and the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation ( srex ) .
chagatai was considered unstable due to his temper and rash behavior , because of statements he made that he would not follow jochi if he were to become his father 's successor .
economist joseph stiglitz argues that rather than explaining concentrations of wealth and income , market forces should serve as a brake on such concentration , which may better be explained by the non-market force known as " rent-seeking " .
the ten commandments , and the beginnings of the renewed life of christians accorded to them by the sacrament of baptism , are a present foreshadowing of the believers ' future angel-like life in heaven in the midst of this life .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
the concept of legal certainty is recognised one of the general principles of european union law by the european court of justice since the 1960s .
their ideology was also described as being influenced by wahhabism , and the extremist jihadism of their guest osama bin laden .
lower doses of anti-inflammatory drugs are often used in conjunction with cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs such as methotrexate or azathioprine .
in 1639 , the college was renamed harvard college after deceased clergyman john harvard , who was an alumnus of the university of cambridge .
tymnet was an international data communications network headquartered in san jose , ca that utilized virtual call packet switched technology and used x.25 , sna/sdlc , bsc and ascii interfaces to connect host computers ( servers ) at thousands of large companies , educational institutions , and government agencies .
the empire 's expansion continued for a generation or more after genghis 's death in 1227. under genghis 's successor ögedei khan the speed of expansion reached its peak .
in 1900 , the los angeles times defined southern california as including " the seven counties of los angeles , san bernardino , orange , riverside , san diego , ventura and santa barbara . "
the first historical reference to warsaw dates back to the year 1313 , at a time when kraków served as the polish capital city .
by mass , oxygen is the third-most abundant element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium .
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill .
because of the failure to explain the deamination gradient as well as the numerous plant species that have been shown to have circular cpdna , the predominant theory continues to hold that most cpdna is circular and most likely replicates via a d loop mechanism .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
cbc began airing series two on 9 october 2006 at 20:00 e/p ( 20:30 in newfoundland and labrador ) , shortly after that day 's cfl double header on thanksgiving in most of the country .
computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty , and relating those classes to each other .
it can waste up to half the carbon fixed by the calvin cycle .
opposition politicians , human rights groups , and nine western countries criticised the security bill , arguing that it infringed on democratic freedoms .
airing during the 1955–56 season , it showcased television adaptations of the 1942 films kings row and casablanca ; cheyenne ( adapted from the 1947 film wyoming kid ) ; sugarfoot ( a remake of the 1954 film the boy from oklahoma ) ; and maverick .
in may 2013 , abc launched " watch abc " , a revamp of its traditional multi-platform streaming services encompassing the network 's existing streaming portal at abc.com and a mobile app for smartphones and tablet computers ; in addition to providing full-length episodes of abc programs , the service allows live programming streams of local abc affiliates in select markets ( the first such offering by a u.s. broadcast network ) .
the most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer n is called trial division .
even older rocks , such as the acasta gneiss of the slave craton in northwestern canada , the oldest known rock in the world have been metamorphosed to the point where their origin is undiscernable without laboratory analysis .
although the vote was 51.6 % in favour of a scottish assembly , this figure did not equal the 40 % of the total electorate threshold deemed necessary to pass the measure , as 32.9 % of the eligible voting population did not , or had been unable to , vote .
it was later called the " first oil shock " , followed by the 1979 oil crisis , termed the " second oil shock . "
many charter schools do not require that their teachers be certified , provided they meet the standards to be highly qualified as set by no child left behind .
in some plants such as cacti , chloroplasts are found in the stems , though in most plants , chloroplasts are concentrated in the leaves .
in addition , the hyde park day school , a school for students with learning disabilities , maintains a location on the university of chicago campus .
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population .
the measurement is technically difficult owing to the low signal-to-noise ratio and the physical structure of vegetation ; but it has been proposed as a possible method of monitoring the carbon cycle from satellites on a global scale .
high levels of inequality prevent not just economic prosperity , but also the quality of a country 's institutions and high levels of education .
its existence was first proved in 1962 , and first sequenced in 1986—when two japanese research teams sequenced the chloroplast dna of liverwort and tobacco .
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " wir glauben all an einen gott " ( " we all believe in one true god " ) is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
many people in the city have scottish or irish ancestors .
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story .
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai .
a new arrangement of the theme , once again by gold , was introduced in the 2007 christmas special episode , " voyage of the damned " ; gold returned as composer for the 2010 series .
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view .
the institute will cost around $ 200 million and occupy the buildings of the chicago theological seminary .
warsaw was the beloved city of isaac bashevis singer , which he described in many of his novels : warsaw has just now been destroyed .
the centrifugal governor was adopted by james watt for use on a steam engine in 1788 after watt ’ s partner boulton saw one at a flour mill boulton & watt were building .
restrictions implemented by disney–abc television group on january 7 , 2014 restrict streaming of the most recent episode of any abc program on hulu and watch abc until eight days after their initial broadcast , in order to encourage live or same-week ( via both dvr and cable on demand ) viewing , with day-after-air streaming on either service limited to subscribers of participating pay television providers ( such as comcast , verizon fios and time warner cable ) using an isp account via an authenticated user login .
at the end of his second year , tesla lost his scholarship and became addicted to gambling .
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library .
individuals may also become a professing member through transfer from another christian denomination .
the use of remote sensing for the conservation of the amazon is also being used by the indigenous tribes of the basin to protect their tribal lands from commercial interests .
rather than being more moderate than the plo , the 1988 hamas charter took a more uncompromising stand , calling for the destruction of israel and the establishment of an islamic state in palestine .
while in limassol , richard the lion-heart married berengaria of navarre , first-born daughter of king sancho vi of navarre .
near the end of the 19th century compound engines came into widespread use .
the engulfed alga was broken down , leaving only its chloroplast , and sometimes its cell membrane and nucleus , forming a chloroplast with three or four membranes—the two cyanobacterial membranes , sometimes the eaten alga 's cell membrane , and the phagosomal vacuole from the host 's cell membrane .
since the 2005 revival , the doctor generally travels with a primary female companion , who occupies a larger narrative role .
numerous non-fiction books about the series , including guidebooks and critical studies , have also been published , and a dedicated doctor who magazine with newsstand circulation has been published regularly since 1979. this is published by panini , as is the doctor who adventures magazine for younger fans .
the central highlands were already home to over a million members of the kikuyu people , most of whom had no land claims in european terms and lived as itinerant farmers .
for example , an object suspended on a vertical spring scale experiences the force of gravity acting on the object balanced by a force applied by the " spring reaction force " , which equals the object 's weight .
singlet oxygen is a name given to several higher-energy species of molecular o 2 in which all the electron spins are paired .
rather than simply dispensing medication , pharmacists are increasingly expected to be compensated for their patient care skills .
in bays where they occur in very high numbers , predation by ctenophores may control the populations of small zooplanktonic organisms such as copepods , which might otherwise wipe out the phytoplankton ( planktonic plants ) , which are a vital part of marine food chains .
the mechanism by which y. pestis was usually transmitted was established in 1898 by paul-louis simond and was found to involve the bites of fleas whose midguts had become obstructed by replicating y. pestis several days after feeding on an infected host .
during detention , students normally have to sit in a classroom and do work , write lines or a punishment essay , or sit quietly .
one theory is that , while disobedience may be helpful , any great amount of it would undermine the law by encouraging general disobedience which is neither conscientious nor of social benefit .
in 1949 , as communist troops advanced , the nationalist soldiers moved it another 200 km farther west to the famous tibetan monastery of kumbum monastery or ta'er shi near xining , which soon fell under communist control .
the time and space hierarchy theorems form the basis for most separation results of complexity classes .
during this period the university , like shimer college and 10 others , adopted an early entrant program that allowed very young students to attend college ; in addition , students enrolled at shimer were enabled to transfer automatically to the university of chicago after their second year , having taken comparable or identical examinations and courses .
the normans had a profound effect on irish culture and history after their invasion at bannow bay in 1169. initially the normans maintained a distinct culture and ethnicity .
some non-condensing direct-drive locomotives did meet with some success for long haul freight operations in sweden and for express passenger work in britain , but were not repeated .
large-scale regeneration has replaced former shipping premises with imposing new office developments ; an innovative tilting bridge , the gateshead millennium bridge was commissioned by gateshead council and has integrated the older newcastle quayside more closely with major cultural developments in gateshead , including the baltic centre for contemporary art , the venue for the turner prize 2011 and the norman foster-designed the sage gateshead music centre .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
in january 2010 bskyb discontinued the sky+ box , limited the standard sky box to multiroom upgrade only and started to issue the sky+hd box as standard , thus giving all new subscribers the functions of sky+ .
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot .
at the time the only concern was that member states should be prevented from violating human rights , hence the establishment of the european convention on human rights in 1950 and the establishment of the european court of human rights .
germanic tribes crossed the rhine in the migration period , by the 5th century establishing the kingdoms of francia on the lower rhine , burgundy on the upper rhine and alemannia on the high rhine .
other components are often present ; pumps ( such as an injector ) to supply water to the boiler during operation , condensers to recirculate the water and recover the latent heat of vaporisation , and superheaters to raise the temperature of the steam above its saturated vapour point , and various mechanisms to increase the draft for fireboxes .
the next direct threat to temüjin was the naimans ( naiman mongols ) , with whom jamukha and his followers took refuge .
he decided that a time-sharing system , based on kemney 's work at dartmouth—which used a computer on loan from ge—could be profitable .
any knot can be uniquely expressed as a connected sum of prime knots .
victoria 's total gross state product ( gsp ) is ranked second in australia , although victoria is ranked fourth in terms of gsp per capita because of its limited mining activity .
it has hosted the world 's most popular half marathon , the great north run , since it began in 1981 .
other predecessors of the reformed church included the pro-reform and gallican roman catholics , such as jacques lefevre ( c. 1455–1536 ) .
all matters that are not specifically reserved are automatically devolved to the scottish parliament .
the area was originally inhabited by the timucua people , and in 1564 was the site of the french colony of fort caroline , one of the earliest european settlements in what is now the continental united states .
today most electric power is provided by steam turbines .
a turing machine is a mathematical model of a general computing machine .
however , abc made a name for itself by utilizing the practice of counterprogramming , with which it often placed shows of its own against the offerings of nbc and cbs , adopting the use of the magnetophon tape recorder , brought to the u.s. from nazi germany after its conquest , to pre-record its programming .
tesla described the weapon as capable of being used against ground-based infantry or for anti-aircraft purposes .
the presbyterian church of east africa has 3 million followers in kenya and the surrounding countries .
while bskyb had been excluded from being a part of the ondigital consortium , thereby making them a competitor by default , bskyb was able to join itv digital 's free-to-air replacement , freeview , in which it holds an equal stake with the bbc , itv , channel 4 and national grid wireless .
the activation of a resting helper t cell causes it to release cytokines that influence the activity of many cell types .
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " .
others are sequential hermaphrodites , in which the eggs and sperm mature at different times .
the adaptive immune system evolved in early vertebrates and allows for a stronger immune response as well as immunological memory , where each pathogen is " remembered " by a signature antigen .
the 1988 story silver nemesis was broadcast with all three episodes airing back to back on tvnz in new zealand in november , after the first episode had been shown in the uk but before the final two instalments had aired there .
dr. harrison schmitt , a geologist , was the first nasa scientist astronaut to fly in space , and landed on the moon on the last mission , apollo 17. schmitt participated in the lunar geology training of all of the apollo landing crews .
after his father 's death in 1879 , tesla found a package of letters from his professors to his father , warning that unless he were removed from the school , tesla would be killed through overwork .
edison , saying that he was only joking , replied , " tesla , you do n't understand our american humor .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
rubisco has a problem—it has trouble distinguishing between carbon dioxide and oxygen , so at high oxygen concentrations , rubisco starts accidentally adding oxygen to sugar precursors .
some are simultaneous hermaphrodites , which can produce both eggs and sperm at the same time .
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
overall , between 1992 and 2008 the percent of pupils in such schools in germany increased from 6.1 % to 7.8 % ( including rise from 0.5 % to 6.1 % in the former gdr ) .
construction projects can suffer from preventable financial problems .
in works such as la nativité du seigneur ( 1935 ) and quatre études de rythme ( 1949–50 ) , he simultaneously employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers to create unpredictable rhythms : the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in the third étude , " neumes rythmiques " .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
in the presidential elections , president kibaki under the party of national unity ran for re-election against the main opposition party , the orange democratic movement ( odm ) .
pro bowl linebacker von miller led the team with 11 sacks , forced four fumbles , and recovered three .
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
the pharmas also used many other herbs not listed .
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism .
during his analysis of nineteenth-century cartographic techniques , he highlights the use of blank space to denote unknown or unexplored territory .
in this last connection , the name could suggest the derogatory inference of superstitious worship ; popular fancy held that huguon , the gate of king hugo , was haunted by the ghost of le roi huguet ( regarded by roman catholics as an infamous scoundrel ) and other spirits , who instead of being in purgatory came back to harm the living at night .
tesla was generally antagonistic towards theories about the conversion of matter into energy .
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city .
one of the tangut generals challenged the mongols to a battle near helan mountains but was defeated .
the law requires that the gp practice be located in a designated rural area and that there is also a specified , minimum distance ( currently 1.6 kilometres ) between a patient 's home and the nearest retail pharmacy .
fermat also conjectured that all numbers of the form 22n + 1 are prime ( they are called fermat numbers ) and he verified this up to n = 4 ( or 216 + 1 ) .
on average , women are more likely than men to consider factors other than pay when looking for work , and may be less willing to travel or relocate .
although restrictions on freedom of establishment could be justified by creditor protection , labour rights to participate in work , or the public interest in collecting taxes , denial of capacity went too far : it was an " outright negation " of the right of establishment .
fresno is served by state route 99 , the main north/south freeway that connects the major population centers of the california central valley .
the complement system and phagocytic cells are also used by most forms of invertebrate life .
the harvard business school and many of the university 's athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located on a 358-acre ( 145 ha ) campus opposite the cambridge campus in allston .
construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser , while construction typically takes place on location for a known client .
an 1882 map drawn by joseph thompsons , a scottish geologist and naturalist , indicated mt .
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility .
plague was reportedly first introduced to europe via genoese traders at the port city of kaffa in the crimea in 1347. after a protracted siege , during which the mongol army under jani beg was suffering from the disease , the army catapulted the infected corpses over the city walls of kaffa to infect the inhabitants .
the average plant biomass is estimated at 356 ± 47 tonnes per hectare .
the lucas–lehmer test is particularly fast for numbers of this form .
this is a big problem , since o2 is produced by the initial light reactions of photosynthesis , causing issues down the line in the calvin cycle which uses rubisco .
other components are often present ; pumps ( such as an injector ) to supply water to the boiler during operation , condensers to recirculate the water and recover the latent heat of vaporisation , and superheaters to raise the temperature of the steam above its saturated vapour point , and various mechanisms to increase the draft for fireboxes .
nasa immediately convened an accident review board , overseen by both houses of congress .
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism .
through the work of leading theoretical physicists , a new theory of electromagnetism was developed using quantum mechanics .
under defensive coordinator wade phillips , the broncos ' defense ranked number one in total yards allowed , passing yards allowed and sacks , and like the previous three seasons , the team has continued to set numerous individual , league and franchise records .
a version was taken up by the author henry david thoreau in his essay civil disobedience , and later by gandhi in his doctrine of satyagraha .
in the channel 4 series queer as folk ( created by later doctor who executive producer russell t. davies ) , the character of vince was portrayed as an avid doctor who fan , with references appearing many times throughout in the form of clips from the programme .
the skin and respiratory tract secrete antimicrobial peptides such as the β-defensins .
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies .
western medicine was also practiced in china by the nestorian christians of the yuan court , where it was sometimes labeled as huihui or muslim medicine .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union .
on september 13 , 1977 , the network debuted soap , a controversial soap opera parody which became known for being the first television series to feature an openly gay main character ( played by a then-unknown billy crystal ) ; it last ran on the network on april 20 , 1981 .
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 .
europe 's expansion into territorial imperialism was largely focused on economic growth by collecting resources from colonies , in combination with assuming political control by military and political means .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
often , it is not just one contractor , but a consortium of several contractors working together .
on one , they walked to the surveyor , photographed it , and removed some parts which they returned to earth .
in 1929 , the university 's fifth president , robert maynard hutchins , took office ; the university underwent many changes during his 24-year tenure .
another major division within islamism is between what graham e. fuller has described as the fundamentalist " guardians of the tradition " ( salafis , such as those in the wahhabi movement ) and the " vanguard of change and islamic reform " centered around the muslim brotherhood .
about the time of the first landing in 1969 , it was decided to use an existing saturn v to launch the skylab orbital laboratory pre-built on the ground , replacing the original plan to construct it in orbit from several saturn ib launches ; this eliminated apollo 20. nasa 's yearly budget also began to shrink in light of the successful landing , and nasa also had to make funds available for the development of the upcoming space shuttle .
this suggests the eu 's legitimacy rests on the ultimate authority of member states , its factual commitment to human rights , and the democratic will of the people .
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3. however , computing a or μ requires the knowledge of infinitely many primes to begin with .
extra pay is also given for teaching through the irish language , in a gaeltacht area or on an island .
the target was first announced in august 2004 , since then an additional 2.4m customers had subscribed to bskyb 's direct-to-home service .
on june 6 , 1951 , the tentative agreement was approved by upt 's board of directors .
for instance , in commission v france french farmer vigilantes were continually sabotaging shipments of spanish strawberries , and even belgian tomato imports .
it is possible to use a mechanism based on a pistonless rotary engine such as the wankel engine in place of the cylinders and valve gear of a conventional reciprocating steam engine .
however , as a result of the referendum in france and the referendum in the netherlands , the 2004 treaty establishing a constitution for europe never came into force .
the show 's premise is that this is a life process of time lords through which the character of the doctor takes on a new body and , to some extent , new personality , which occurs after sustaining an injury which would be fatal to most other species .
one theory is that , while disobedience may be helpful , any great amount of it would undermine the law by encouraging general disobedience which is neither conscientious nor of social benefit .
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) .
in the motor rallying arena , kenya is home to the world famous safari rally , commonly acknowledged as one of the toughest rallies in the world .
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials .
johann eck , speaking on behalf of the empire as assistant of the archbishop of trier , presented luther with copies of his writings laid out on a table and asked him if the books were his , and whether he stood by their contents .
the tapestry collection includes a fragment of the cloth of st gereon , the oldest known surviving european tapestry .
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them .
the far eastern collections include more than 70,000 works of art from the countries of east asia : china , japan and korea .
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow .
decisions are taken by a simple majority vote , usually through a " written procedure " of circulating the proposals and adopting if there are no objections .
a steady stream of oxygen gas is then produced by the exothermic reaction .
the executive summary of the wg i summary for policymakers report says they are certain that emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases , resulting on average in an additional warming of the earth 's surface .
following the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event , the extinction of the dinosaurs and the wetter climate may have allowed the tropical rainforest to spread out across the continent .
other prominent alumni include anthropologists david graeber and donald johanson , who is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as " lucy " in the afar triangle region , psychologist john b. watson , american psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , communication theorist harold innis , chess grandmaster samuel reshevsky , and conservative international relations scholar and white house coordinator of security planning for the national security council samuel p. huntington .
the biennial av festival of international electronic art , featuring exhibitions , concerts , conferences and film screenings , is held in march .
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration .
van gend en loos , a postal company , claimed that what is now tfeu article 30 prevented the dutch customs authorities charging tariffs , when it imported urea-formaldehyde plastics from germany to the netherlands .
the negotiations were successfully concluded on 17 february 1546. after 8 a.m. , he experienced chest pains .
many times , teachers assist in learning outside of the classroom by accompanying students on field trips .
atp synthase uses the energy from the flowing hydrogen ions to phosphorylate adenosine diphosphate into adenosine triphosphate , or atp .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
other arcane units of force include the sthène , which is equivalent to 1000 n , and the kip , which is equivalent to 1000 lbf .
typically , ministers or party leaders open debates , with opening speakers given between 5 and 20 minutes , and succeeding speakers allocated less time .
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) .
a public library is seen as a peoples university since it is open to all irrespective of age , literacy level and has materials relevant to people of all walks of life .
the centre refreshment room 1865–77 was designed in a renaissance style by james gamble , the walls and even the ionic columns are covered in decorative and moulded ceramic tile , the ceiling consists of elaborate designs on enamelled metal sheets and matching stained-glass windows , the marble fireplace was designed and sculpted by alfred stevens and was removed from dorchester house prior to that building 's demolition in 1929. the grill room 1876–81 was designed by sir edward poynter , the lower part of the walls consist of blue and white tiles with various figures and foliage enclosed by wood panelling , above there are large tiled scenes with figures depicting the four seasons and the twelve months these were painted by ladies from the art school then based in the museum , the windows are also stained glass , there is an elaborate cast-iron grill still in place .
however , the potentials v ( x , y , z ) or fields , from which the forces generally can be derived , are treated similar to classical position variables , i.e. , .
the plant cells which contain chloroplasts are usually parenchyma cells , though chloroplasts can also be found in collenchyma tissue .
in the year 2011 two ipcc special report were finalized , the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) and the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation ( srex ) .
the medieval esteve pharmacy , located in llívia , a catalan enclave close to puigcerdà , also now a museum , dates back to the 15th century , keeping albarellos from the 16th and 17th centuries , old prescription books and antique drugs .
an islamist movement influenced by salafism and the jihad in afghanistan , as well as the muslim brotherhood , was the fis or front islamique de salut ( the islamic salvation front ) in algeria .
he seemed to be a quick student , adopting new technologies and ideas that he encountered , such as siege warfare from the chinese .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
it was named new rochelle after la rochelle , their former strong-hold in france .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
some of the largest primes not known to have any particular form ( that is , no simple formula such as that of mersenne primes ) have been found by taking a piece of semi-random binary data , converting it to a number n , multiplying it by 256k for some positive integer k , and searching for possible primes within the interval [ 256kn + 1 , 256k ( n + 1 ) − 1 ] .
in 1992 , the democratic republic of afghanistan ruled by communist forces collapsed , and democratic islamist elements of mujahdeen founded the islamic state of afghanistan .
as a time lord , the doctor has the ability to regenerate when his body is mortally damaged , taking on a new appearance and personality .
he had to work at various electrical repair jobs and even as a ditch digger for $ 2 per day .
the rhine-meuse delta , the most important natural region of the netherlands begins near millingen aan de rijn , close to the dutch-german border with the division of the rhine into waal and nederrijn .
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
these plasma waves can occur in force-free magnetic fields .
other green spaces in the city include the botanic garden and the university library garden .
otherwise , the physician has a financial self-interest in " diagnosing " as many conditions as possible , and in exaggerating their seriousness , because he or she can then sell more medications to the patient .
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005. in this latter gallery stained glass is displayed alongside silverware starting in the 12th century and continuing to the present .
:33 he was a polyglot , speaking eight languages : serbo-croatian , czech , english , french , german , hungarian , italian , and latin .
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports .
meanwhile , denver 's offense was kept out of the end zone for three plays , but a holding penalty on cornerback josh norman gave the broncos a new set of downs .
since renewal , the tower district has become an attractive area for restaurant and other local businesses .
to date , some 150 nobel laureates , 18 fields medalists and 13 turing award winners have been affiliated as students , faculty , or staff .
there are lot of small lakes in the parks , but only a few are permanent – the majority are emptied before winter to clean them of plants and sediments .
over the next five days , private conferences were held to determine luther 's fate .
over time , this has meant the parliament gradually assumed more voice : from being an unelected assembly , to its first direct elections in 1979 , to having increasingly more rights in the legislative process .
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 .
the network had earlier reached an eleventh-hour deal to renew its carriage agreement with the provider on december 31 , 1999. abc filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to force twc to restore the affected stations ; the fcc ruled in favor of abc , ordering time warner cable to restore the stations , doing so on the afternoon of may 2. abc ended the 2000–01 season as the most-watched network , ahead of nbc .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
according to work by barro in 1999 and 2000 , high levels of inequality reduce growth in relatively poor countries but encourage growth in richer countries .
earlier papers studying problems solvable by turing machines with specific bounded resources include john myhill 's definition of linear bounded automata ( myhill 1960 ) , raymond smullyan 's study of rudimentary sets ( 1961 ) , as well as hisao yamada 's paper on real-time computations ( 1962 ) .
here the rhine flows through the largest conurbation in germany , the rhine-ruhr region .
# p is an important complexity class of counting problems ( not decision problems ) .
newcastle international airport is located approximately 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) from the city centre on the northern outskirts of the city near ponteland and is the larger of the two main airports serving the north east .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
the council meets twice a year at various locations throughout the world .
luther rarely encountered jews during his life , but his attitudes reflected a theological and cultural tradition which saw jews as a rejected people guilty of the murder of christ , and he lived within a local community that had expelled jews some ninety years earlier .
in addition to identifying rocks in the field , petrologists identify rock samples in the laboratory .
the result is a reconciliation of medication and patient education resulting in increased patient health outcomes and decreased costs to the health care system .
other arcane units of force include the sthène , which is equivalent to 1000 n , and the kip , which is equivalent to 1000 lbf .
such qualifications were introduced under the house of commons disqualification act 1975 and the british nationality act 1981. specifically , members must be over the age of 18 and must be a citizen of the united kingdom , the republic of ireland , one of the countries in the commonwealth of nations , a citizen of a british overseas territory , or a european union citizen resident in the uk .
william of apulia tells that , in 1016 , norman pilgrims to the shrine of the archangel michael at monte gargano were met by melus of bari , a lombard nobleman and rebel , who persuaded them to return with more warriors to help throw off the byzantine rule , which they did .
newcastle store bainbridge 's , opened in 1838 , is often cited as the world ’ s first department store .
abc , meanwhile , remained in third place and still needed money to grow itself into a major competitor .
could earn over €90,000 .
there also have been reports of such pharmacies dispensing substandard products .
the color was unofficially adopted ( in preference to magenta ) by an 1875 vote of the student body , although the association with some form of red can be traced back to 1858 , when charles william eliot , a young graduate student who would later become harvard 's 21st and longest-serving president ( 1869–1909 ) , bought red bandanas for his crew so they could more easily be distinguished by spectators at a regatta .
in japan , at the end of the asuka period ( 538–710 ) and the early nara period ( 710–794 ) , the men who fulfilled roles similar to those of modern pharmacists were highly respected .
in 1201 , a khuruldai elected jamukha as gür khan , " universal ruler " , a title used by the rulers of the qara khitai .
by the 1970s , the brotherhood had renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals .
this means that forces follow a different set of mathematical rules than physical quantities that do not have direction ( denoted scalar quantities ) .
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day .
nearly 50,000 huguenots established themselves in germany , 20,000 of whom were welcomed in brandenburg-prussia , where they were granted special privileges ( edict of potsdam ) and churches in which to worship ( such as the church of st. peter and st. paul , angermünde ) by frederick william , elector of brandenburg and duke of prussia .
the arthur m. sackler museum includes collections of ancient , asian , islamic and later indian art , the busch-reisinger museum , formerly the germanic museum , covers central and northern european art , and the fogg museum of art , covers western art from the middle ages to the present emphasizing italian early renaissance , british pre-raphaelite , and 19th-century french art .
when finally edward the confessor returned from his father 's refuge in 1041 , at the invitation of his half-brother harthacnut , he brought with him a norman-educated mind .
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
during the vietnam war , courts typically refused to excuse the perpetrators of illegal protests from punishment on the basis of their challenging the legality of the vietnam war ; the courts ruled it was a political question .
a key distinction between analysis of algorithms and computational complexity theory is that the former is devoted to analyzing the amount of resources needed by a particular algorithm to solve a problem , whereas the latter asks a more general question about all possible algorithms that could be used to solve the same problem .
between 1964 and 1985 , the 7–4–2–3 system was adopted – seven years of primary , four years of lower secondary , two years of upper secondary , and three years of university .
they purchased from john pell , lord of pelham manor , a tract of land consisting of six thousand one hundred acres with the help of jacob leisler .
apicomplexans are another group of chromalveolates .
other notable structures include the 37-story wells fargo center ( with its distinctive flared base making it the defining building in the jacksonville skyline ) , originally built in 1972-74 by the independent life and accident insurance company , and the 28 floor riverplace tower which , when completed in 1967 , was the tallest precast , post-tensioned concrete structure in the world .
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across .
in the early 1950s , student applications declined as a result of increasing crime and poverty in the hyde park neighborhood .
it is conjectured that a progressive decline in hormone levels with age is partially responsible for weakened immune responses in aging individuals .
suggestions for a 'devolved ' parliament were made before 1914 , but were shelved due to the outbreak of the first world war .
the french population numbered about 75,000 and was heavily concentrated along the st. lawrence river valley , with some also in acadia ( present-day new brunswick and parts of nova scotia , including île royale ( present-day cape breton island ) ) .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
rail transport in victoria is provided by several private and public railway operators who operate over government-owned lines .
all missions were commanded by gemini or mercury veterans .
northeastern france drains to the rhine via the moselle ; smaller rivers drain the vosges and jura mountains uplands .
two days later , the fbi ordered the alien property custodian to seize tesla 's belongings , even though tesla was an american citizen .
although maududi talked about islamic revolution , by " revolution " he meant not the violence or populist policies of the iranian revolution , but the gradual changing the hearts and minds of individuals from the top of society downward through an educational process or da'wah .
persons who are addicted to pornography are physiologically altered , as is their perspective , relationships with parishioners and family , and their perceptions of girls and women . "
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
after the defeat of the khwarezmian empire in 1220 , genghis khan gathered his forces in persia and armenia to return to the mongolian steppes .
his successor louis xiii , under the regency of his italian catholic mother marie de ' medici , became more intolerant of protestantism .
as of 2015 , with costs estimated at £76 million , it is the most expensive gallery project ever undertaken in scotland .
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism .
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere .
in favorable circumstances , ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day .
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) .
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
leonard hubert hoffmann writes , " in deciding whether or not to impose punishment , the most important consideration would be whether it would do more harm than good .
the molecules between the photosystems harness the electrons ' energy to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , creating a concentration gradient , with more hydrogen ions ( up to a thousand times as many ) inside the thylakoid system than in the stroma .
in 1351 , the red turban rebellion started and grew into a nationwide uprising .
in the mid-18th century christian goldbach listed 1 as the first prime in his famous correspondence with leonhard euler -- who did not agree .
the 1973 oil crisis began in october 1973 when the members of the organization of arab petroleum exporting countries ( oapec , consisting of the arab members of opec plus egypt and syria ) proclaimed an oil embargo .
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek .
the university 's main library is the regenstein library , which contains one of the largest collections of print volumes in the united states .
thereafter , technological developments and improvements in manufacturing techniques ( partly brought about by the adoption of the steam engine as a power source ) resulted in the design of more efficient engines that could be smaller , faster , or more powerful , depending on the intended application .
however , if the forces are acting on an extended body , their respective lines of application must also be specified in order to account for their effects on the motion of the body .
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school .
the very first fresno television station to begin broadcasting was kmj-tv , which debuted on june 1 , 1953. kmj is now known as nbc affiliate ksee .
in 1599 the british east india company was established and was chartered by queen elizabeth in the following year .
one of the best examples of this architecture are krasiński palace ( 1677–1683 ) , wilanów palace ( 1677–1696 ) and st. kazimierz church ( 1688–1692 ) .
whilst this is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics , some teachers and parents advocate a more assertive and confrontational style of discipline .
these flights validated the service module engine and the command module heat shield .
victoria contains many topographically , geologically and climatically diverse areas , ranging from the wet , temperate climate of gippsland in the southeast to the snow-covered victorian alpine areas which rise to almost 2,000 m ( 6,600 ft ) , with mount bogong the highest peak at 1,986 m ( 6,516 ft ) .
the v & a presented a combined concert/lecture by british progressive folk-rock band gryphon , who explored the lineage of mediaeval music and instrumentation and related how those contributed to contemporary music 500 years later .
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball .
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit .
newcastle upon tyne ( rp : i/ˌnjuːkɑːsəl əˌpɒn ˈtaɪn/ ; locally : i/njuːˌkæsəl əˌpən ˈtaɪn/ ) , commonly known as newcastle , is a city in tyne and wear , north east england , 103 miles ( 166 km ) south of edinburgh and 277 miles ( 446 km ) north of london on the northern bank of the river tyne , 8.5 mi ( 13.7 km ) from the north sea .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
in the united states especially , several high-profile cases such as debra lafave , pamela rogers , and mary kay letourneau have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct .
by contrast to the ecj 's relaxed approach , a committee of independent experts found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had ‘ even the slightest sense of responsibility ’ .
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment .
although kenya is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa , and has an affluent urban minority , it has a human development index ( hdi ) of 0.519 , ranked 145 out of 186 in the world .
the name oxygen was coined in 1777 by antoine lavoisier , whose experiments with oxygen helped to discredit the then-popular phlogiston theory of combustion and corrosion .
other early benefactors included businessmen charles l. hutchinson ( trustee , treasurer and donor of hutchinson commons ) , martin a. ryerson ( president of the board of trustees and donor of the ryerson physical laboratory ) adolphus clay bartlett and leon mandel , who funded the construction of the gymnasium and assembly hall , and george c. walker of the walker museum , a relative of cobb who encouraged his inaugural donation for facilities .
chris keates , the general secretary of national association of schoolmasters union of women teachers , said that teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent should not be placed on the sex offenders register and that prosecution for statutory rape " is a real anomaly in the law that we are concerned about . "
faulting and other deformational processes result in the creation of topographic gradients , causing material on the rock unit that is increasing in elevation to be eroded by hillslopes and channels .
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health .
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai .
the city has an extensive neoclassical centre referred to as tyneside classical largely developed in the 1830s by richard grainger and john dobson , and recently extensively restored .
his translation of the bible into the vernacular ( instead of latin ) made it more accessible , which had a tremendous impact on the church and german culture .
there is an extensive series of river systems in victoria .
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 .
phagocytosis is an important feature of cellular innate immunity performed by cells called 'phagocytes ' that engulf , or eat , pathogens or particles .
abercrombie saved something from the disaster when he sent john bradstreet on an expedition that successfully destroyed fort frontenac , including caches of supplies destined for new france 's western forts and furs destined for europe .
areas covered by conservator 's work include " preventive " conservation this includes : performing surveys , assessments and providing advice on the handling of items , correct packaging , mounting and handling procedures during movement and display to reduce risk of damaging objects .
a prime number ( or a prime ) is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself .
it has bachelor 's degree programs in visual arts , music , and art history , and , more recently , cinema & media studies ( 1996 ) and theater & performance studies ( 2002 ) .
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast .
the megaregion 's area is more expansive , extending east into las vegas , nevada , and south across the mexican border into tijuana .
the ipcc fourth assessment report ( ar4 ) published in 2007 featured a graph showing 12 proxy based temperature reconstructions , including the three highlighted in the 2001 third assessment report ( tar ) ; mann , bradley & hughes 1999 as before , jones et al .
since 1963 , the festival of the arts ( fota ) takes over campus for 7–10 days of exhibitions and interactive artistic endeavors .
they help transfer and dissipate excess energy , and their bright colors sometimes override the chlorophyll green , like during the fall , when the leaves of some land plants change color .
the modern bubonic plague has a mortality rate of 30–75 % and symptoms including fever of 38–41 °c ( 100–106 °f ) , headaches , painful aching joints , nausea and vomiting , and a general feeling of malaise .
the force , therefore , is related directly to the difference in potential energy between two different locations in space , and can be considered to be an artifact of the potential field in the same way that the direction and amount of a flow of water can be considered to be an artifact of the contour map of the elevation of an area .
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida .
users typically connected via dial-up connections or dedicated async connections .
recent concerns about fuel sources and pollution have incited a renewed interest in steam both as a component of cogeneration processes and as a prime mover .
it was first established in 1988 by two united nations organizations , the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) and the united nations environment programme ( unep ) , and later endorsed by the united nations general assembly through resolution 43/53 .
after he died , his body was returned to mongolia and presumably to his birthplace in khentii aimag , where many assume he is buried somewhere close to the onon river and the burkhan khaldun mountain ( part of the kentii mountain range ) .
in 1599 the british east india company was established and was chartered by queen elizabeth in the following year .
prevenient grace allows those tainted by sin to nevertheless make a truly free choice to accept or reject god 's salvation in christ .
by december 25 , japan was considered an arab-friendly state .
they are bounded by four membranes , but the membranes are not connected to the endoplasmic reticulum .
unlike conventional cilia and flagella , which has a filament structure arranged in a 9 + 2 pattern , these cilia are arranged in a 9 + 3 pattern , where the extra compact filament is suspected to have a supporting function .
under the norman abbot robert de grantmesnil , several monks of saint-evroul fled to southern italy , where they were patronised by robert guiscard and established a latin monastery at sant'eufemia .
euclid also showed how to construct a perfect number from a mersenne prime .
the university operates 12 research institutes and 113 research centers on campus .
as interesting examples of expositions the most notable are : the world 's first museum of posters boasting one of the largest collections of art posters in the world , museum of hunting and riding and the railway museum .
it meets each six months and its president ( currently former poland prime minister donald tusk ) is meant to 'drive forward its work ' , but it does not itself 'legislative functions ' .
engineers working for the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company reported to george westinghouse that tesla had a viable ac motor and related power system — something for which westinghouse had been trying to secure patents .
this improved response is then retained after the pathogen has been eliminated , in the form of an immunological memory , and allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered .
when the town council asked luther to return , he decided it was his duty to act .
the airport handles over five million passengers per year , and is the tenth largest , and the fastest growing regional airport in the uk , expecting to reach 10 million passengers by 2016 , and 15 million by 2030. as of 2007 [ update ] , over 90 destinations are available worldwide .
reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation .
euglenophyte chloroplasts have three membranes—it is thought that the membrane of the primary endosymbiont was lost , leaving the cyanobacterial membranes , and the secondary host 's phagosomal membrane .
some priests and former religious had already married , including andreas karlstadt and justus jonas , but luther 's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage .
on october 19 , 2005 , abc announced the restructuring of the group into six divisions : entertainment communications , communications resources , kids communications , news communications , corporate communications , and international communications .
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states .
a publicly accessible database has been established for the cataloguing of epitopes from pathogens known to be recognizable by b cells .
oxygen was liquified in stable state for the first time on march 29 , 1883 by polish scientists from jagiellonian university , zygmunt wróblewski and karol olszewski .
as a result , abc and disney 's first television collaboration ended in 1961 ( the network would resume its relationship with disney in 1985 , when the anthology series returned to the network for a three-season run as the disney sunday movie until it lost the rights to nbc again in 1988 ; the disney anthology series would return to abc in 1996 , following the company 's purchase of the future capital cities/abc , as the wonderful world of disney ) .
henry ware was elected to the chair in 1805 , and the liberal samuel webber was appointed to the presidency of harvard two years later , which signaled the changing of the tide from the dominance of traditional ideas at harvard to the dominance of liberal , arminian ideas ( defined by traditionalists as unitarian ideas ) .
the mouth of the rhine into lake constance forms an inland delta .
when suffering from sleep deprivation , active immunizations may have a diminished effect and may result in lower antibody production , and a lower immune response , than would be noted in a well-rested individual .
these stages were called expansions , with double and triple expansion engines being common , especially in shipping where efficiency was important to reduce the weight of coal carried .
temüjin was probably born in 1162 in delüün boldog , near burkhan khaldun mountain and the onon and kherlen rivers in modern-day northern mongolia , not far from the current capital ulaanbaatar .
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in .
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute .
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people .
the writers guild of america strike that halted production of network programs for much of the 2007–08 season affected the network in 2007–08 and 2008–09 , as various abc shows that premiered in 2007 , such as dirty sexy money , pushing daisies , eli stone and samantha who ? , did not live to see a third season ; other series such as boston legal and the u.s. version of life on mars suffered from low viewership , despite the former , a spin off of the practice , being a once-highlighted breakout series when it debuted in 2005. one of the network 's strike-replacement programs during that time was the game show duel , which premiered in december 2007. the program would become a minor success for the network during its initial six-episode run , which led abc to renew duel as a regular series starting in april 2008. however , duel suffered from low viewership during its run as a regular series , and abc canceled the program after sixteen episodes .
corporal punishment in american schools is administered to the seat of the student 's trousers or skirt with a specially made wooden paddle .
huguenot refugees flocked to shoreditch , london .
several d & b contractors present different ideas about how to accomplish these goals .
when he was criticised for inserting the word " alone " after " faith " in romans 3:28 , he replied in part : " [ t ] he text itself and the meaning of st. paul urgently require and demand it .
abu al-rayhan al-biruni ( 973–1048 ce ) was one of the earliest persian geologists , whose works included the earliest writings on the geology of india , hypothesizing that the indian subcontinent was once a sea .
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away .
in 1933 , out of 1,178,914 inhabitants 833,500 were of polish mother tongue .
the panthers backfield featured pro bowl running back jonathan stewart , who led the team with 989 rushing yards and six touchdowns in 13 games , along with pro bowl fullback mike tolbert , who rushed for 256 yards and caught 18 passes for another 154 yards .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness .
after the sixth sermon , the wittenberg jurist jerome schurf wrote to the elector : " oh , what joy has dr. martin 's return spread among us !
the medium of education is english , but as a compulsory subject , nepali and/or the state 's official language is also taught .
the judicial council is the highest court in the denomination .
in may 2012 , the united methodist church entered into full communion with the african methodist episcopal church , african methodist episcopal zion church , african union methodist protestant church , christian methodist episcopal church , and union american methodist episcopal church , in which these churches agreed to " recognize each other 's churches , share sacraments , and affirm their clergy and ministries . "
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped .
the first direct elections for native kenyans to the legislative council took place in 1957. despite british hopes of handing power to " moderate " local rivals , it was the kenya african national union ( kanu ) of jomo kenyatta that formed a government .
one of the rarest items in the collection is the 58 cm high gloucester candlestick , dated to c1110 , made from gilt bronze ; with highly elaborate and intricate intertwining branches containing small figures and inscriptions , it is a tour de force of bronze casting .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
it is a single-step , 5-cylinder engine ( no compound ) with superheated steam and consumes approx .
tesla believed that the league of nations was not a remedy for the times and issues .
as of the census of 2000 , there were 427,652 people , 140,079 households , and 97,915 families residing in the city .
late nights feature the weeknight talk show jimmy kimmel live ! .
i feel i did the right thing by violating this particular law ; i am guilty as charged , " but that pleading not guilty sends a message of , " guilt implies wrong-doing .
salvation originates with the father and draws the believer to the father .
air did not play a role in phlogiston theory , nor were any initial quantitative experiments conducted to test the idea ; instead , it was based on observations of what happens when something burns , that most common objects appear to become lighter and seem to lose something in the process .
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue .
the rhine bridge at arnhem , immortalized in the book , a bridge too far and the film , was a central focus of the battle for arnhem , during the failed operation market garden of september 1944. the bridges at nijmegen , over the waal distributary of the rhine , were also an objective of operation market garden .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
the quantitative answer to this particular problem instance is of little use for solving other instances of the problem , such as asking for a round trip through all sites in milan whose total length is at most 10 km .
by the races of highest 'social efficiency ' " .
the book of discipline of the united methodist church directs the local church to offer membership preparation or confirmation classes to all people , including adults .
packets are normally forwarded by intermediate network nodes asynchronously using first-in , first-out buffering , but may be forwarded according to some scheduling discipline for fair queuing , traffic shaping , or for differentiated or guaranteed quality of service , such as weighted fair queuing or leaky bucket .
in 1995 the factory was purchased by the south korean car manufacturer daewoo , which assembled the tico , espero , nubia , tacuma , leganza , lanos and matiz there for the european market .
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
six soundtrack releases have been released since 2005. the first featured tracks from the first two series , the second and third featured music from the third and fourth series respectively .
the mongol empire practiced religious tolerance because mongol tradition had long held that religion was a personal concept , and not subject to law or interference .
teu articles 4 and 5 state that powers remain with the member states unless they have been conferred , although there is a debate about the kompetenz-kompetenz question : who ultimately has the " competence " to define the eu 's " competence " .
governor jennings declare martial law and sent the state militia to maintain order .
chloroplasts are only found in plants and algae .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
kearney park is the largest of the fresno region 's park system and is home to historic kearney mansion and plays host to the annual civil war revisited , the largest reenactment of the civil war in the west coast of the u.s .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
the prince of płock , bolesław ii of masovia , established this settlement , the modern-day warsaw , in about 1300. in the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the dukes of masovia , becoming the official capital of masovian duchy in 1413 .
each granum can contain anywhere from two to a hundred thylakoids , though grana with 10–20 thylakoids are most common .
because the haptophyte chloroplast has four membranes , tertiary endosymbiosis would be expected to create a six membraned chloroplast , adding the haptophyte 's cell membrane and the dinophyte 's phagosomal vacuole .
in england , it was not until 1823 that the medieval epidemic was first called the black death .
he concentrated on the church in the electorate of saxony , acting only as an adviser to churches in new territories , many of which followed his saxon model .
the former midlothian county buildings facing parliament square , high street and george iv bridge in edinburgh ( originally built as the headquarters of the pre-1975 midlothian county council ) housed the parliament 's visitors ' centre and shop , whilst the main hall was used as the parliament 's principal committee room .
in may 2000 , the parliament was temporarily relocated to the former strathclyde regional council debating chamber in glasgow , and to the university of aberdeen in may 2002 .
convening the parliamentary bureau , which allocates time and sets the work agenda in the chamber , is another of the roles of the presiding officer .
he was persuaded to sail a shipment of coal to newcastle by merchants plotting to ruin him ; however his shipment arrived on the tyne during a strike that had crippled local production ; unexpectedly he made a considerable profit .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt .
the new office of the pm will have power and authority to co-ordinate and supervise the functions of the government and will be occupied by an elected mp who will be the leader of the party or coalition with majority members in parliament .
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount .
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series .
" merciful god , what misery i have seen , " luther wrote , " the common people knowing nothing at all of christian doctrine ... and unfortunately many pastors are well-nigh unskilled and incapable of teaching . "
pro bowl linebacker von miller led the team with 11 sacks , forced four fumbles , and recovered three .
likewise , a protestor who attempts to escape punishment by committing the crime covertly and avoiding attribution , or by denying having committed the crime , or by fleeing the jurisdiction , is generally viewed as not being a civil disobedient .
among the most well-known experiments in structural geology are those involving orogenic wedges , which are zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries .
the mallee and upper wimmera are victoria 's warmest regions with hot winds blowing from nearby semi-deserts .
abu al-qasim al-zahrawi ( abulcasis ) ( 936–1013 ) pioneered the preparation of medicines by sublimation and distillation .
saudi arabia and iran became increasingly dependent on american security assurances to manage both external and internal threats , including increased military competition between them over increased oil revenues .
as he studied these portions of the bible , he came to view the use of terms such as penance and righteousness by the catholic church in new ways .
the racial makeup of the city was 50.2 % white , 8.4 % black or african american , 1.6 % native american , 11.2 % asian ( about a third of which is hmong ) , 0.1 % pacific islander , 23.4 % from other races , and 5.2 % from two or more races .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
with a population of 3,792,621 , los angeles is the most populous city in california and the second most populous in the united states .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
on may 1 , 1953 , abc 's new york city flagship stations – wjz , wjz-fm and wjz-tv – changed their respective callsigns to wabc , wabc-fm and wabc-tv , and moved their operations to facilities at 7 west 66th street , one block away from central park .
this was the first fumble return touchdown in a super bowl since super bowl xxviii at the end of the 1993 season .
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
this is similar to the 1988 continuation of mission impossible , but differs from most other series relaunches which have either been reboots ( for example , battlestar galactica and bionic woman [ citation needed ] ) or set in the same universe as the original but in a different time period and with different characters ( for example , star trek : the next generation and spin-offs [ citation needed ] ) .
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment .
the essence is there are three readings , starting with a commission proposal , where the parliament must vote by a majority of all meps ( not just those present ) to block or suggest changes , and the council must vote by qualified majority to approve changes , but by unanimity to block commission amendment .
this is called antigenic variation .
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season .
tesla claimed to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy that he started working on in 1892 , and in 1937 , at age 81 , claimed in a letter to have completed a " dynamic theory of gravity " that " [ would ] put an end to idle speculations and false conceptions , as that of curved space . "
in addition to using 30 % less steam , it provided more uniform speed due to variable steam cut off , making it well suited to manufacturing , especially cotton spinning .
at the same time the mongols imported central asian muslims to serve as administrators in china , the mongols also sent han chinese and khitans from china to serve as administrators over the muslim population in bukhara in central asia , using foreigners to curtail the power of the local peoples of both lands .
new athletes gained attention , such as pamela jelimo , the women 's 800m gold medalist who went ahead to win the iaaf golden league jackpot , and samuel wanjiru who won the men 's marathon .
bielany forest , located within the borders of warsaw , is the remaining part of the masovian primeval forest .
the ming founder zhu yuanzhang had muslim generals like lan yu who rebelled against the mongols and defeated them in combat .
the hymn functioned both as a liturgical setting of the lord 's prayer and as a means of examining candidates on specific catechism questions .
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
in what are by kenyan standards unprecedented revelations , in 2010 , credible claims of corruption were made with regard to recruitment and procurement of armoured personnel carriers .
most of them were destroyed in the aftermath of the warsaw uprising of 1944. after the war , the new communist authorities of poland discouraged church construction and only a small number were rebuilt .
southern california consists of one of the more varied collections of geologic , topographic , and natural ecosystem landscapes in a diversity outnumbering other major regions in the state and country .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
soon after börte 's marriage to temüjin , she was kidnapped by the merkits and reportedly given away as a wife .
sports programming is also provided on some weekend afternoons at any time from 12:00 to 6:00 p.m. eastern time ( 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. pacific ) and , during college football season , during prime time on saturday nights as part of the saturday night football package .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
the neighborhood is traditionally considered to be the center of fresno 's african-american community .
warsaw 's first stock exchange was established in 1817 and continued trading until world war ii .
the electromagnetic force acts between electric charges , and the gravitational force acts between masses .
the shape of the rhine delta is determined by two bifurcations : first , at millingen aan de rijn , the rhine splits into waal and pannerdens kanaal , which changes its name to nederrijn at angeren , and second near arnhem , the ijssel branches off from the nederrijn .
he noted that air rushed in when he opened the container , which indicated that part of the trapped air had been consumed .
the war of the austrian succession ( whose north american theater is known as king george 's war ) formally ended in 1748 with the signing of the treaty of aix-la-chapelle .
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves .
kenya obtained independence in december 1963. following a referendum in august 2010 and adoption of a new constitution , kenya is now divided into 47 semi-autonomous counties , governed by elected governors .
tesla went to maribor ( now in slovenia ) , where he worked as a draftsman for 60 florins a month .
fertilization is generally external , although platyctenids ' eggs are fertilized inside their parents ' bodies and kept there until they hatch .
the result indicates that the rainforest could be threatened though the 21st century by climate change in addition to deforestation .
the " west side " of fresno , also often called " southwest fresno " , is one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city .
other shopping destinations in newcastle include grainger street and the area around grey 's monument , the relatively modern eldon garden and monument mall complexes , the newgate centre , central arcade and the traditional grainger market .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
controlled , experimental studies exploring intrinsic motivation of college students has shown that nonverbal expressions of enthusiasm , such as demonstrative gesturing , dramatic movements which are varied , and emotional facial expressions , result in college students reporting higher levels of intrinsic motivation to learn .
in 1066 , duke william ii of normandy conquered england killing king harold ii at the battle of hastings .
a study in england showed a 0.3 % prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional , a group that included priests , religious leaders , and case workers as well as teachers .
al-muwaffaq ’ s contributions in the field are also pioneering .
tesla 's friend , julian hawthorne , wrote , " seldom did one meet a scientist or engineer who was also a poet , a philosopher , an appreciator of fine music , a linguist , and a connoisseur of food and drink .
complicated cases are referred to clinical officers , medical officers and medical practitioners .
in case of the ozone depletion global regulation based on the montreal protocol has been successful , in case of climate change , the kyoto protocol failed .
his theology challenged the authority and office of the pope by teaching that the bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge from god and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all baptized christians to be a holy priesthood .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
the combined wealth of the " 10 million dollar millionaires " grew to nearly $ 41 trillion in 2008. a january 2014 report by oxfam claims that the 85 wealthiest individuals in the world have a combined wealth equal to that of the bottom 50 % of the world 's population , or about 3.5 billion people .
genghis khan ordered subutai and jebe to hunt him down , giving them 20,000 men and two years to do this .
in some groups , such as the flat , bottom-dwelling platyctenids , the juveniles behave more like true larvae , as they live among the plankton and thus occupy a different ecological niche from their parents and attain the adult form by a more radical metamorphosis , after dropping to the sea-floor .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
the enforcement of the ban on the 95 theses fell to the secular authorities .
under the standing orders of the parliament the bureau consists of the presiding officer and one representative from each political parties with five or more seats in the parliament .
westinghouse also hired tesla for one year for the large fee of $ 2,000 ( $ 52,700 in today 's dollars ) per month to be a consultant at the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company 's pittsburgh labs .
however , kgo-tv in san francisco , which had received its license prior to the freeze , made its debut on may 5 , 1949. on may 7 , 1949 , billboard revealed that abc had proposed an investment of $ 6.25 million , of which it would spend $ 2.5 million to convert 20 acres ( 80,937 m2 ) of land in hollywood into what would become the prospect studios , and construct a transmitter on mount wilson , in anticipation of the launch of keca-tv , which was scheduled to begin operations on august 1 ( but would not actually sign on until september 16 ) .
this basin encompasses 7,000,000 square kilometres ( 2,700,000 sq mi ) , of which 5,500,000 square kilometres ( 2,100,000 sq mi ) are covered by the rainforest .
interestingly while contemporary reports account of mass burial pits being created in response to the large numbers of dead , recent scientific investigations of a burial pit in central london found well-preserved individuals to be buried in isolated , evenly spaced graves , suggesting at least some pre-planning and christian burials at this time .
prior to european settlement , the area now constituting victoria was inhabited by a large number of aboriginal peoples , collectively known as the koori .
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities .
the broncos ' decision to wear white meant the panthers would wear their standard home uniform : black jerseys with silver pants .
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism .
a problem x is hard for a class of problems c if every problem in c can be reduced to x. thus no problem in c is harder than x , since an algorithm for x allows us to solve any problem in c. of course , the notion of hard problems depends on the type of reduction being used .
during periods of lower global temperatures , snow and rain from that evaporated water tends to be higher in oxygen-16 , and the seawater left behind tends to be higher in oxygen-18 .
for a long time , number theory in general , and the study of prime numbers in particular , was seen as the canonical example of pure mathematics , with no applications outside of the self-interest of studying the topic with the exception of use of prime numbered gear teeth to distribute wear evenly .
even before the edict of alès ( 1629 ) , protestant rule was dead and the ville de sûreté was no more .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
the initial lm model weighed approximately 33,300 pounds ( 15,100 kg ) , and allowed surface stays up to around 34 hours .
in his many notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon , he attributed the skin damage to various causes .
westinghouse convinced tesla to release his company from the licensing agreement over tesla 's ac patents in exchange for westinghouse electric purchasing the patents for a lump sum payment of $ 216,000 ; this provided westinghouse a break from what , due to alternating current 's rapid gain in popularity , had turned out to be an overly generous $ 2.50 per ac horsepower royalty .
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary .
examples include the huguenot district and french church street in cork city ; and d'olier street in dublin , named after a high sheriff and one of the founders of the bank of ireland .
scarcity was addressed by rationing ( as in many countries ) .
chloroplastidan chloroplasts have lost the peptidoglycan wall between their double membrane , and have replaced it with an intermembrane space .
in september 1958 , bank of america launched a new product called bankamericard in fresno .
a mere half decade later the tract had 267 homes .
this government adopted the traditional chinese tripartite division of authority among civil , military , and censorial offices , including the central secretariat ( zhongshu sheng ) to manage civil affairs , the privy council ( chinese : 樞密院 ) to manage military affairs , and the censorate to conduct internal surveillance and inspection .
still , the denomination is pro-choice and also " was a founding member of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ... [ and ] 2008 general conference [ went ] on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice " .
alternatively , glucose monomers in the chloroplast can be linked together to make starch , which accumulates into the starch grains found in the chloroplast .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
martin luther married katharina von bora , one of 12 nuns he had helped escape from the nimbschen cistercian convent in april 1523 , when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels .
small subunit ribosomal rnas in several chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts lack motifs for shine-dalgarno sequence recognition , which is considered essential for translation initiation in most chloroplasts and prokaryotes .
sophomore , junior , and senior undergraduates live in twelve residential houses , nine of which are south of harvard yard along or near the charles river .
euglenophytes are a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga .
audio versions of all of the lost episodes exist from home viewers who made tape recordings of the show .
immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections .
seamans ' establishment of an ad-hoc committee headed by his special technical assistant nicholas e. golovin in july 1961 , to recommend a launch vehicle to be used in the apollo program , represented a turning point in nasa 's mission mode decision .
the construction of highways led residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs .
in the late 17th century , robert boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion .
this renewal of hostilities in the arab–israeli conflict released the underlying economic pressure on oil prices .
later in life , tesla made claims concerning a " teleforce " weapon after studying the van de graaff generator .
in 1870 , tesla moved to karlovac , to attend school at the higher real gymnasium , where he was profoundly influenced by a math teacher martin sekulić .
norwood had not done so , and with no resistance around him , he took off for a super bowl record 61-yard return before mario addison dragged him down on the panthers 14-yard line .
he often accompanied the sung hymns with a lute , later recreated as the waldzither that became a national instrument of germany in the 20th century .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
the scotland act 2012 extends the devolved competencies .
tesla held that , with his circuits , the " instrument will ... enable one to generate roentgen rays of much greater power than obtainable with ordinary apparatus . "
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain .
the colorado experiments had prepared tesla for the establishment of the trans-atlantic wireless telecommunications facility known as wardenclyffe near shoreham , long island .
the climate is cooler in the savannah grasslands around the capital city , nairobi , and especially closer to mount kenya , which has snow permanently on its peaks .
the conference was held at the lovely lane methodist church , considered the mother church of american methodism .
this also led luther to reject the idea of torments for the saints : " it is enough for us to know that souls do not leave their bodies to be threatened by the torments and punishments of hell , but enter a prepared bedchamber in which they sleep in peace . "
accordingly , the term odd prime refers to any prime number greater than 2. similarly , when written in the usual decimal system , all prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1 , 3 , 7 , or 9 , since even numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5 .
as a result of the russo-japanese war in 1905 , japan took part of sakhalin island from russia .
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union .
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) .
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall .
aken , adopted by mexican movie actress lupe mayorga , grew up in the neighboring town of madera and his song chronicled the hardships faced by the migrant farm workers he saw as a child .
even before washington returned , dinwiddie had sent a company of 40 men under william trent to that point , where in the early months of 1754 they began construction of a small stockaded fort .
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver .
he became convinced that the church was corrupt in its ways and had lost sight of what he saw as several of the central truths of christianity .
professional and labor organizations may limit the supply of workers which results in higher demand and greater incomes for members .
the logo also deviates from the template by featuring large numerals , colored in gold , behind the vince lombardi trophy , instead of underneath and in silver as in the standard logo .
in 1962 , graphic designer paul rand redesigned the abc logo into its best-known ( and current ) form , with the lowercase letters " abc " enclosed in a single black circle .
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized .
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup .
kenya has proven deposits of oil in turkana and the commercial viability was just discovered .
most of these events are centred on melbourne , but others occur in regional cities , such as the v8 supercars and australian motorcycle grand prix at phillip island , the grand annual steeplechase at warrnambool and the australian international airshow at geelong and numerous local festivals such as the popular port fairy folk festival , queenscliff music festival , bells beach surfclassic and the bright autumn festival .
because it expressed essential reformation doctrine , this expanded version of " aus tiefer not " was designated as a regular component of several regional lutheran liturgies and was widely used at funerals , including luther 's own .
on 13 june 1525 , the couple was engaged with johannes bugenhagen , justus jonas , johannes apel , philipp melanchthon and lucas cranach the elder and his wife as witnesses .
following bskyb 's 2014 acquisition of sky italia and a majority 90.04 % interest in sky deutschland in november 2014 , its holding company british sky broadcasting group plc changed its name to sky plc .
tesla spent over $ 2,000 , including building a device that comfortably supported her so her bones could heal , to fix her broken wing and leg .
rather , nk cells destroy compromised host cells , such as tumor cells or virus-infected cells , recognizing such cells by a condition known as " missing self . "
steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines , with shipping in the 20th-century relying upon the steam turbine .
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
oxygen gas can also be produced through electrolysis of water into molecular oxygen and hydrogen .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
like many cities in central and eastern europe , infrastructure in warsaw suffered considerably during its time as an eastern bloc economy – though it is worth mentioning that the initial three-year plan to rebuild poland ( especially warsaw ) was a major success , but what followed was very much the opposite .
some scholars , such as mark u. edwards in his book luther 's last battles : politics and polemics 1531–46 ( 1983 ) , suggest that since luther 's increasingly antisemitic views developed during the years his health deteriorated , it is possible they were at least partly the product of a declining state of mind .
bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlviii halftime show , and mark ronson also performed .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
saudi arabia and iran became increasingly dependent on american security assurances to manage both external and internal threats , including increased military competition between them over increased oil revenues .
normally , the presiding officer tries to achieve a balance between different viewpoints and political parties when selecting members to speak .
a b cell identifies pathogens when antibodies on its surface bind to a specific foreign antigen .
one in five of all the bird species in the world live in the rainforests of the amazon , and one in five of the fish species live in amazonian rivers and streams .
masking antigens with host molecules is another common strategy for avoiding detection by the immune system .
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey .
the largest share of kenya 's electricity supply comes from hydroelectric stations at dams along the upper tana river , as well as the turkwel gorge dam in the west .
in 1916 the college moved to what is now the site of fresno city college one-half mile north of the tower district .
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage .
pathogens can rapidly evolve and adapt , and thereby avoid detection and neutralization by the immune system ; however , multiple defense mechanisms have also evolved to recognize and neutralize pathogens .
throughout the 1980s and 1990s , demand for a scottish parliament grew , in part because the government of the united kingdom was controlled by the conservative party , while scotland itself elected relatively few conservative mps .
the north-eastern regions along the border with somalia and ethiopia are arid and semi-arid areas with near-desert landscapes .
they joined the patriots , dallas cowboys , and pittsburgh steelers as one of four teams that have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
wealth concentration is a theoretical [ according to whom ? ]
in a similar manner , the character of oliver on coupling ( created and written by current show runner steven moffat ) is portrayed as a doctor who collector and enthusiast .
notable companions from the earlier series included romana ( mary tamm and lalla ward ) , a time lady ; sarah jane smith ( elisabeth sladen ) ; and jo grant ( katy manning ) .
the history of the steam engine stretches back as far as the first century ad ; the first recorded rudimentary steam engine being the aeolipile described by greek mathematician hero of alexandria .
rocks at the depth to be ductilely stretched are often also metamorphosed .
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity .
most of its population is concentrated in the area surrounding port phillip bay , which includes the metropolitan area of its capital and largest city , melbourne , which is australia 's second-largest city .
members of the police and the armed forces are disqualified from sitting in the scottish parliament as elected msps , and similarly , civil servants and members of foreign legislatures are disqualified .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
a bridge was built across the tyne , between newcastle and gateshead , and opened by queen elizabeth ii in 1981. the network is operated by db regio on behalf of nexus and carries over 37 million passengers a year , extending as far as newcastle airport , tynemouth , south shields and south hylton in sunderland .
however , a distinct lymphocyte-derived molecule has been discovered in primitive jawless vertebrates , such as the lamprey and hagfish .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
many han chinese and khitan defected to the mongols to fight against the jin .
in response to demands for a german liturgy , luther wrote a german mass , which he published in early 1526. he did not intend it as a replacement for his 1523 adaptation of the latin mass but as an alternative for the " simple people " , a " public stimulation for people to believe and become christians . "
kenya is usually classified as a frontier market or occasionally an emerging market , but it is not one of the least developed countries .
the soulages collection of italian and french renaissance objects was acquired between 1859 and 1865 , and includes several cassone .
however , after lenin 's death , joseph stalin established 'socialism in one country ' for the soviet union , creating the model for subsequent inward looking stalinist states and purging the early internationalist elements .
as of 2012 , quality private schools in the united states charged substantial tuition , close to $ 40,000 annually for day schools in new york city , and nearly $ 50,000 for boarding schools .
two million wildebeest migrate a distance of 2,900 kilometres ( 1,802 mi ) from the serengeti in neighbouring tanzania to the masai mara in kenya , in a constant clockwise fashion , searching for food and water supplies .
the rankine cycle is the fundamental thermodynamic underpinning of the steam engine .
by this definition , civil disobedience could be traced back to the book of exodus , where shiphrah and puah refused a direct order of pharaoh but misrepresented how they did it .
in february 1864 union forces left jacksonville and confronted a confederate army at the battle of olustee resulting in a confederate victory .
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports .
the commercialisation of the pigeon pea is now enabling some farmers to buy assets , ranging from mobile phones to productive land and livestock , and is opening pathways for them to move out of poverty .
the affiliate-syndicated saturday morning e/i block litton 's weekend aventure is also broadcast in hd , and was the first children 's program block on any u.s. broadcast network to feature programs available in the format upon its september 2011 debut .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
for the next three hundred years , scotland was directly governed by the parliament of great britain and the subsequent parliament of the united kingdom , both seated at westminster , and the lack of a parliament of scotland remained an important element in scottish national identity .
abc also owns the times square studios at 1500 broadway on land in times square owned by a development fund for the 42nd street project ; opened in 1999 , good morning america and nightline are broadcast from this particular facility .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
doctor who fandom has also been lampooned on programs such as saturday night live , the chaser 's war on everything , mystery science theater 3000 , family guy , american dad ! , futurama , south park , community as inspector spacetime , the simpsons and the big bang theory .
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy .
for example , in his article , " a machine to end war " , published in 1937 , tesla stated :
the dispute erupted into violence in the battle of jumonville glen in may 1754 , during which virginia militiamen under the command of 22-year-old george washington ambushed a french patrol .
jim gray will anchor the pre-game and halftime coverage .
from 66–34 mya , the rainforest extended as far south as 45° .
he helped bring about ideas for many series including happy days ( which originated as a segment on the anthology series love , american style ) , as well as several soap operas ; however , eisner 's main credit at abc was for developing youth-oriented programming .
in his writings lenin portrayed imperialism as a natural extension of capitalism that arose from need for capitalist economies to constantly expand investment , material resources and manpower in such a way that necessitated colonial expansion .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
the united methodist church understands itself to be part of the holy catholic ( or universal ) church and it recognizes the historic ecumenical creeds , the apostle 's creed and the nicene creed ; which are used frequently in services of worship .
the largest decline in private school numbers occurred between 1979 and 1984 , when the nation 's then-private catholic school system integrated .
he received his master 's degree in 1505 .
this trend may be gradually reversing as consultant pharmacists begin to work directly with patients , primarily because many elderly people are now taking numerous medications but continue to live outside of institutional settings .
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations ( broadcasting either in analog or digital ) in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama ( wbma-ld ) , lima , ohio ( wlqp-lp ) and south bend , indiana ( wbnd-ld ) .
in the shallow crust , where brittle deformation can occur , thrust faults form , which cause deeper rock to move on top of shallower rock .
he opposed banning the publication of the qur'an , wanting it exposed to scrutiny .
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
in the genus beroe the juveniles , like the adults , lack tentacles and tentacle sheaths .
a growing cause of concern are that attacks on teachers in welsh schools which reached an all-time high between 2005 and 2010 .
chloroplasts can grow and progress through some of the constriction stages under poor quality green light , but are slow to complete division—they require exposure to bright white light to complete division .
in 1952 , following pressure from tesla 's nephew , sava kosanović , tesla 's entire estate was shipped to belgrade in 80 trunks marked n.t .
victorian farms produce nearly 90 % of australian pears and third of apples .
the river length is significantly shortened from the river 's natural course due to number of canalisation projects completed in the 19th and 20th century .
according to goldenson , this meant that an hour of abc programming reported five times lower viewership than its competitors .
zia-ul-haq was much more committed to islamism , and " islamization " or implementation of islamic law , became a cornerstone of his eleven-year military dictatorship and islamism became his " official state ideology " .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
to view the encrypted content a videoguard uk equipped receiver ( all of which are dedicated to the sky service , and can not be used to decrypt other services ) needs to be used .
tesla 's legacy has endured in books , films , radio , tv , music , live theater , comics and video games .
these plasma waves can occur in force-free magnetic fields .
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period .
specifically within the year 1636 , it is roughly estimated with evidence held by the society of antiquaries that 47 % of the then population of newcastle died from the epidemic ; this may also have been the most devastating loss in any british city in this period .
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences .
the arrested persons were found " guilty , " nevertheless , and given suspended sentences , conditional on their not reentering the test site grounds .
webb held firm , and issued a request for proposal to candidate lunar excursion module ( lem ) contractors .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
[ not in citation given ] it should be noted here however that in certain cases , with great economic inequality , there is nonetheless not more waste and pollution created as the waste/pollution is cleaned up better afterwards ( water treatment , filtering , ... ) ... . also note that the whole of the increase in environmental degradation is the result of the increase of emissions per person being multiplied by a multiplier .
in 1990 , thomas s. murphy delegated his position as president to daniel b. burke while remaining abc 's chairman and ceo .
errant members can be deselected as official party candidates during future elections , and , in serious cases , may be expelled from their parties outright .
the same report found that 3 % of the surveyed audience regarded the show as " very unsuitable " for family viewing .
the increasing use of technology , specifically the rise of the internet over the past decade , has begun to shape the way teachers approach their roles in the classroom .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
the rhine is the longest river in germany .
john paul ii 's visits to his native country in 1979 and 1983 brought support to the budding solidarity movement and encouraged the growing anti-communist fervor there .
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) .
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 .
on his 50th birthday in 1906 , tesla demonstrated his 200 horsepower ( 150 kilowatts ) 16,000 rpm bladeless turbine .
after the capital samarkand fell , the capital was moved to bukhara by the remaining men , while genghis khan ordered two of his generals and their forces to completely destroy the remnants of the khwarezmid empire , including not only royal buildings , but entire towns , populations , and even vast swaths of farmland .
like sponges and cnidarians , ctenophores have two main layers of cells that sandwich a middle layer of jelly-like material , which is called the mesoglea in cnidarians and ctenophores ; more complex animals have three main cell layers and no intermediate jelly-like layer .
the ipcc fourth assessment report ( ar4 ) published in 2007 featured a graph showing 12 proxy based temperature reconstructions , including the three highlighted in the 2001 third assessment report ( tar ) ; mann , bradley & hughes 1999 as before , jones et al .
in early 2009 , disney–abc television group merged abc entertainment and abc studios into a new division , abc entertainment group , which would be responsible for both its production and broadcasting operations .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
alternatively , using a type iii secretion system , they may insert a hollow tube into the host cell , providing a direct route for proteins to move from the pathogen to the host .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
the three-stage saturn v was designed to send a fully fueled csm and lm to the moon .
black 's law dictionary includes non-violence in its definition of civil disobedience .
the largest and southern main branch begins as waal and continues as boven merwede ( " upper merwede " ) , beneden merwede ( " lower merwede " ) , noord river ( " north river " ) , nieuwe maas ( " new meuse " ) , het scheur ( " the rip " ) and nieuwe waterweg ( " new waterway " ) .
for this , eck branded luther a new jan hus , referring to the czech reformer and heretic burned at the stake in 1415. from that moment , he devoted himself to luther 's defeat .
there was an attempt to withdraw the united methodist church membership in the religious coalition for reproductive choice at their general conference , held in may 2012 , with a petition that passed through the legislative subcommittee and committee votes , but was not given a floor vote .
in its focus on the caliphate , the party takes a different view of muslim history than some other islamists such as muhammad qutb .
euplokamis ' tentilla have three types of movement that are used in capturing prey : they may flick out very quickly ( in 40 to 60 milliseconds ) ; they can wriggle , which may lure prey by behaving like small planktonic worms ; and they coil round prey .
these kinds of programs presented abc with an image of the " philosophy of counterprogramming against its competitors " , offering a strong lineup of programs that contrasted with those seen on its rival networks , which helped goldenson give the network a continuum between film and television .
[ not in citation given ] it should be noted here however that in certain cases , with great economic inequality , there is nonetheless not more waste and pollution created as the waste/pollution is cleaned up better afterwards ( water treatment , filtering , ... ) ... . also note that the whole of the increase in environmental degradation is the result of the increase of emissions per person being multiplied by a multiplier .
on 15 june 1899 , tesla performed his first experiments at his colorado springs lab ; he recorded his initial spark length at five inches long , but very thick and noisy .
johann von staupitz , his superior , pointed luther 's mind away from continual reflection upon his sins toward the merits of christ .
one of the things tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887 was an induction motor that ran on alternating current , a power system format that was starting to be built in europe and the united states because of its advantages in long-distance , high-voltage transmission .
a rudimentary steam turbine device was described by taqi al-din in 1551 and by giovanni branca in 1629. jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont received patents in 1606 for fifty steam powered inventions , including a water pump for draining inundated mines .
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams .
tesla 's entire estate from the hotel new yorker and other new york city hotels was transported to the manhattan storage and warehouse company under the office of alien property ( oap ) seal .
exceptional examples of the bourgeois architecture of the later periods were not restored by the communist authorities after the war ( like mentioned kronenberg palace and insurance company rosja building ) or they were rebuilt in socialist realism style ( like warsaw philharmony edifice originally inspired by palais garnier in paris ) .
for instance , the time hierarchy theorem tells us that p is strictly contained in exptime , and the space hierarchy theorem tells us that l is strictly contained in pspace .
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 142 pounds ( 64 kg ) , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926.:292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities .
with its outstanding architectural monuments , the slopes full of vines , settlements crowded on the narrow river banks and scores of castles lined up along the top of the steep slopes , the middle rhine valley can be considered the epitome of the rhine romanticism .
once kennedy 's moon landing goal became official , detailed design began of a command/service module ( csm ) in which the crew would spend the entire direct-ascent mission and lift off from the lunar surface for the return trip , after being soft-landed by a larger landing propulsion module .
in 1564 a group of norman huguenots under the leadership of jean ribault established the small colony of fort caroline on the banks of the st. johns river in what is today jacksonville , florida .
by the pliocene period , the rhine had captured streams down to the vosges mountains , including the mosel , the main and the neckar .
some dinophytes , like kryptoperidinium and durinskia have a diatom ( heterokontophyte ) derived chloroplast .
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible .
it is often found in the chloroplasts of c4 plants , though it has also been found in some c3 angiosperms , and even some gymnosperms .
after the sixth sermon , the wittenberg jurist jerome schurf wrote to the elector : " oh , what joy has dr. martin 's return spread among us !
the city leaders opened the gates to the mongols , though a unit of turkish defenders held the city 's citadel for another twelve days .
there , he explored the mountains in hunter 's garb .
in the 20th century , the development of quantum mechanics led to a modern understanding that the first three fundamental forces ( all except gravity ) are manifestations of matter ( fermions ) interacting by exchanging virtual particles called gauge bosons .
the urban area is also host to an international metropolitan region in the form of san diego–tijuana , created by the urban area spilling over into baja california .
all um churches must have a board of trustees with at least three members and no more than nine members and it is recommended that no gender should hold more than a 2/3 majority .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir .
primes are used in several routines in information technology , such as public-key cryptography , which makes use of properties such as the difficulty of factoring large numbers into their prime factors .
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) .
in the words of the secretary general of the united nations ban ki-moon : " while economic growth is necessary , it is not sufficient for progress on reducing poverty . "
radio tyneside has been the voluntary hospital radio service for most hospitals across newcastle and gateshead since 1951 , broadcasting on hospedia and online .
iqbal expressed fears that not only would secularism and secular nationalism weaken the spiritual foundations of islam and muslim society , but that india 's hindu-majority population would crowd out muslim heritage , culture and political influence .
it is a unesco world heritage site ( 2002 ) and known as " the romantic rhine " , with more than 40 castles and fortresses from the middle ages and many quaint and lovely country villages .
considering that the great majority of worldwide electric generation is produced by turbine type steam engines , the " steam age " is continuing with energy levels far beyond those of the turn of the 19th century .
most norman knights remained poor and land-hungry , and by 1066 normandy had been exporting fighting horsemen for more than a generation .
he worked closely with the new elector , john the steadfast , to whom he turned for secular leadership and funds on behalf of a church largely shorn of its assets and income after the break with rome .
the heat is supplied externally to a closed loop with some of the heat added being converted to work and the waste heat being removed in a condenser .
watt 's ten-horsepower engines enabled a wide range of manufacturing machinery to be powered .
virgin media ( re-branded in 2007 from ntl : telewest ) started to offer a high-definition television ( hdtv ) capable set top box , although from 30 november 2006 until 30 july 2009 it only carried one linear hd channel , bbc hd , after the conclusion of the itv hd trial .
but two days out , a liquid oxygen tank exploded , disabling the service module and forcing the crew to use the lm as a " life boat " to return to earth .
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased .
gymnosperms do not require light to form chloroplasts .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
upon his arrival , he told reporters that he was conducting wireless telegraphy experiments , transmitting signals from pikes peak to paris .
the only jewish synagogue in the country is located in the capital , nairobi .
before the freeze ended in 1952 , there were only 108 existing television stations in the united states ; a few major cities ( such as boston ) had only two television stations , many other cities ( such as pittsburgh and st. louis ) had only one , and still many others ( such as denver and portland ) did not yet have any television service .
on the other hand , in the late 1980s the western atlantic ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the black sea and sea of azov via the ballast tanks of ships , and has been blamed for causing sharp drops in fish catches by eating both fish larvae and small crustaceans that would otherwise feed the adult fish .
for example , prime ideals in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields can be used in proving quadratic reciprocity , a statement that concerns the solvability of quadratic equations
however , the turf showed problem throughout the game , with a number of players needing to change their cleats during the game and player slipping during plays all throughout the game .
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion .
its most familiar effect is beta decay ( of neutrons in atomic nuclei ) and the associated radioactivity .
the aare more than doubles the rhine 's water discharge , to an average of nearly 1,000 m3/s ( 35,000 cu ft/s ) , and provides more than a fifth of the discharge at the dutch border .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) .
as of 2005 , there were about 667,000 firms employing 1 million contractors ( 200,000 general contractors , 38,000 heavy , and 432,000 specialty ) ; the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees .
a bbc audience research survey conducted in 1972 found that , by their own definition of violence ( " any act [ s ] which may cause physical and/or psychological injury , hurt or death to persons , animals or property , whether intentional or accidental " ) doctor who was the most violent of the drama programmes the corporation produced at the time .
there are different committees with their functions set out in different ways .
in crowded cities , it was not uncommon for as much as 50 % of the population to die .
some of the returned samples are of impact melt ( materials melted near an impact crater . )
in this work , one of his most emphatic statements on faith , he argued that every good work designed to attract god 's favor is a sin .
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species .
in the church of england 's calendar of saints he is commemorated on 31 october .
starting in 1965 , donald davies at the national physical laboratory , uk , independently developed the same message routing methodology as developed by baran .
after the sixth sermon , the wittenberg jurist jerome schurf wrote to the elector : " oh , what joy has dr. martin 's return spread among us !
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants .
some clergy offer healing services , while exorcism is an occasional practice by some clergy in the united methodist church in africa .
southern california 's economy is diverse and one of the largest in the united states .
petroleum accounts for 20 % to 25 % of the national import bill .
on april 29 , 1961 , abc debuted wide world of sports , an anthology series created by edgar scherick through his company sports programs , inc. and produced by a young roone arledge which featured a different sporting event each broadcast .
polish civilian deaths are estimated at between 150,000 and 200,000 .
in favorable circumstances , ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day .
connection-oriented transmission requires a setup phase in each involved node before any packet is transferred to establish the parameters of communication .
it was renamed abc motion pictures in 1979 ; the unit was dissolved in 1985. the studio also operated two subsidiaries , palomar pictures international and selmur pictures .
in 1998 , the metropolitan police authority filed an objection to the trade mark claim ; but in 2002 , the patent office ruled in favour of the bbc .
in 1939 , c. 1,300,000 people lived in warsaw , but in 1945 – only 420,000. during the first years after the war , the population growth was c. 6 % , so shortly the city started to suffer from the lack of flats and of areas for new houses .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
operating since 1793 and founded as a ‘ conversation club , ’ its lecture theatre was the first public building to be lit by electric light , during a lecture by joseph swan on 20 october 1880 .
one of the functions of specialized cells ( located in the thymus and bone marrow ) is to present young lymphocytes with self antigens produced throughout the body and to eliminate those cells that recognize self-antigens , preventing autoimmunity .
an example would be wbai 's broadcasting the track " filthy words " from a george carlin comedy album , which eventually led to the 1978 supreme court case of fcc v. pacifica foundation .
several sources say westinghouse was worried about potential bad publicity surrounding the impoverished conditions their former star inventor was living under .
as of march 2015 [ update ] , abc has eight owned-and-operated stations , and current and pending affiliation agreements with 235 additional television stations encompassing 49 states , the district of columbia , four u.s. possessions , bermuda and saba ; this makes abc the largest u.s. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates .
executive power is exercised by the government .
edward the confessor had set up the aforementioned ralph as earl of hereford and charged him with defending the marches and warring with the welsh .
one defendant accused of illegally protesting nuclear power , when asked to enter his plea , stated , " i plead for the beauty that surrounds us " ; this is known as a " creative plea , " and will usually be interpreted as a plea of not guilty .
on 6 november 1915 , a reuters news agency report from london had the 1915 nobel prize in physics awarded to thomas edison and nikola tesla ; however , on 15 november , a reuters story from stockholm stated the prize that year was being awarded to sir william henry bragg and william lawrence bragg " for their services in the analysis of crystal structure by means of x-rays .
janet gray and other supporters of the hypothesis suggest that the name huguenote would be roughly equivalent to little hugos , or those who want hugo .
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower .
non-combustion heat sources such as solar power , nuclear power or geothermal energy may be used .
an amnesty granted in 1573 pardoned the perpetrators .
the movement which would become the united methodist church began in the mid-18th century within the church of england .
the arrival of satellite television ended the need for abc to hold interests in other countries ; many governments also wanted to increase their independence and strengthen legislation to limit foreign ownership of broadcasting properties .
its saturn ib was allocated to the dual mission , now redesignated as-205/208 or as-258 , planned for august 1967. mcdivitt , scott and schweickart were promoted to the prime as-258 crew , and schirra , eisele and cunningham were reassigned as the apollo 1 backup crew .
nasa awarded all 32 of these astronauts its highest honor , the distinguished service medal , given for " distinguished service , ability , or courage " , and personal " contribution representing substantial progress to the nasa mission " .
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) .
in van gend en loos v nederlandse administratie der belastingen it was held that the provisions of the treaties ( and eu regulations ) are directly effective , if they are ( 1 ) clear and unambiguous ( 2 ) unconditional , and ( 3 ) did not require eu or national authorities to take further action to implement them .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
days later , still in 1851 gold was discovered near ballarat , and subsequently at bendigo .
it is likely that the 13th century mongolian pronunciation would have closely matched " chinggis " .
the colorado experiments had prepared tesla for the establishment of the trans-atlantic wireless telecommunications facility known as wardenclyffe near shoreham , long island .
its substance was very similar to the proposed constitutional treaty , but it was formally an amending treaty , and – though it significantly altered the existing treaties – it did not completely replace them .
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region .
in may , newcastle and gateshead host the evolution festival , a music festival held on the newcastle and gateshead quaysides over the spring bank holiday , with performances by acts from the world of rock , indie and dance music .
to secure further loans , westinghouse was forced to revisit tesla 's ac patent , which bankers considered a financial strain on the company ( at that point westinghouse had paid out an estimated $ 200,000 in licenses and royalties to tesla , brown , and peck ) .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
in 2005 , there were about 8 million members in over 34,000 congregations .
thus , in a market economy , inequality is a reflection of the productivity gap between highly-paid professions and lower-paid professions .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) .
local pastors are not required to have advanced degrees but are required to attend licensing school and attend and pass an approved five-year course of study at an approved united methodist seminary or course of study school , successfully complete written and oral examinations , and appear before the district committee on ministry and the conference board of ordained ministry .
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species .
the jewellery collection , containing over 6000 items is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world and includes works dating from ancient egypt to the present day , as well as jewellery designs on paper .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
in 1975 , season 11 of the series won a writers ' guild of great britain award for best writing in a children 's serial .
some construction workers in the us/canada have made more than $ 100,000 annually , depending on their trade .
unfortunately , the country has not attained the level of investment and efficiency in agriculture that can guarantee food security and coupled with resulting poverty ( 53 % of the population lives below the poverty line ) , a significant portion of the population regularly starves and is heavily dependent on food aid .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
university of chicago scholars have played a major role in the development of various academic disciplines , including : the chicago school of economics , the chicago school of sociology , the law and economics movement in legal analysis , the chicago school of literary criticism , the chicago school of religion , and the behavioralism school of political science .
for many years it was described as " semi-legal " and was the only opposition group in egypt able to field candidates during elections .
by january 18 , 1974 , us secretary of state henry kissinger had negotiated an israeli troop withdrawal from parts of the sinai peninsula .
steam engines are external combustion engines , where the working fluid is separate from the combustion products .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
however , as the reformation continued , luther began to lose hope in large-scale jewish conversion to christianity .
abc dominated the american television landscape during the 1970s and early 1980s ( by 1980 , the three major networks represented 90 % of all prime-time television viewership in the u.s. ) .
scouts had reported the weakness of the british supply chain , so he ordered an attack against the forts shirley had erected at the oneida carry .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
in robert michael 's view , luther 's words " we are at fault in not slaying them " amounted to a sanction for murder .
western areas of the coast region are mostly christian .
the court of justice held that mr steymann was entitled to stay , so long as there was at least an " indirect quid pro quo " for the work he did .
william pitt came to power and significantly increased british military resources in the colonies at a time when france was unwilling to risk large convoys to aid the limited forces it had in new france .
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman .
segal 's negotiations eventually led to a doctor who television film , broadcast on the fox network in 1996 as a co-production between fox , universal pictures , the bbc and bbc worldwide .
federal safety standards , such as nhtsa federal motor vehicle safety standard 215 ( pertaining to safety bumpers ) , and compacts like the 1974 mustang i were a prelude to the dot " downsize " revision of vehicle categories .
the combination of hermaphroditism and early reproduction enables small populations to grow at an explosive rate .
saudi arabia attempted to compensate for its loss of prestige among these groups by repressing those domestic islamists who attacked it ( bin laden being a prime example ) , and increasing aid to islamic groups ( islamist madrassas around the world and even aiding some violent islamist groups ) that did not , but its pre-war influence on behalf of moderation was greatly reduced .
two tourist railways operate over 760 mm ( 2 ft 6 in ) narrow gauge lines , which are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines which were built in mountainous areas .
confucius 's descendants in quzhou alone number 30,000. during the yuan dynasty , one of confucius ' descendants moved from china to goryeo era korea and established a branch of the family there after marrying a korean woman .
when asked where all the money had gone , tesla responded by saying that he was affected by the panic of 1901 , which he ( morgan ) had caused .
uk law only required £1 of capital to start a company , while denmark 's legislature took the view companies should only be started up if they had 200,000 danish krone ( around €27,000 ) to protect creditors if the company failed and went insolvent .
after a three-day investigation , trump 's report concluded that there was nothing which would constitute a hazard in unfriendly hands , stating :
they suggested a range of new organizational options , from tightening the selection of lead authors and contributors , to dumping it in favor of a small permanent body , or even turning the whole climate science assessment process into a moderated " living " wikipedia-ipcc .
two of the expeditions were successful , with fort duquesne and louisbourg falling to sizable british forces .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
in july 1977 , general zia-ul-haq overthrew prime minister zulfiqar ali bhutto 's regime in pakistan .
the museum is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the department for culture , media and sport .
aristotle provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force as an integral part of aristotelian cosmology .
while most chloroplasts originate from that first set of endosymbiotic events , paulinella chromatophora is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently .
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock .
in september 1958 , bank of america launched a new product called bankamericard in fresno .
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
his extremely influential books ( translated into many languages ) placed islam in a modern context , and influenced not only conservative ulema but liberal modernizer islamists such as al-faruqi , whose " islamization of knowledge " carried forward some of maududi 's key principles .
leopold kronenberg palace ) .
when the methodists in america were separated from the church of england , john wesley himself provided a revised version of the book of common prayer called the sunday service of the methodists in north america .
during his time at his lab , tesla observed unusual signals from his receiver which he concluded may be communications from another planet .
the contracted batch of 15 saturn vs were enough for lunar landing missions through apollo 20. nasa publicized a preliminary list of eight more planned landing sites , with plans to increase the mass of the csm and lm for the last five missions , along with the payload capacity of the saturn v. these final missions would combine the i and j types in the 1967 list , allowing the cmp to operate a package of lunar orbital sensors and cameras while his companions were on the surface , and allowing them to stay on the moon for over three days .
[ note 6 ] in 1978 a disco version of the theme was released in the uk , denmark and australia by the group mankind , which reached number 24 in the uk charts .
within the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts , commensal flora serve as biological barriers by competing with pathogenic bacteria for food and space and , in some cases , by changing the conditions in their environment , such as ph or available iron .
on july 23 , 1963 , webb announced mueller 's appointment as deputy associate administrator for manned space flight , to replace then associate administrator d. brainerd holmes on his retirement effective september 1. under webb 's reorganization , the directors of the manned spacecraft center ( gilruth ) marshall space flight center ( von braun ) and the launch operations center ( debus ) effectively reported to mueller .
in 1952 , following pressure from tesla 's nephew , sava kosanović , tesla 's entire estate was shipped to belgrade in 80 trunks marked n.t .
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " .
it includes canova 's the three graces , which the museum jointly owns with national galleries of scotland .
most species are hermaphrodites—a single animal can produce both eggs and sperm , meaning it can fertilize its own egg , not needing a mate .
uptake of o 2 from the air is the essential purpose of respiration , so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine .
he called it packet switching , a more accessible name than baran 's , and proposed to build a nationwide network in the uk .
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house .
as the andes mountains rose , however , a large basin was created that enclosed a lake ; now known as the solimões basin .
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus .
reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation .
these values are much greater than the 9–88 cm as projected by the ipcc itself in its third assessment report , published in 2001 " .
other immune system cells that are known to express cyp27b1 and thus activate vitamin d calcidiol , are dendritic cells , keratinocytes and macrophages .
where professional and labor organizations can not limit the number of workers ) the workers wages will not be controlled by these organizations , or by the employer , but rather by the market .
this term describes cells with low levels of a cell-surface marker called mhc i ( major histocompatibility complex ) – a situation that can arise in viral infections of host cells .
in the lungs , coughing and sneezing mechanically eject pathogens and other irritants from the respiratory tract .
presented to the scottish parliament by the queen upon its official opening in july 1999 , the mace is displayed in a glass case suspended from the lid .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
the wabc call letters were previously used by the flagship station of cbs radio ( now wcbs ( am ) ) until 1946. the wjz calls would later be reassigned to the then-abc affiliate in baltimore in 1959 , in an historical nod to the fact that wjz was originally established by the baltimore station 's owner at the time , westinghouse .
one of the most dramatic parts of the museum is the cast courts in the sculpture wing , comprising two large , skylighted rooms two storeys high housing hundreds of plaster casts of sculptures , friezes and tombs .
geographical theories such as environmental determinism also suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of european guidance .
in 1201 , a khuruldai elected jamukha as gür khan , " universal ruler " , a title used by the rulers of the qara khitai .
the word " weak " derives from the fact that the field strength is some 1013 times less than that of the strong force .
on teacher/course evaluations , it was found that teachers who have a positive disposition towards the course content tend to transfer their passion to receptive students .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
temperature extremes recorded at newcastle weather centre include 32.5 °c ( 90.5 °f ) during august 1990 down to −12.6 °c ( 9.3 °f ) during january 1982. in contrast to other areas influenced by the gulf stream , such as inland scandinavia , newcastle has milder winters and cooler summers , similar to the remainder of the british isles .
hank marvin and bruce welch were both former pupils of rutherford grammar school , actors charlie hunnam and james scott , entertainers ant and dec and international footballers michael carrick and alan shearer were born in newcastle .
professional athletes , especially in american football , also sometimes go off field between plays to wear oxygen masks in order to get a " boost " in performance .
rates of sea-level rise had dropped so far , that natural sedimentation by the rhine and coastal processes together , could compensate the transgression by the sea ; in the last 7000 years , the coast line was roughly at the same location .
new rochelle , located in the county of westchester on the north shore of long island sound , seemed to be the great location of the huguenots in new york .
a platted town was established there in 1822 , a year after the united states gained florida from spain ; it was named after andrew jackson , the first military governor of the florida territory and seventh president of the united states .
confucian scholars were attracted to the medical profession because it ensured a high income and medical ethics were compatible with confucian virtues .
the color was unofficially adopted ( in preference to magenta ) by an 1875 vote of the student body , although the association with some form of red can be traced back to 1858 , when charles william eliot , a young graduate student who would later become harvard 's 21st and longest-serving president ( 1869–1909 ) , bought red bandanas for his crew so they could more easily be distinguished by spectators at a regatta .
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river .
in addition to arguing that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic , sceptics of the bubonic plague theory point out that the symptoms of the black death are not unique ( and arguably in some accounts may differ from bubonic plague ) ; that transference via fleas in goods was likely to be of marginal significance ; and that the dna results may be flawed and might not have been repeated elsewhere , despite extensive samples from other mass graves .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
running back ronnie hillman also made a big impact with 720 yards , five touchdowns , 24 receptions , and a 4.7 yards per carry average .
hence most attention has until recently concentrated on three coastal genera – pleurobrachia , beroe and mnemiopsis .
meanwhile , denver 's offense was kept out of the end zone for three plays , but a holding penalty on cornerback josh norman gave the broncos a new set of downs .
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship .
using a cascade method , swiss chemist and physicist raoul pierre pictet evaporated liquid sulfur dioxide in order to liquefy carbon dioxide , which in turn was evaporated to cool oxygen gas enough to liquefy it .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
in addition to the general assembly hall , the parliament also used buildings rented from the city of edinburgh council .
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot .
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds .
the peridinin chloroplast is bounded by three membranes ( occasionally two ) , having lost the red algal endosymbiont 's original cell membrane .
the plague disease , caused by yersinia pestis , is enzootic ( commonly present ) in populations of fleas carried by ground rodents , including marmots , in various areas including central asia , kurdistan , western asia , northern india and uganda .
however , most electric power is generated using steam turbine plant , so that indirectly the world 's industry is still dependent on steam power .
a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time ( high supply ) competing for a job that few require ( low demand ) will result in a low wage for that job .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
sometimes the prosecution proposes a plea bargain to civil disobedients , as in the case of the camden 28 , in which the defendants were offered an opportunity to plead guilty to one misdemeanor count and receive no jail time .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
the ipcc does not carry out research nor does it monitor climate related data .
thus , in a market economy , inequality is a reflection of the productivity gap between highly-paid professions and lower-paid professions .
he believed that complete imitation of the prophet mohammad and his successors such as ali for restoration of sharia law was essential to islam , that many secular , westernizing muslims were actually agents of the west serving western interests , and that the acts such as " plundering " of muslim lands was part of a long-term conspiracy against islam by the western governments .
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water .
for example , female sex hormones are known immunostimulators of both adaptive and innate immune responses .
polonia 's home venue is located at konwiktorska street , a ten-minute walk north from the old town .
like much of the south atlantic region of the united states , jacksonville has a humid subtropical climate ( köppen cfa ) , with mild weather during winters and hot and humid weather during summers .
nestorianism and roman catholicism also enjoyed a period of toleration .
john g. trump , a professor at m.i.t .
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations .
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example .
on hearing the finished result , grainer asked , " did i write that ?
as part of the agreements , both bskyb and virgin media agreed to terminate all high court proceedings against each other relating to the carriage of their respective basic channels .
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine .
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials .
like the lombardi trophy , the " 50 " will be designed by tiffany & co .
mercury/gemini veteran wally schirra , eisele , and rookie walter cunningham were announced on september 29 as the prime crew for as-205 .
however , chivas were suspended following the 2014 mls season , with a second mls team scheduled to return in 2018 .
kenya 's various ethnic groups typically speak their mother tongues within their own communities .
a new four-note theme tune was introduced alongside the package , based around the network 's " we love tv " image campaign introduced that year , creating an audio signature on par with the nbc chimes , cbs ' various three-note soundmarks ( including the current version used since 2000 ) and the fox fanfare .
in many parts of the united states , after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case brown v. board of education of topeka that demanded united states schools desegregate " with all deliberate speed " , local families organized a wave of private " christian academies " .
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner .
the largest single sensory feature is the aboral organ ( at the opposite end from the mouth ) .
advances in polynomial algebra were made by mathematicians during the yuan era .
the five-story building includes two cardio rooms , an olympic-size swimming pool , a smaller pool for aquaerobics and other activities , a mezzanine , where all types of classes are held , an indoor cycling studio , three weight rooms , and a three-court gym floor to play basketball .
the astronauts would begin wearing a new apollo spacesuit , designed to accommodate lunar extravehicular activity ( eva ) .
a different arrangement was recorded by peter howell for season 18 ( 1980 ) , which was in turn replaced by dominic glynn 's arrangement for the season-long serial the trial of a time lord in season 23 ( 1986 ) .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities .
in 1957 , just before the television network began its first color broadcasts , the abc logo consisted of a tiny lowercase " abc " in the center of a large lowercase letter a , a design known as the " abc circle a " .
steven barkan writes that if defendants plead not guilty , " they must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine , or to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case and their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience . "
this was last seen in august and september 2011 prompting the kenyans for kenya initiative by the red cross .
nurses treat 80 % of the population who visit dispensaries , health centres and private clinics in rural and under-served urban areas .
by the pliocene period , the rhine had captured streams down to the vosges mountains , including the mosel , the main and the neckar .
and still other civil disobedients , being anarchists , do n't believe in the legitimacy of any government , and therefore see no need to accept punishment for a violation of criminal law that does not infringe the rights of others .
on 12 january , two thousand people attended a state funeral for tesla at the cathedral of saint john the divine .
cbs set the base rate for a 30-second advertisement at $ 5,000,000 , a record high price for a super bowl ad .
on 10 january 1943 , new york city mayor fiorello la guardia read a eulogy written by slovene-american author louis adamic live over the wnyc radio while violin pieces " ave maria " and " tamo daleko " were played in the background .
in 1781 james watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotary motion .
the adoption of laws which will have legal effect in the european union must have a proper legal basis .
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us .
bielany forest , located within the borders of warsaw , is the remaining part of the masovian primeval forest .
for exercise , tesla walked between 8 to 10 miles per day .
they may continue towards associate membership allowing them to retire as clergy .
the eu 's primary constitutional sources are the treaty on european union ( teu ) and the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( tfeu ) , which have been agreed or adhered to among the governments of all 28 member states .
the textbook examples are cydippids with egg-shaped bodies and a pair of retractable tentacles fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) that are covered with colloblasts , sticky cells that capture prey .
in 1755 , the british captured fort beauséjour on the border separating nova scotia from acadia ; soon afterward they ordered the expulsion of the acadians .
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 .
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus .
there are over 10,000 objects made from silver or gold in the collection , the display ( about 15 % of the collection ) is divided into secular and sacred covering both christian ( roman catholic , anglican and greek orthodox ) and jewish liturgical vessels and items .
after a troubled gestation during which its creator resigned , bankamericard went on to become the first successful credit card ; that is , a financial instrument that was usable across a large number of merchants and also allowed cardholders to revolve a balance ( earlier financial products could do one or the other but not both ) .
supplementary sources of european union law include case law by the court of justice , international law and general principles of european union law .
where school class sizes are typically 40 to 50 students , maintaining order in the classroom can divert the teacher from instruction , leaving little opportunity for concentration and focus on what is being taught .
the us abandoned the gold exchange standard whereby the value of the dollar had been pegged to the price of gold and all other currencies were pegged to the dollar , whose value was left to " float " ( rise and fall according to market demand ) .
the tower was erected to its full 187 feet ( 57 m ) .
in conjunction , shirley was made aware that the french were massing for an attack on fort oswego in his absence when he planned to attack fort niagara .
the musical instruments gallery closed 25 february 2010 , a decision which was highly controversial .
by staging the expansion in multiple cylinders , torque variability can be reduced .
most of the g3p molecules are recycled back into rubp using energy from more atp , but one out of every six produced leaves the cycle—the end product of the dark reactions .
a problem x is hard for a class of problems c if every problem in c can be reduced to x. thus no problem in c is harder than x , since an algorithm for x allows us to solve any problem in c. of course , the notion of hard problems depends on the type of reduction being used .
one in five of all the bird species in the world live in the rainforests of the amazon , and one in five of the fish species live in amazonian rivers and streams .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
the second division under jebe marched secretly to the southeast part of khwarzemia to form , with the first division , a pincer attack on samarkand .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
within a short time , the imperial parliament granted victoria responsible government with the passage of the colony of victoria act 1855. some of the leaders of the eureka rebellion went on to become members of the victorian parliament .
article 17 ( 1 ) of the treaty on european union states the commission should " promote the general interest of the union " while article 17 ( 3 ) adds that commissioners should be " completely independent " and not " take instructions from any government " .
in february they launched a daring raid against the position across the frozen lake george , destroying storehouses and buildings outside the main fortification .
the mongols ' extensive west asian and european contacts produced a fair amount of cultural exchange .
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971. as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973. the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over and continued to play the character until doctor who 's hiatus in 1989. the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts .
martin luther was born to hans luder ( or ludher , later luther ) and his wife margarethe ( née lindemann ) on 10 november 1483 in eisleben , saxony , then part of the holy roman empire .
often , individual state laws outline what defines a valid patient-doctor relationship .
from italy , the disease spread northwest across europe , striking france , spain , portugal and england by june 1348 , then turned and spread east through germany and scandinavia from 1348 to 1350. it was introduced in norway in 1349 when a ship landed at askøy , then spread to bjørgvin ( modern bergen ) and iceland .
a july 23 , 2006 article in the uk newspaper the independent reported woods hole research center results showing that the forest in its present form could survive only three years of drought .
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir .
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor .
lessing ( 1755 ) had earlier reached the same conclusion in his analysis of lutheran orthodoxy on this issue .
in 1932 the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon stated the length as 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , presumably a typographical error .
a problem is regarded as inherently difficult if its solution requires significant resources , whatever the algorithm used .
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union .
the second step of the factory project is to catalog everything .
nikola suffered a nervous breakdown at around the same time .
to the east is the colorado desert and the colorado river at the border with arizona , and the mojave desert at the border with the state of nevada .
the programme originally ran from 1963 to 1989. there was an unsuccessful attempt to revive regular production in 1996 with a backdoor pilot , in the form of a television film .
there have at one time or another been steam-powered farm tractors , motorcycles ( without much success ) and even automobiles as the stanley steamer .
cabinet consists of representatives elected to either house of parliament .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense .
the region spans from pacific ocean islands , shorelines , beaches , and coastal plains , through the transverse and peninsular ranges with their peaks , into the large and small interior valleys , to the vast deserts of california .
he saw higher education as a vehicle of opportunity for the talented rather than an entitlement for the wealthy , so conant devised programs to identify , recruit , and support talented youth .
; additionally , tower district is also known as the center of fresno 's local punk/goth/deathrock and heavy metal community .
glucocorticoids are the most powerful of these drugs ; however , these drugs can have many undesirable side effects , such as central obesity , hyperglycemia , osteoporosis , and their use must be tightly controlled .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
more powerful extensions of the fermat primality test , such as the baillie-psw , miller-rabin , and solovay-strassen tests , are guaranteed to fail at least some of the time when applied to a composite number .
jordan norwood 's 61-yard punt return set a new record , surpassing the old record of 45 yards set by john taylor in super bowl xxiii .
tourists , the largest number being from germany and the united kingdom , are attracted mainly to the coastal beaches and the game reserves , notably , the expansive east and west tsavo national park 20,808 square kilometres ( 8,034 sq mi ) in the southeast .
average temperatures are less than 9 °c ( 48 °f ) in winter and below 0 °c ( 32 °f ) in the highest parts of the ranges .
the relationship between children and their teachers tends to be closer in the primary school where they act as form tutor , specialist teacher and surrogate parent during the course of the day .
the review process often involves an evaluation of the appropriateness of the drug therapy ( e.g. , drug choice , dose , route , frequency , and duration of therapy ) and its efficacy .
his tool of choice for this connection was the singing of german hymns in connection with worship , school , home , and the public arena .
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc .
the later accidental introduction of beroe helped to mitigate the problem , as beroe preys on other ctenophores .
in the late 17th century , robert boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion .
after detecting stress in a cell , which might be due to a pathogen , chloroplasts begin producing molecules like salicylic acid , jasmonic acid , nitric oxide and reactive oxygen species which can serve as defense-signals .
conservation is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections , and covers all the collections held by the v & a and the v & a museum of childhood .
even simple unicellular organisms such as bacteria possess a rudimentary immune system , in the form of enzymes that protect against bacteriophage infections .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
the earliest known reference to immunity was during the plague of athens in 430 bc .
the total number of seats in the parliament are allocated to parties proportionally to the number of votes received in the second vote of the ballot using the d'hondt method .
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . "
although the vote was 51.6 % in favour of a scottish assembly , this figure did not equal the 40 % of the total electorate threshold deemed necessary to pass the measure , as 32.9 % of the eligible voting population did not , or had been unable to , vote .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
a study by the american association of university women reported that 9.6 % of students in the united states claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education ; be they a volunteer , bus driver , teacher , administrator or other adult ; sometime during their educational career .
he started teaching in rotterdam , where he finished writing and publishing his multi-volume masterpiece , historical and critical dictionary .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
4 kg ( 8.8 lb ) of steam per kwh .
in january 2003 , the government of kenya announced the introduction of free primary education .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
st joseph 's college , gregory terrace , saint ignatius ' college , riverview , st gregory 's college , campbelltown , st aloysius ' college ( sydney ) and st joseph 's college , hunters hill , as well as loreto kirribilli , monte sant angelo mercy college , st ursula 's college and loreto normanhurst for girls .
since deterministic turing machines are special non-deterministic turing machines , it is easily observed that each problem in p is also member of the class np .
this was the first super bowl to feature a quarterback on both teams who was the # 1 pick in their draft classes .
under the law of supply and demand , the price of skill is determined by a race between the demand for the skilled worker and the supply of the skilled worker .
college sports are also popular in southern california .
on the other hand , luther also points out that the ten commandments – when considered not as god 's condemning judgment but as an expression of his eternal will , that is , of the natural law – also positively teach how the christian ought to live .
the primary law of the eu consists mainly of the founding treaties , the " core " treaties being the treaty on european union ( teu ) and the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( tfeu ) .
at that time , the nbc red network was the principal radio network in the united states and , according to the fcc , rca was using nbc blue to eliminate any hint of competition .
some authors combined ctenophores and cnidarians in one phylum , coelenterata , as both groups rely on water flow through the body cavity for both digestion and respiration .
a public library is seen as a peoples university since it is open to all irrespective of age , literacy level and has materials relevant to people of all walks of life .
student government is made up of graduate and undergraduate students elected to represent members from their respective academic unit .
in september 1760 , and before any hostilities erupted , governor vaudreuil negotiated from montreal a capitulation with general amherst .
photosynthesis releases oxygen into the atmosphere , while respiration and decay remove it from the atmosphere .
the first remedial measure was the warsaw area enlargement ( 1951 ) – but the city authorities were still forced to introduce residency registration limitations : only the spouses and children of the permanent residents as well as some persons of public importance ( like renowned specialists ) were allowed to get the registration , hence halving the population growth in the following years .
after banishing the zwickau prophets , he now faced a battle against not only the established church but also the radical reformers who threatened the new order by fomenting social unrest and violence .
the free movement of workers regulation articles 1 to 7 set out the main provisions on equal treatment of workers .
around 20 % of victorians claim no religion .
it consists of nine members , both laity and clergy , elected by the general conference for an eight-year term .
the only story from the original series in which the doctor travels alone is the deadly assassin .
the total number of upper house members was reduced from 44 to 40 and their term of office is now the same as the lower house members—four years .
the gphc is the governing body for pharmacy health care professionals and this is who regulates the practice of pharmacists and pharmacy technicians .
as a result of increasing land clearance ( bronze age agriculture ) , in the upland areas ( central germany ) , the sediment load of the rhine has strongly increased and delta growth has sped up .
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " .
korean economist hoesung lee is the chair of the ipcc since october 8 , 2015 , following the election of the new ipcc bureau .
with an estimated completion date of 2020 , the barack obama presidential center will be housed at the university and include both the obama presidential library and offices of the obama foundation .
greater diversity in chloroplast shapes exists among the algae , which often contain a single chloroplast that can be shaped like a net ( e.g. , oedogonium ) , a cup ( e.g. , chlamydomonas ) , a ribbon-like spiral around the edges of the cell ( e.g. , spirogyra ) , or slightly twisted bands at the cell edges ( e.g. , sirogonium ) .
in honor of the 50th super bowl , the pregame ceremony featured the on-field introduction of 39 of the 43 previous super bowl most valuable players .
the merger between abc and capital cities received federal approval on september 5 , 1985. after the abc/capital cities merger was finalized on january 3 , 1986 , the combined company – which became known as capital cities/abc , inc. – added four television stations ( wpvi-tv/philadelphia , ktrk-tv/houston , kfsn-tv/fresno and wtvd/raleigh ) and several radio stations to abc 's broadcasting portfolio , and also included fairchild publications and four newspapers ( including the kansas city star and fort worth star-telegram ) .
ergänzungsschulen are secondary or post-secondary ( non-tertiary ) schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or rarely , religious groups and offer a type of education which is not available at public schools .
even with this increase , the maximum it showed for the medieval warm period did not reach temperatures recorded in central england in 2007. the mbh99 finding was supported by cited reconstructions by jones et al . 1998 , pollack , huang & shen 1998 , crowley & lowery 2000 and briffa 2000 , using differing data and methods .
free movement was increasingly based on " citizenship " , so that people had rights to empower them to become economically and socially active , rather than economic activity being a precondition for rights .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner .
an etioplast is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll , and has inner membrane invaginations that form a lattice of tubes in their stroma , called a prolamellar body .
the principal role of committees in the scottish parliament is to take evidence from witnesses , conduct inquiries and scrutinise legislation .
kuznets ' curve predicts that income inequality will eventually decrease given time .
many questions regarding prime numbers remain open , such as goldbach 's conjecture ( that every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes ) , and the twin prime conjecture ( that there are infinitely many pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ) .
marshall cohen notes , " it has been used to describe everything from bringing a test-case in the federal courts to taking aim at a federal official .
knowing that stalin was hostile to the idea of an independent poland , the polish government-in-exile in london gave orders to the underground home army ( ak ) to try to seize control of warsaw from the germans before the red army arrived .
meanwhile , the relationship between non-human primates in the subsistence and symbolism of indigenous lowland south american peoples has gained increased attention , as have ethno-biology and community-based conservation efforts .
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) .
according to tesla , edison remarked , " there 's fifty thousand dollars in it for you—if you can do it .
instead , the lisbon treaty was enacted .
within two weeks , copies of the theses had spread throughout germany ; within two months , they had spread throughout europe .
informal learning may be assisted by a teacher occupying a transient or ongoing role , such as a family member , or by anyone with knowledge or skills in the wider community setting .
it has a six-person board appointed by the european council , on the council 's recommendation .
as of august 2010 , victoria had 1,548 public schools , 489 catholic schools and 214 independent schools .
fulton street in downtown fresno was fresno 's main financial and commercial district before being converted into one of the nation 's first pedestrian malls in 1964. renamed the fulton mall , the area contains the densest collection of historic buildings in fresno .
the 2007 lisbon treaty explicitly recognised fundamental rights by providing in article 6 ( 1 ) that " the union recognises the rights , freedoms and principles set out in the charter of fundamental rights of the european union of 7 december 2000 , as adopted at strasbourg on 12 december 2007 , which shall have the same legal value as the treaties . "
cost engineers and estimators apply expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation .
the last glacial ran from ~74,000 ( bp = before present ) , until the end of the pleistocene ( ~11,600 bp ) .
his successor , ted heath , reversed this policy in 1970 , calling for israel to withdraw to its pre-1967 borders .
harvard also won the intercollegiate sailing association national championships in 2003 .
watt independently discovered latent heat , which was confirmed by the original discoverer joseph black , who also advised watt on experimental procedures .
the most important for luther was the doctrine of justification – god 's act of declaring a sinner righteous – by faith alone through god 's grace .
pushing against an object on a frictional surface can result in a situation where the object does not move because the applied force is opposed by static friction , generated between the object and the table surface .
many of tesla 's patents were in the united states , britain , and canada , but many other patents were approved in countries around the globe .
the brotherhood has suffered periodic repression in egypt and has been banned several times , in 1948 and several years later following confrontations with egyptian president gamal abdul nasser , who jailed thousands of members for several years .
their current captain is rakep patel .
consultant pharmacy practice focuses more on medication regimen review ( i.e .
the apicomplexans include plasmodium , the malaria parasite .
apicomplexans store their energy in amylopectin starch granules that are located in their cytoplasm , even though they are nonphotosynthetic .
the former midlothian county buildings facing parliament square , high street and george iv bridge in edinburgh ( originally built as the headquarters of the pre-1975 midlothian county council ) housed the parliament 's visitors ' centre and shop , whilst the main hall was used as the parliament 's principal committee room .
these are mainly forested areas ( pine forest ) .
the university of chicago library system encompasses six libraries that contain a total of 9.8 million volumes , the 11th most among library systems in the united states .
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance .
while the concept of a " social market economy " was only introduced into eu law in 2007 , free movement and trade were central to european development since the treaty of rome 1957. according to the standard theory of comparative advantage , two countries can both benefit from trade even if one of them has a less productive economy in all respects .
luther sympathised with some of the peasants ' grievances , as he showed in his response to the twelve articles in may 1525 , but he reminded the aggrieved to obey the temporal authorities .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney .
on 31 july 2013 , bskyb and microsoft announced their settlement , in which microsoft will not appeal the ruling , and will rename its skydrive cloud storage service after an unspecified " reasonable period of time to allow for an orderly transition to a new brand , " plus " financial and other terms , the details of which are confidential " .
walt wanted abc to invest $ 500,000 and accrued a guarantee of $ 4.5 million in additional loans , a third of the budget intended for the park .
it is named after william john macquorn rankine , a scottish polymath .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
its purpose is thought to be to increase the chloroplast 's surface area for cross-membrane transport between its stroma and the cell cytoplasm .
the 8- and 10-county definitions are not used for the greater southern california megaregion , one of the 11 megaregions of the united states .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
however , this practice has been criticized as potentially dangerous , especially by those who feel that only doctors can reliably assess contraindications , risk/benefit ratios , and an individual 's overall suitability for use of a medication .
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact .
genghis told chu'tsai , who was a lineal descendant of khitan rulers , that he had avenged chu'tsai 's forefathers .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
following the nice treaty , there was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the european union and make it more transparent ; this would have also produced a single constitutional document .
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff .
the armed forces are regularly deployed in peacekeeping missions around the world .
he had long condemned vows of celibacy on biblical grounds , but his decision to marry surprised many , not least melanchthon , who called it reckless .
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
the ceremonial walk to the church and the wedding banquet were left out , and were made up two weeks later on 27 june .
welsh medium education is available to all age groups through nurseries , schools , colleges and universities and in adult education ; lessons in the language itself are compulsory for all pupils until the age of 16 .
accordingly , the term odd prime refers to any prime number greater than 2. similarly , when written in the usual decimal system , all prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1 , 3 , 7 , or 9 , since even numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5 .
the network was engineered and operated by mci telecommunications under a cooperative agreement with the nsf .
in an optical mineralogy analysis , thin sections of rock samples are analyzed through a petrographic microscope , where the minerals can be identified through their different properties in plane-polarized and cross-polarized light , including their birefringence , pleochroism , twinning , and interference properties with a conoscopic lens .
20th century fox , lionsgate , paramount pictures , universal studios and walt disney studios paid for movie trailers to be aired during the super bowl .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
the fis won sweeping victories in local elections and it was going to win national elections in 1991 when voting was canceled by a military coup d'état .
in 1536 , he began to suffer from kidney and bladder stones , and arthritis , and an ear infection ruptured an ear drum .
parliamentary time is also set aside for question periods in the debating chamber .
cabot science library , lamont library , and widener library are three of the most popular libraries for undergraduates to use , with easy access and central locations .
one of the first significant gifts of costume came in 1913 when the v & a received the talbot hughes collection containing 1,442 costumes and items as a gift from harrods following its display at the nearby department store .
founded as a broad islamist coalition in 1989 it was led by abbassi madani , and a charismatic islamist young preacher , ali belhadj .
his hymns influenced the development of singing in churches .
in august 1917 , tesla explained what had happened in the electrical experimenter : " as an example of what has been done with several hundred kilowatts of high frequency energy liberated , it was found that the dynamos in a power house six miles away were repeatedly burned out , due to the powerful high frequency currents set up in them , and which caused heavy sparks to jump through the windings and destroy the insulation ! "
the most significant buildings are st. john 's cathedral ( 14th century ) , the temple is a typical example of the so-called masovian gothic style , st. mary 's church ( 1411 ) , a town house of burbach family ( 14th century ) , gunpowder tower ( after 1379 ) and the royal castle curia maior ( 1407–1410 ) .
a plant cell which contains chloroplasts is known as a chlorenchyma cell .
to help reduce consumption , in 1974 a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph ( about 88 km/h ) was imposed through the emergency highway energy conservation act .
at the time , iran was the world 's second-largest oil exporter and a close us ally .
dane was killed in a horse-riding accident when nikola was five .
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg .
in the motor rallying arena , kenya is home to the world famous safari rally , commonly acknowledged as one of the toughest rallies in the world .
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages .
however , under directives , citizens or corporations were said in 1986 to not be allowed to bring claims against other non-state parties .
after al-nimeiry was overthrown in 1985 the party did poorly in national elections , but in 1989 it was able to overthrow the elected post-al-nimeiry government with the help of the military .
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity .
tesla incorrectly believed that x-rays were longitudinal waves , such as those produced in waves in plasmas .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
for reasons of economy , oxygen is often transported in bulk as a liquid in specially insulated tankers , since one liter of liquefied oxygen is equivalent to 840 liters of gaseous oxygen at atmospheric pressure and 20 °c ( 68 °f ) .
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus .
both liquid and solid o 2 are clear substances with a light sky-blue color caused by absorption in the red ( in contrast with the blue color of the sky , which is due to rayleigh scattering of blue light ) .
the commission authorized the transaction on october 12 , 1943. soon afterward , the blue network was purchased by the new company noble founded , the american broadcasting system .
with modern insights into quantum mechanics and technology that can accelerate particles close to the speed of light , particle physics has devised a standard model to describe forces between particles smaller than atoms .
iqbal 's seven english lectures were published by oxford university press in 1934 in a book titled the reconstruction of religious thought in islam .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
in 1957 , abc entertainment president ollie treiz discovered that the locally produced variety show bandstand had pulled very strong ratings in the philadelphia market on wfil-tv ; treiz ultimately negotiated a deal to take the show national , under the revised title american bandstand ; the show quickly became a social phenomenon by presenting new musical talent and dances to america 's youth and helped make a star out of its host , dick clark .
all um churches must have a board of trustees with at least three members and no more than nine members and it is recommended that no gender should hold more than a 2/3 majority .
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma .
though chopin was born in the village of żelazowa wola , about 60 km ( 37 mi ) from warsaw , he moved to the city with his family when he was seven months old .
in the china of the yuan , or mongol era , various important developments in the arts occurred or continued in their development , including the areas of painting , mathematics , calligraphy , poetry , and theater , with many great artists and writers being famous today .
the " hugues hypothesis " argues that the name was derived by association with hugues capet , king of france , who reigned long before the reformation .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
the rhine bridge at arnhem , immortalized in the book , a bridge too far and the film , was a central focus of the battle for arnhem , during the failed operation market garden of september 1944. the bridges at nijmegen , over the waal distributary of the rhine , were also an objective of operation market garden .
that same year , capital cities/abc purchased the french animation studio dic entertainment ; it also signed an agreement with time warner cable to carry its owned-and-operated television stations on the provider 's systems in abc o & o markets .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing .
abc currently holds the broadcast rights to the academy awards , emmy awards ( which are rotated across all four major networks on a year-to-year basis ) , american music awards , disney parks christmas day parade , tournament of roses parade , country music association awards and the cma music festival .
the views of ali shariati , ideologue of the iranian revolution , had resemblance with mohammad iqbal , ideological father of the state of pakistan , but khomeini 's beliefs is perceived to be placed somewhere between beliefs of sunni islamic thinkers like mawdudi and qutb .
luther rarely encountered jews during his life , but his attitudes reflected a theological and cultural tradition which saw jews as a rejected people guilty of the murder of christ , and he lived within a local community that had expelled jews some ninety years earlier .
they are usually expensive schools that tend to be up-market and traditional in style , some catholic schools fall into this category as well , e.g .
with abc1 's shutdown that october , the company 's attempt to develop abc international were discontinued .
it fostered the development of a standard version of the german language , added several principles to the art of translation , and influenced the writing of an english translation , the tyndale bible .
between 1991 and 2000 , the total area of forest lost in the amazon rose from 415,000 to 587,000 square kilometres ( 160,000 to 227,000 sq mi ) , with most of the lost forest becoming pasture for cattle .
the swahili built mombasa into a major port city and established trade links with other nearby city-states , as well as commercial centres in persia , arabia , and even india .
edward the confessor had set up the aforementioned ralph as earl of hereford and charged him with defending the marches and warring with the welsh .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
they range in age from about 3.2 billion years for the basaltic samples derived from the lunar maria , to about 4.6 billion years for samples derived from the highlands crust .
muhammad ibn zakarīya rāzi ( rhazes ) ( 865–915 ) , for instance , acted to promote the medical uses of chemical compounds .
publishing its blueprint for devolution in 1995 , the convention provided much of the basis for the structure of the parliament .
( it has been adapted as a restaurant—see illustration above .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
just under 540,800 students were enrolled in public schools , and just over 311,800 in private schools .
the outer surface bears usually eight comb rows , called swimming-plates , which are used for swimming .
loudoun , a capable administrator but a cautious field commander , planned one major operation for 1757 : an attack on new france 's capital , quebec .
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl .
some astrophysicists predicted the existence of another planet ( vulcan ) that would explain the discrepancies ; however , despite some early indications , no such planet could be found .
all of the u. s. flags left on the moon during the apollo missions were found to still be standing , with the exception of the one left during the apollo 11 mission , which was blown over during that mission 's lift-off from the lunar surface and return to the mission command module in lunar orbit ; the degree to which these flags retain their original colors remains unknown .
davis compiled 5½ sacks , four forced fumbles , and four interceptions , while kuechly led the team in tackles ( 118 ) forced two fumbles , and intercepted four passes of his own .
he also made a cameo appearance in the talons of weng-chiang ( as a music hall conductor ) .
newton came to realize that the effects of gravity might be observed in different ways at larger distances .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 .
the height of this persecution was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre when 5,000 to 30,000 were killed , although there were also underlying political reasons for this as well , as some of the huguenots were nobles trying to establish separate centers of power in southern france .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
the french composer olivier messiaen used prime numbers to create ametrical music through " natural phenomena " .
many rivers have been closed ( " dammed " ) and now serve as drainage channels for the numerous polders .
plants have two main immune responses—the hypersensitive response , in which infected cells seal themselves off and undergo programmed cell death , and systemic acquired resistance , where infected cells release signals warning the rest of the plant of a pathogen 's presence .
across the three waves of european colonialism ( first in the americas , second in asia and lastly in africa ) , environmental determinism was used to categorically place indigenous people in a racial hierarchy .
however , the interstate trunk routes , as well as a number of branch lines in the west of the state have been converted to 1,435 mm ( 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in ) standard gauge .
on 11 july 1934 , the new york herald tribune published an article on tesla , in which he recalled an event that would occasionally take place while experimenting with his single-electrode vacuum tubes ; a minute particle would break off the cathode , pass out of the tube , and physically strike him .
the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz is listed as a unesco world heritage site .
the best algorithm for this problem , due to laszlo babai and eugene luks has run time 2o ( √ ( n log ( n ) ) ) for graphs with n vertices .
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) .
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " .
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages .
diseases of poverty directly correlate with a country 's economic performance and wealth distribution : half of kenyans live below the poverty level .
the vast majority of kenyans are christian ( 83 % ) , with 47.7 % regarding themselves as protestant and 23.5 % as roman catholic of the latin rite .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
based on his industry experience on air force missile projects , mueller realized some skilled managers could be found among high-ranking officers in the united states air force , so he got webb 's permission to recruit general samuel c. phillips , who gained a reputation for his effective management of the minuteman program , as omsf program controller .
as of the 2014 episode " dark water , " it was revealed that the master had become a female incarnation or " time lady , " going by the name of " missy " ( short for mistress , the feminine equivalent of " master " ) .
by autumn 1347 , the plague reached alexandria in egypt , probably through the port 's trade with constantinople , and ports on the black sea .
newcastle university has its origins in the school of medicine and surgery , established in 1834 and became independent from durham university on 1 august 1963 to form the university of newcastle upon tyne .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
to compensate for stagnating and declining purchasing power , political pressure has developed to extend easier credit to the lower and middle income earners – particularly to buy homes – and easier credit in general to keep unemployment rates low .
following the transition to democracy , the legal form of " model c " was abolished , however , the term continues to be used to describe government schools formerly reserved for white children.. these schools tend to produce better academic results than government schools formerly reserved for other race groups .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
however the diatom endosymbiont ca n't store its own food—its starch is found in granules in the dinophyte host 's cytoplasm instead .
in 1709–13 , a plague epidemic that followed the great northern war ( 1700–21 , sweden v. russia and allies ) killed about 100,000 in sweden , and 300,000 in prussia .
oxygen is the most abundant element by mass in the earth 's crust as part of oxide compounds such as silicon dioxide , making up almost half of the crust 's mass .
however , proving lower bounds is much more difficult , since lower bounds make a statement about all possible algorithms that solve a given problem .
tumor cells often have a reduced number of mhc class i molecules on their surface , thus avoiding detection by killer t cells .
co-teaching focuses the student on learning by providing a social networking support that allows them to reach their full cognitive potential .
howard zinn writes , " there may be many times when protesters choose to go to jail , as a way of continuing their protest , as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice .
in some countries , formal education can take place through home schooling .
" old briton " ignored the warning .
[ citation needed ] such individuals claim that many problems with modern schooling stem from the weakness in school discipline and if teachers exercised firm control over the classroom they would be able to teach more efficiently .
kublai returned from fighting the song in 1260 when he learned that his brother , ariq böke , was challenging his claim to the throne .
at a meeting in albany in december 1755 , he laid out his plans for 1756. in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec .
some remote sensing scientists have proposed using the measurement of the radiance coming from vegetation canopies in those bands to characterize plant health status from a satellite platform .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense .
the original theme was composed by ron grainer and realised by delia derbyshire of the bbc radiophonic workshop , with assistance from dick mills .
lead fusible plugs may be present in the crown of the boiler 's firebox .
with initial support from the state of michigan and the national science foundation ( nsf ) , the packet-switched network was first demonstrated in december 1971 when an interactive host to host connection was made between the ibm mainframe computer systems at the university of michigan in ann arbor and wayne state university in detroit .
it was not until robert koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a nobel prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay .
in 1562 , naval officer jean ribault led an expedition that explored florida and the present-day southeastern u.s. , and founded the outpost of charlesfort on parris island , south carolina .
a teacher 's role may vary among cultures .
the allies left the rhineland , in 1930 and the german army re-occupied it in 1936 , which was enormously popular in germany .
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland .
leaving a sizable force at fort william henry to distract montcalm , he began organizing for the expedition to quebec .
in the united states , approximately 828,000 women were employed in the construction industry as of 2011 .
the two-tentacled " cydippid " lampea feeds exclusively on salps , close relatives of sea-squirts that form large chain-like floating colonies , and juveniles of lampea attach themselves like parasites to salps that are too large for them to swallow .
between about ad 14 and 180 , the assignment of legions was as follows : for the army of germania inferior , two legions at vetera ( xanten ) , i germanica and xx valeria ( pannonian troops ) ; two legions at oppidum ubiorum ( " town of the ubii " ) , which was renamed to colonia agrippina , descending to cologne , v alaudae , a celtic legion recruited from gallia narbonensis and xxi , possibly a galatian legion from the other side of the empire .
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount .
mongols are widely known to worship the eternal heaven , and according to the traditional mongolian ideology yuan is considered to be " the beginning of an infinite number of beings , the foundation of peace and happiness , state power , the dream of many peoples , besides it there is nothing great or precious . "
the next three drives of the game would end in punts .
in 1755 , the british captured fort beauséjour on the border separating nova scotia from acadia ; soon afterward they ordered the expulsion of the acadians .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
immunosuppressive drugs such as cyclosporin prevent t cells from responding to signals correctly by inhibiting signal transduction pathways .
this basin encompasses 7,000,000 square kilometres ( 2,700,000 sq mi ) , of which 5,500,000 square kilometres ( 2,100,000 sq mi ) are covered by the rainforest .
by 1971 , the decision was made to also cancel missions 18 and 19. the two unused saturn vs became museum exhibits at the john f. kennedy space center on merritt island , florida , george c. marshall space center in huntsville , alabama , michoud assembly facility in new orleans , louisiana , and lyndon b. johnson space center in houston , texas .
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe .
on 7 january 1943 , at the age of 86 , tesla died alone in room 3327 of the new yorker hotel .
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution .
when the methodists in america were separated from the church of england , john wesley himself provided a revised version of the book of common prayer called the sunday service of the methodists in north america .
the region is home to two extended metropolitan areas that exceed five million in population .
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union .
the literary and philosophical society of newcastle upon tyne ( popularly known as the 'lit & phil ' ) is the largest independent library outside london , housing more than 150,000 books .
these are caused by the rapid heating of the land relative to the water , combined with extremely high humidity .
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003. other lesser known groups include the islamic liberation party , salvation from hell and takfir wal-hijra , and these groups have variously been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures , arson of video shops and attempted takeovers of government buildings .
commissioners have sometimes been found to have abused their offices , particularly since the santer commission was censured by parliament in 1999 , and it eventually resigned due to corruption allegations .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size .
the state is most commonly divided and promoted by its regional tourism groups as consisting of northern , central , and southern california regions .
one of the principal advantages the rankine cycle holds over others is that during the compression stage relatively little work is required to drive the pump , the working fluid being in its liquid phase at this point .
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs .
in principle , this means that any significant new evidence or events that change our understanding of climate science between this deadline and publication of an ipcc report can not be included .
noble received other offers , including one from cbs founder william s. paley ; however , a merger with cbs would have forced that network to sell its new york city and los angeles stations at the very least .
often , the owner of the property acts as laborer , paymaster , and design team for the entire project .
however , on september 8 , 2007 , disney announced that it would discontinue abc1 citing to the channel 's inability to attain sustainable viewership .
in 1854 at ballarat there was an armed rebellion against the government of victoria by miners protesting against mining taxes ( the " eureka stockade " ) .
tesla read many works , memorizing complete books , and supposedly possessed a photographic memory .
so , in francovich v italy , the italian government had failed to set up an insurance fund for employees to claim unpaid wages if their employers had gone insolvent , as the insolvency protection directive required .
the views of ali shariati , ideologue of the iranian revolution , had resemblance with mohammad iqbal , ideological father of the state of pakistan , but khomeini 's beliefs is perceived to be placed somewhere between beliefs of sunni islamic thinkers like mawdudi and qutb .
buddhism is the state 's largest non-christian religion , with 168,637 members as of the most recent census .
the total number of seats in the parliament are allocated to parties proportionally to the number of votes received in the second vote of the ballot using the d'hondt method .
the final major evolution of the steam engine design was the use of steam turbines starting in the late part of the 19th century .
as a result of his role in the inquiry , isiah bowman would come to be known as wilson 's geographer .
in the past , teachers have been paid relatively low salaries .
the title khagan was not conferred on genghis until after his death , when his son and successor , ögedei , took the title for himself and extended it posthumously to his father ( as he was also to be posthumously declared the founder of the yuan dynasty ) .
of particular concern with internet pharmacies is the ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship .
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
in addition to arguing that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic , sceptics of the bubonic plague theory point out that the symptoms of the black death are not unique ( and arguably in some accounts may differ from bubonic plague ) ; that transference via fleas in goods was likely to be of marginal significance ; and that the dna results may be flawed and might not have been repeated elsewhere , despite extensive samples from other mass graves .
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility .
a wide selection of serials are available from bbc video on dvd , on sale in the united kingdom , australia , canada and the united states .
close , sandhill and quayside contain modern buildings as well as structures dating from the 15th–18th centuries , including bessie surtees house , the cooperage and lloyds quayside bars , derwentwater house and " house of tides " , a restaurant situated at a grade i-listed 16th century merchant 's house at 28–30 close .
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen .
the most notable examples of renaissance architecture in the city are the house of baryczko merchant family ( 1562 ) , building called " the negro " ( early 17th century ) and salwator tenement ( 1632 ) .
in 1979 , the soviet union deployed its 40th army into afghanistan , attempting to suppress an islamic rebellion against an allied marxist regime in the afghan civil war .
when a part of a plant becomes infected , the plant produces a localized hypersensitive response , whereby cells at the site of infection undergo rapid apoptosis to prevent the spread of the disease to other parts of the plant .
the two us navy bases , blount island command and the nearby naval submarine base kings bay form the third largest military presence in the united states .
this has the consequence that the results of a measurement are now sometimes " quantized " , i.e .
however , he concedes that the effect of trade on inequality in america is minor when compared to other causes , such as technological innovation , a view shared by other experts .
he enclosed in his letter a copy of his " disputation of martin luther on the power and efficacy of indulgences " , which came to be known as the ninety-five theses .
if the whole parliament agrees in a vote to the general principles of the bill , it then proceeds to stage 2 .
thunder from the released energy was heard 15 miles away in cripple creek , colorado .
for example , an object suspended on a vertical spring scale experiences the force of gravity acting on the object balanced by a force applied by the " spring reaction force " , which equals the object 's weight .
sudbury model democratic schools ' proponents argue that a school that has good , clear laws , fairly and democratically passed by the entire school community , and a good judicial system for enforcing these laws , is a school in which community discipline prevails , and in which an increasingly sophisticated concept of law and order develops , against other schools today , where rules are arbitrary , authority is absolute , punishment is capricious , and due process of law is unknown .
there have been repeated discussions about regulating the use of his name and image to avoid trivialization .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
the northern section of this frontier , where the rhine is deep and broad , remained the roman boundary until the empire fell .
meanwhile , nasa performed its own in-house spacecraft design studies led by maxime faget , to serve as a gauge to judge and monitor the three industry designs .
jacksonville is in the first coast region of northeast florida and is centered on the banks of the st. johns river , about 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of the georgia state line and about 340 miles ( 550 km ) north of miami .
this also led luther to reject the idea of torments for the saints : " it is enough for us to know that souls do not leave their bodies to be threatened by the torments and punishments of hell , but enter a prepared bedchamber in which they sleep in peace . "
in addition ; tracks , signalling and overhead wires are also being overhauled .
additionally , proteins such as nfil3 , which have been shown to be closely intertwined with both t-cell differentiation and our circadian rhythms , can be affected through the disturbance of natural light and dark cycles through instances of sleep deprivation , shift work , etc .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
normally , the reenergized electrons are taken by nadp+ , though sometimes they can flow back down more h+-pumping electron transport chains to transport more hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space to generate more atp .
there are also categories for construction service firms ( e.g. , engineering , architecture ) and construction managers ( firms engaged in managing construction projects without assuming direct financial responsibility for completion of the construction project ) .
the council meets twice a year at various locations throughout the world .
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere .
oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema , pneumonia , some heart disorders ( congestive heart failure ) , some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure , and any disease that impairs the body 's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen .
while the concept of a " social market economy " was only introduced into eu law in 2007 , free movement and trade were central to european development since the treaty of rome 1957. according to the standard theory of comparative advantage , two countries can both benefit from trade even if one of them has a less productive economy in all respects .
the first geological map of the u.s. was produced in 1809 by william maclure .
the first geological map of the u.s. was produced in 1809 by william maclure .
in case of european union law which should have been transposed into the laws of member states , such as directives , the european commission can take proceedings against the member state under the treaty on the functioning of the european union .
they can be combined with ideal pulleys , which allow ideal strings to switch physical direction .
james hutton is often viewed as the first modern geologist .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
hans luther was ambitious for himself and his family , and he was determined to see martin , his eldest son , become a lawyer .
it is important to note , however , that the british study referenced above is the only one of its kind and consisted of " a random ... probability sample of 2,869 young people between the ages of 18 and 24 in a computer-assisted study " and that the questions referred to " sexual abuse with a professional , " not necessarily a teacher .
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " .
when some species , including bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera , are disturbed , they produce secretions ( ink ) that luminesce at much the same wavelengths as their bodies .
the production of major food staples such as corn is subject to sharp weather-related fluctuations .
dendritic cells serve as a link between the bodily tissues and the innate and adaptive immune systems , as they present antigens to t cells , one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system .
symptoms are high fevers and purple skin patches ( purpura due to disseminated intravascular coagulation ) .
for example , friction is a manifestation of the electromagnetic force acting between the atoms of two surfaces , and the pauli exclusion principle , which does not permit atoms to pass through each other .
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection .
the riba 's holdings of over 330 drawings by andrea palladio are the largest in the world , other europeans well represented are jacques gentilhatre and antonio visentini .
the city 's other mainline station , manors , is to the east of the city centre .
in 1951 , noble held a 58 % ownership stake in abc , giving him $ 5 million with which to prevent abc from going bankrupt ; as banks refused further credit , that amount was obtained through a loan from the prudential insurance company of america .
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver .
available studies support a performance boost from enriched o 2 mixtures only if they are breathed during aerobic exercise .
notably , in 2013 , john hurt guest-starred as a hitherto unknown incarnation of the doctor known as the war doctor in the run-up to the show 's 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " .
he was made to wake at four every morning for what has been described as " a day of rote learning and often wearying spiritual exercises . "
where school class sizes are typically 40 to 50 students , maintaining order in the classroom can divert the teacher from instruction , leaving little opportunity for concentration and focus on what is being taught .
french irregular forces ( canadian scouts and indians ) harassed fort william henry throughout the first half of 1757. in january they ambushed british rangers near ticonderoga .
warner tried with mixed success to adapt some of its most successful films as abc television series , and showcase these adaptations as part of the wheel series warner bros. presents .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
the board of trustees oversees the long-term development and plans of the university and manages fundraising efforts , and is composed of 50 members including the university president .
in 2013 , the peabody awards honoured doctor who with an institutional peabody " for evolving with technology and the times like nothing else in the known television universe . "
as of 2012 [ update ] , harvard university had a total financial aid reserve of $ 159 million for students , and a pell grant reserve of $ 4.093 million available for disbursement .
the packets include a connection identifier rather than address information and are negotiated between endpoints so that they are delivered in order and with error checking .
nintendo and the pokémon company also made their super bowl debut , promoting the 20th anniversary of the pokémon video game and media franchise .
in 1926 , tesla commented on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality , and indicated that humanity 's future would be run by " queen bees . "
with over 600,000 drawings , over 750,000 papers and paraphernalia , and over 700,000 photographs from around the world , together they form the world 's most comprehensive architectural resource .
the principles of european union law are rules of law which have been developed by the european court of justice that constitute unwritten rules which are not expressly provided for in the treaties but which affect how european union law is interpreted and applies .
in old or stressed chloroplasts , plastoglobuli tend to occur in linked groups or chains , still always anchored to a thylakoid .
environmentalists are concerned about loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest , and also about the release of the carbon contained within the vegetation , which could accelerate global warming .
coastal species need to be tough enough to withstand waves and swirling sediment particles , while some oceanic species are so fragile that it is very difficult to capture them intact for study .
a bridge was built across the tyne , between newcastle and gateshead , and opened by queen elizabeth ii in 1981. the network is operated by db regio on behalf of nexus and carries over 37 million passengers a year , extending as far as newcastle airport , tynemouth , south shields and south hylton in sunderland .
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities .
from here , the situation becomes more complicated , as the dutch name rijn no longer coincides with the main flow of water .
states or departments in four nations contain " amazonas " in their names .
john dalton 's original atomic hypothesis assumed that all elements were monatomic and that the atoms in compounds would normally have the simplest atomic ratios with respect to one another .
under this system , once the design is completed by the design team , a number of construction companies or construction management companies may then be asked to make a bid for the work , either based directly on the design , or on the basis of drawings and a bill of quantities provided by a quantity surveyor .
there are also several lakes in warsaw – mainly the oxbow lakes , like czerniaków lake , the lakes in the łazienki or wilanów parks , kamionek lake .
headquartered in southern california are the walt disney company ( which also owns abc ) , sony pictures , universal , mgm , paramount pictures , 20th century fox , and warner brothers .
his poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments .
utility and industrial boilers commonly use multi-stage centrifugal pumps ; however , other types are used .
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth .
dr. thomas coke , already an anglican priest , assisted wesley in this action .
sport scholarship , art scholarship , academic scholarship ) , financial need , or tax credit scholarships that might be available .
during this time , the lower rhine flowed roughly west through the netherlands and extended to the southwest , through the english channel and finally , to the atlantic ocean .
it is also the home of the sunnyside country club , which maintains a golf course designed by william p. bell .
oxygen is present in the atmosphere in trace quantities in the form of carbon dioxide ( co 2 ) .
mission controllers were able to use the service module engine to essentially repeat the flight profile of apollo 4. based on the good performance of apollo 6 and identification of satisfactory fixes to the apollo 6 problems , nasa declared the saturn v ready to fly men , cancelling a third unmanned test .
the war in north america officially ended with the signing of the treaty of paris on 10 february 1763 , and war in the european theatre of the seven years ' war was settled by the treaty of hubertusburg on 15 february 1763. the british offered france the choice of surrendering either its continental north american possessions east of the mississippi or the caribbean islands of guadeloupe and martinique , which had been occupied by the british .
martin luther ( /ˈluːθər/ or /ˈluːðər/ ; german : [ ˈmaɐ̯tiːn ˈlʊtɐ ] ( listen ) ; 10 november 1483 – 18 february 1546 ) was a german professor of theology , composer , priest , former monk and a seminal figure in the protestant reformation .
supplementary sources of european union law include case law by the court of justice , international law and general principles of european union law .
some transferred chloroplast dna protein products get directed to the secretory pathway ( though it should be noted that many secondary plastids are bounded by an outermost membrane derived from the host 's cell membrane , and therefore topologically outside of the cell , because to reach the chloroplast from the cytosol , you have to cross the cell membrane , just like if you were headed for the extracellular space .
islamism , also known as political islam ( arabic : إسلام سياسي‎ islām siyāsī ) , is an islamic revival movement often characterized by moral conservatism , literalism , and the attempt " to implement islamic values in all spheres of life . "
the chloroplast double membrane is also often compared to the mitochondrial double membrane .
as cellular signals , reactive oxygen species are unstable molecules , so they probably do n't leave the chloroplast , but instead pass on their signal to an unknown second messenger molecule .
on april 29 , 1961 , abc debuted wide world of sports , an anthology series created by edgar scherick through his company sports programs , inc. and produced by a young roone arledge which featured a different sporting event each broadcast .
meanwhile , denver 's offense was kept out of the end zone for three plays , but a holding penalty on cornerback josh norman gave the broncos a new set of downs .
in pakistan this islamization from above was " probably " more complete " than under any other regime except those in iran and sudan , " but zia-ul-haq was also criticized by many islamists for imposing " symbols " rather than substance , and using islamization to legitimize his means of seizing power .
the origin of the name kenya is not clear , but perhaps linked to the kikuyu , embu and kamba words kirinyaga , kirenyaa and kiinyaa which mean " god 's resting place " in all three languages .
the high cost of medications and drug-related technology , combined with the potential impact of medications and pharmacy services on patient-care outcomes and patient safety , make it imperative that hospital pharmacies perform at the highest level possible .
then after an incompletion , thomas davis tackled anderson for a 1-yard gain on third down , forcing denver to settle for a 3–0 lead on a brandon mcmanus 34-yard field goal .
ribault erected a stone column near present-day jacksonville claiming the newly discovered land for france .
the dominant economic sectors in the middle rhine area are viniculture and tourism .
germanic tribes crossed the rhine in the migration period , by the 5th century establishing the kingdoms of francia on the lower rhine , burgundy on the upper rhine and alemannia on the high rhine .
while chinese primary schools were allowed to retain chinese as the medium of instruction , chinese secondary schools are required to change into english-medium schools .
although the soviet response to such an act would likely not involve force , intelligence warned " the american occupation would need to last 10 years as the west developed alternative energy sources , and would result in the ‘ total alienation ’ of the arabs and much of the rest of the third world . "
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
according to goldenson , monday night football helped earn abc regularly score an audience share of 15 % –16 % ; abc sports managed the budget for the monday night time slot to reallocate the weekly budget for abc 's prime time schedule to just six days , as opposed to seven on competing networks .
prominent examination boards that are present in multiple states are the cbse and the cisce , nenbse
the three-stage saturn v was designed to send a fully fueled csm and lm to the moon .
a second period of international expansion is linked to that of the espn network in the 1990s , and policies enacted in the 2000s by disney media networks ( which included the expansion of several of the company 's u.s.-based cable networks including disney channel and its spinoffs toon disney , playhouse disney and jetix ; although disney also sold its 33 % stake in european sports channel eurosport for $ 155 million in june 2000 ) .
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " .
spain ceded florida to the british in 1763 after the french and indian war , and the british soon constructed the king 's road connecting st. augustine to georgia .
while linked to low photosynthesis rates , the starch grains themselves may not necessarily interfere significantly with the efficiency of photosynthesis , and might simply be a side effect of another photosynthesis-depressing factor .
among other things , this has also resulted in 30 different examination boards or academic authorities that conduct examinations for school leaving certificates .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
langlade was given 300 men , including french-canadians and warriors of the ottawa .
paul rose argues that he caused a " hysterical and demonizing mentality " about jews to enter german thought and discourse , a mentality that might otherwise have been absent .
primarily because rules and regulations are made by the community as a whole , thence the school atmosphere is one of persuasion and negotiation , rather than confrontation since there is no one to confront .
continuing the style of the earlier buildings , various designers were responsible for the decoration , the terracotta embellishments were again the work of godfrey sykes , although sgraffito was used to decorate the east side of the building designed by f. w. moody , a final embellishment were the wrought iron gates made as late as 1885 designed by starkie gardner , these lead to a passage through the building .
jaime weston , the league 's vice president of brand and creative , explained that a primary reason for the change was the difficulty of designing an aesthetically pleasing logo with the letter " l " using the standardized logo template introduced at super bowl xlv .
the chloroplast is surrounded by two membranes and has no nucleomorph—all the nucleomorph genes have been transferred to the dinophyte nucleus .
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards .
a deterministic turing machine is the most basic turing machine , which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions .
while experimenting with mechanical oscillators at his houston street lab , tesla allegedly generated a resonance of several buildings .
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school .
the eye crossed st. augustine with winds that had just barely diminished to 110 mph ( 180 km/h ) , making it a strong category 2 on the saffir-simpson scale .
fringe or splinter movements inspired by the final writings of qutb in the mid-1960s ( particularly the manifesto milestones , a.k.a .
the phylum has a wide range of body forms , including the flattened , deep-sea platyctenids , in which the adults of most species lack combs , and the coastal beroids , which lack tentacles and prey on other ctenophores by using huge mouths armed with groups of large , stiffened cilia that act as teeth .
following the death of braddock , william shirley assumed command of british forces in north america .
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america .
uk law only required £1 of capital to start a company , while denmark 's legislature took the view companies should only be started up if they had 200,000 danish krone ( around €27,000 ) to protect creditors if the company failed and went insolvent .
his records indicate that the device is based on a narrow stream of small tungsten pellets that are accelerated via high voltage ( by means akin to his magnifying transformer ) .
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across .
the second was the late 1970s , when tom baker occasionally drew audiences of over 12 million .
for this reason , glaucophyte chloroplasts are also known as muroplasts .
an islamist movement influenced by salafism and the jihad in afghanistan , as well as the muslim brotherhood , was the fis or front islamique de salut ( the islamic salvation front ) in algeria .
it caused the most property damage of any earthquake in u.s. history , estimated at over $ 20 billion .
the warfare was definitively quelled in 1598 , when henry of navarre , having succeeded to the french throne as henry iv , and having recanted protestantism in favour of roman catholicism , issued the edict of nantes .
in march 1879 , milutin tesla went to maribor to beg his son to return home , but nikola refused .
euglenophyte chloroplasts have a pyrenoid and thylakoids stacked in groups of three .
oxfam 's claims have however been questioned on the basis of the methodology used : by using net wealth ( adding up assets and subtracting debts ) , the oxfam report , for instance , finds that there are more poor people in the united states and western europe than in china ( due to a greater tendency to take on debts ) .
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty .
his work in the formative years of electric power development was involved in a corporate alternating current/direct current " war of currents " as well as various patent battles .
this is not a problem except for patients on mechanical ventilators , since gas supplied through oxygen masks in medical applications is typically composed of only 30 % –50 % o 2 by volume ( about 30 kpa at standard pressure ) .
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes .
on the television side , in september 1969 , abc launched the movie of the week , a weekly showcase aimed at capitalizing on the growing success of made-for-tv movies since the early 1960s .
following the conservative victory in the 2015 uk election , standing orders of the house of commons were changed to give mps representing english constituencies a new " veto " over laws only affecting england .
simply refusing to preach the ten commandments among christians – thereby , as it were , removing the three letters l-a-w from the church – does not eliminate the accusing law .
his railing against the sale of indulgences was based on it .
a " plugs-out " test was planned for january , which would simulate a launch countdown on lc-34 with the spacecraft transferring from pad-supplied to internal power .
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area .
older than the game by 23 years , the harvard-yale regatta was the original source of the athletic rivalry between the two schools .
as a result , xenoliths are older than the rock which contains them .
he received congratulatory letters from more than 70 pioneers in science and engineering , including albert einstein .
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting .
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare .
the crew of apollo 8 sent the first live televised pictures of the earth and the moon back to earth , and read from the creation story in the book of genesis , on christmas eve , 1968. an estimated one-quarter of the population of the world saw—either live or delayed—the christmas eve transmission during the ninth orbit of the moon .
one of its earliest massive implementations was brought about by egyptians against the british occupation in the 1919 revolution .
it stands on the vistula river in east-central poland , roughly 260 kilometres ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea and 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains .
in the week before the launch , rumours started to surface that bskyb was having supply issues with its set top box ( stb ) from manufacturer thomson .
leonard goldenson agreed to acquire a 25 % interest in cfto-tv ; however , legislation by the canadian radio-television commission prohibited abc 's involvement , resulting in the company withdrawing from the project before the station 's launch .
that same year , capital cities/abc purchased the french animation studio dic entertainment ; it also signed an agreement with time warner cable to carry its owned-and-operated television stations on the provider 's systems in abc o & o markets .
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku .
in accordance with his father 's wishes , luther enrolled in law school at the same university that year but dropped out almost immediately , believing that law represented uncertainty .
he set the nfl 's all-time record for career passing yards in this game , but was benched after throwing four interceptions in favor of backup quarterback brock osweiler , who took over as the starter for most of the remainder of the regular season .
however , his religious views remain uncertain due to other statements that he made .
however , over the past decade warsaw has seen many improvements due to solid economic growth , an increase in foreign investment as well as funding from the european union .
proving that any of these classes are unequal would be a major breakthrough in complexity theory .
doctor who also spawned spin-offs in multiple media , including torchwood ( 2006–2011 ) and the sarah jane adventures ( 2007–2011 ) , both created by russell t davies ; k-9 ( 2009–2010 ) ; and a single pilot episode of k-9 and company ( 1981 ) .
civil disobedients ' refraining from violence is also said to help preserve society 's tolerance of civil disobedience .
o2 has a bond length of 121 pm and a bond energy of 498 kj·mol−1 , which is smaller than the energy of other double bonds or pairs of single bonds in the biosphere and responsible for the exothermic reaction of o2 with any organic molecule .
decisions in-between the four-year meetings are made by the mission council ( usually consisting of church bishops ) .
despite denver 's excellent field position , they could not get the ball into the end zone , so mcmanus kicked a 33-yard field goal that increased their lead to 13–7 .
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage .
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen .
notable exceptions were : the daleks ' master plan , which aired in 12 episodes ( plus an earlier one-episode teaser , " mission to the unknown " , featuring none of the regular cast ) ; almost an entire season of seven-episode serials ( season 7 ) ; the 10-episode serial the war games ; and the trial of a time lord , which ran for 14 episodes ( albeit divided into three production codes and four narrative segments ) during season 23. occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy .
the galician–volhynian chronicle alleges he was killed by the western xia in battle , while marco polo wrote that he died after the infection of an arrow wound he received during his final campaign .
by the 15th-century , portuguese voyager duarte barbosa claimed that " mombasa is a place of great traffic and has a good harbour in which there are always moored small craft of many kinds and also great ships , both of which are bound from sofala and others which come from cambay and melinde and others which sail to the island of zanzibar . "
in addition to supplying these drugs , specialty pharmacies also provide lab monitoring , adherence counseling , and assist patients with cost-containment strategies needed to obtain their expensive specialty drugs .
based on principles laid out by william smith almost a hundred years before the publication of charles darwin 's theory of evolution , the principles of succession were developed independently of evolutionary thought .
budget cuts forced the cancellation of three of these .
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit .
a controversial aspect of imperialism is the defense and justification of empire-building based on seemingly rational grounds .
the network had earlier reached an eleventh-hour deal to renew its carriage agreement with the provider on december 31 , 1999. abc filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to force twc to restore the affected stations ; the fcc ruled in favor of abc , ordering time warner cable to restore the stations , doing so on the afternoon of may 2. abc ended the 2000–01 season as the most-watched network , ahead of nbc .
the northern pride festival and parade is held in leazes park and in the city 's gay community in mid july .
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . "
meps divide , as they do in national parliaments , along political party lines : the conservative european people 's party is currently the largest , and the party of european socialists leads the opposition .
the conservation of momentum can be directly derived from the homogeneity or symmetry of space and so is usually considered more fundamental than the concept of a force .
from this he surmised that nitroaereus is consumed in both respiration and combustion .
however , there was a riot at buckland valley near bright in 1857. conditions on the gold fields were cramped and unsanitary ; an outbreak of typhoid at buckland valley in 1854 killed over 1,000 miners .
he expanded on the signals he heard in a 9 february 1901 collier 's weekly article " talking with planets " where he said it had not been immediately apparent to him that he was hearing " intelligently controlled signals " and that the signals could come from mars , venus , or other planets .
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them .
a high-gain s-band antenna was used for long-distance communications on the lunar flights .
[ citation needed ] in the united states , in order for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid , it must be issued for a legitimate medical purpose by a licensed practitioner acting in the course of legitimate doctor-patient relationship .
in the egyptian parliamentary election , 2011–2012 , the political parties identified as " islamist " ( the brotherhood 's freedom and justice party , salafi al-nour party and liberal islamist al-wasat party ) won 75 % of the total seats .
newcastle upon tyne ( rp : i/ˌnjuːkɑːsəl əˌpɒn ˈtaɪn/ ; locally : i/njuːˌkæsəl əˌpən ˈtaɪn/ ) , commonly known as newcastle , is a city in tyne and wear , north east england , 103 miles ( 166 km ) south of edinburgh and 277 miles ( 446 km ) north of london on the northern bank of the river tyne , 8.5 mi ( 13.7 km ) from the north sea .
warsaw has also two botanic gardens : by the łazienki park ( a didactic-research unit of the university of warsaw ) as well as by the park of culture and rest in powsin ( a unit of the polish academy of science ) .
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits .
there are many bars on the bigg market , and other popular areas for nightlife are collingwood street , popularly referred to as the 'diamond strip ' due to its concentration of high-end bars , neville street , the central station area and osborne road in the jesmond area of the city .
much of the work of the scottish parliament is done in committee .
his loyal secretary , dorothy skerrit , wrote : " his genial smile and nobility of bearing always denoted the gentlemanly characteristics that were so ingrained in his soul . "
they are all equally powerful in principle , but when resources ( such as time or space ) are bounded , some of these may be more powerful than others .
tfeu article 49 says states are exempt from infringing others ' freedom of establishment when they exercise " official authority " , but this did an advocate 's work ( as opposed to a court 's ) was not official .
two future opponents in the american revolutionary war , washington and thomas gage , played key roles in organizing the retreat .
on the evening of the same day , the couple was married by bugenhagen .
teachers may use a lesson plan to facilitate student learning , providing a course of study which is called the curriculum .
" nun komm , der heiden heiland " ( now come , savior of the gentiles ) , based on veni redemptor gentium , became the main hymn ( hauptlied ) for advent .
a number of researchers ( david rodda , jacob vigdor , and janna matlack ) , argue that a shortage of affordable housing – at least in the us – is caused in part by income inequality .
it is believed that np is not equal to co-np ; however , it has not yet been proven .
malcolm submitted , paid homage to william and surrendered his son duncan as a hostage , beginning a series of arguments as to whether the scottish crown owed allegiance to the king of england .
finally , the bbc reported that 17,000 customers had yet to receive the service due to failed deliveries .
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere .
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney .
the descendants of rollo 's vikings and their frankish wives would replace the norse religion and old norse language with catholicism ( christianity ) and the gallo-romance language of the local people , blending their maternal frankish heritage with old norse traditions and customs to synthesize a unique " norman " culture in the north of france .
in 1227 , genghis khan 's army attacked and destroyed the tangut capital of ning hia and continued to advance , seizing lintiao-fu , xining province , xindu-fu , and deshun province in quick succession in the spring .
some 5 million people may have lived in the amazon region in ad 1500 , divided between dense coastal settlements , such as that at marajó , and inland dwellers .
the electronic frontier foundation also offers $ 150,000 and $ 250,000 for primes with at least 100 million digits and 1 billion digits , respectively .
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3. however , computing a or μ requires the knowledge of infinitely many primes to begin with .
on october 6 , 1973 , syria and egypt , with support from other arab nations , launched a surprise attack on israel , on yom kippur .
geochronologists precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section in order to provide better absolute bounds on the timing and rates of deposition .
in 1959 , walt disney productions , having improved its financial situation , had purchased abc 's shares in the disneyland theme park for $ 7.5 million and initiated discussions to renew abc 's television contract for walt disney presents , which was due to expire in 1961. walt disney was approached by nbc to produce color broadcasts of his anthology series ( which would be renamed walt disney 's wonderful world of color ) .
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010. that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004. ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase .
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek .
lt col paul von lettow-vorbeck took command of the german military forces , determined to tie down as many british resources as possible .
first , linebacker shaq thompson tackled ronnie hillman for a 3-yard loss .
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900. james bryant conant led the university through the great depression and world war ii and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war .
gasquet ( 1908 ) claimed that the latin name atra mors ( black death ) for the 14th-century epidemic first appeared in modern times in 1631 in a book on danish history by j.i .
in middle age , tesla became a close friend of mark twain ; they spent a lot of time together in his lab and elsewhere .
it is larger than london 's famous hyde park and hampstead heath put together and the freemen of the city have the right to graze cattle on it .
from a poll done by the princeton review , harvard is the second most commonly named " dream college " , both for students and parents in 2013 , and was the first nominated by parents in 2009. in 2011 , the mines paristech : professional ranking world universities ranked harvard 1st university in the world in terms of number of alumni holding ceo position in fortune global 500 companies .
wages work in the same way as prices for any other good .
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water .
of particular concern with internet pharmacies is the ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
italian sculptors whose work is held by the museum include : bartolomeo bon , bartolomeo bellano , luca della robbia , giovanni pisano , donatello , agostino di duccio , andrea riccio , antonio rossellino , andrea del verrocchio , antonio lombardo , pier jacopo alari bonacolsi , andrea della robbia , michelozzo di bartolomeo , michelangelo ( represented by a freehand wax model and casts of his most famous sculptures ) , jacopo sansovino , alessandro algardi , antonio calcagni , benvenuto cellini ( medusa 's head dated c. 1547 ) , agostino busti , bartolomeo ammannati , giacomo della porta , giambologna ( samson slaying a philistine ( giambologna ) c. 1562 , his finest work outside italy ) , bernini ( neptune and triton c. 1622–3 ) , giovanni battista foggini , vincenzo foggini ( samson and the philistines ) , massimiliano soldani benzi , antonio corradini , andrea brustolon , giovanni battista piranesi , innocenzo spinazzi , canova , carlo marochetti and raffaelle monti .
west irvine includes the irvine tech center and jamboree business parks .
cryptophyte chloroplasts contain a nucleomorph that superficially resembles that of the chlorarachniophytes .
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989. american composer john debney created a new arrangement of ron grainer 's original theme for doctor who in 1996. for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series .
by the end of the emergency , the home guard had killed 4,686 mau mau , amounting to 42 % of the total insurgents .
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill .
it is dominated and heavily dependent upon abundance of petroleum , as opposed to other regions where automobiles not nearly as dominant , the vast majority of transport runs on this fuel .
the rhine-meuse delta is a tidal delta , shaped not only by the sedimentation of the rivers , but also by tidal currents .
the company energiprojekt ab in sweden has made progress in using modern materials for harnessing the power of steam .
killer t cells are activated when their t cell receptor ( tcr ) binds to this specific antigen in a complex with the mhc class i receptor of another cell .
the date of 2035 has been correctly quoted by the ipcc from the wwf report , which has misquoted its own source , an icsi report " variations of snow and ice in the past and at present on a global and regional scale " .
in 2013 , the peabody awards honoured doctor who with an institutional peabody " for evolving with technology and the times like nothing else in the known television universe . "
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation .
they retained the religious provisions of the edict of nantes until the rule of louis xiv , who progressively increased persecution of them until he issued the edict of fontainebleau ( 1685 ) , which abolished all legal recognition of protestantism in france , and forced the huguenots to convert .
around 1954 , abc agreed to finance disneyland in exchange for the right to broadcast a new sunday night program , disneyland , which debuted on the network on october 27 , 1954 as the first of many anthology television programs that disney would broadcast over the course of the next 50 years .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
none of the original treaties establishing the european union mention protection for fundamental rights .
when he went to his bed , he prayed , " into your hand i commit my spirit ; you have redeemed me , o lord , faithful god " ( ps . 31:5 ) , the common prayer of the dying .
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " .
as sea-level continued to rise in the netherlands , the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta began ( ~8,000 years ago ) .
on the other hand , in the late 1980s the western atlantic ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the black sea and sea of azov via the ballast tanks of ships , and has been blamed for causing sharp drops in fish catches by eating both fish larvae and small crustaceans that would otherwise feed the adult fish .
itv tyne tees was based at city road for over 40 years after its launch in january 1959. in 2005 it moved to a new facility on the watermark business park next to the metrocentre in gateshead .
in case of the ozone depletion global regulation based on the montreal protocol has been successful , in case of climate change , the kyoto protocol failed .
cbs introduced new features during the telecast , including pylon cameras and microphones along with eyevision 360—an array of 36 cameras along the upper deck that can be used to provide a 360-degree view of plays and " bullet time " effects .
the mermaid ( syrenka ) is warsaw 's symbol and can be found on statues throughout the city and on the city 's coat of arms .
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york .
waterlogged roots can also cause starch buildup in the chloroplasts , possibly due to less sucrose being exported out of the chloroplast ( or more accurately , the plant cell ) .
second , a citizen or company can invoke a directive , not just in a dispute with a public authority , but in a dispute with another citizen or company .
the programme 's first serial , an unearthly child , shows that the doctor has a granddaughter , susan foreman .
as such the european court of justice is bound to draw inspiration from the constitutional traditions common to the member states .
tesla did , however , attend lectures at the university , although , as an auditor , he did not receive grades for the courses .
geneva was john calvin 's adopted home and the centre of the calvinist movement .
its views were outlined in a pamphlet written by muhammad abd al-salaam farag , in which he states :
the prime ideals of the ring of integers are the ideals ( 0 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 11 ) , … the fundamental theorem of arithmetic generalizes to the lasker–noether theorem , which expresses every ideal in a noetherian commutative ring as an intersection of primary ideals , which are the appropriate generalizations of prime powers .
later under genghis khan 's grandson batu and the golden horde , the mongols returned to conquer volga bulgaria and kievan rus ' in 1237 , concluding the campaign in 1240 .
many customers order drugs from such pharmacies to avoid the " inconvenience " of visiting a doctor or to obtain medications which their doctors were unwilling to prescribe .
the oldest existing armed seal of warsaw is from the year 1390 , consisting of a round seal bordered with the latin inscription sigilium civitatis varsoviensis ( seal of the city of warsaw ) .
the park is open april through october , 6am to 10pm and november through march , 6am to 7pm .
on black hammock island in the national timucuan ecological and historic preserve , a university of north florida team discovered some of the oldest remnants of pottery in the united states , dating to 2500 bc .
during the ordinary legislative procedure , the council ( which are ministers from member state governments ) and the european parliament ( elected by citizens ) can make amendments and must give their consent for laws to pass .
the city has two universities — newcastle university and northumbria university .
to the north , the mi'kmaq and the abenaki were engaged in father le loutre 's war and still held sway in parts of nova scotia , acadia , and the eastern portions of the province of canada , as well as much of present-day maine .
:32 the classes were held in german , as it was a school within the austro-hungarian military frontier .
according to the secret history , temüjin again offered his friendship to jamukha , asking him to return to his side .
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army .
socialists attribute the vast disparities in wealth to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners , creating a situation where a small portion of the population lives off unearned property income by virtue of ownership titles in capital equipment , financial assets and corporate stock .
datapac was developed by bell northern research which was a joint venture of bell canada ( a common carrier ) and northern telecom ( a telecommunications equipment supplier ) .
the adaptive immune response is antigen-specific and requires the recognition of specific " non-self " antigens during a process called antigen presentation .
they may be appointed to the local church , or to other valid extension ministries of the church .
in " smith and jones " ( 2007 ) , when asked if he had a brother , he replied , " no , not any more . "
luther journeyed to mansfeld twice in late 1545 to participate in the negotiations for a settlement , and a third visit was needed in early 1546 for their completion .
following the peterloo massacre of 1819 , poet percy shelley wrote the political poem the mask of anarchy later that year , that begins with the images of what he thought to be the unjust forms of authority of his time—and then imagines the stirrings of a new form of social action .
the conference was held at the lovely lane methodist church , considered the mother church of american methodism .
temüjin began his ascent to power by offering himself as an ally ( or , according to other sources , a vassal ) to his father 's anda ( sworn brother or blood brother ) toghrul , who was khan of the keraites , and is better known by the chinese title " wang khan " , which the jurchen jin dynasty granted him in 1197. this relationship was first reinforced when börte was captured by the merkits .
he told washington that france 's claim to the region was superior to that of the british , since rené-robert cavelier , sieur de la salle had explored the ohio country nearly a century earlier .
as indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation and ecocide , such as in the peruvian amazon indigenous peoples ' rainforest communities continue to disappear , while others , like the urarina continue to struggle to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories .
bbc north east and cumbria is located to the north of the city on barrack road , spital tongues , in a building known , as the result of its colouring , as the pink palace .
edwards also comments that luther often deliberately used " vulgarity and violence " for effect , both in his writings condemning the jews and in diatribes against " turks " ( muslims ) and catholics .
the t. t. tsui gallery of chinese art opened in 1991 , displaying a representative collection of the v & as approximately 16,000 objects from china , dating from the 4th millennium bc to the present day .
competition amongst workers tends to drive down wages due to the expendable nature of the worker in relation to his or her particular job .
the rousing success of happy days also led to a successful spin-off series , laverne & shirley , which debuted in 1976. charlie 's angels and three 's company ( which debuted in 1977 ) were two prime examples of a trend among the major networks during the 1970s known as " jiggle tv " , featuring attractive , often buxom , women in main and guest roles .
the 2009 event will be in the norman foster designed sage gateshead music and arts centre in september .
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch .
céloron continued south until his expedition reached the confluence of the ohio and the miami rivers , which lay just south of the village of pickawillany , the home of the miami chief known as " old briton " .
tesla was asocial and prone to seclude himself with his work .
the key point is that the spirit of protest should be maintained all the way , whether it is done by remaining in jail , or by evading it .
rhodoplasts have chlorophyll a and phycobilins for photosynthetic pigments ; the phycobilin phycoerytherin is responsible for giving many red algae their distinctive red color .
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties .
narrow alleys or 'chares ' , most of which can only be traversed by foot , still exist in abundance , particularly around the riverside .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
nevertheless , his misguided agitation had the evil result that luther fatefully became one of the 'church fathers ' of anti-semitism and thus provided material for the modern hatred of the jews , cloaking it with the authority of the reformer . "
britain gained control of french canada and acadia , colonies containing approximately 80,000 primarily french-speaking roman catholic residents .
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku .
as part of this merger , the network would have been renamed " abc-dumont " for five years , and dumont would have received $ 5 million in cash , room on the schedule for existing dumont programming , and guaranteed advertising time for dumont laboratories receivers .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
southern california is also home to the port of los angeles , the united states ' busiest commercial port ; the adjacent port of long beach , the united states ' second busiest container port ; and the port of san diego .
there have been numerous attempts to revitalize the neighborhood , including the construction of a modern shopping center on the corner of fresno and b streets , an aborted attempt to build luxury homes and a golf course on the western edge of the neighborhood , and some new section 8 apartments have been built along church ave west of elm st. cargill meat solutions and foster farms both have large processing facilities in the neighborhood , and the stench from these ( and other small industrial facilities ) has long plagued area residents .
after a grand jury was convened to investigate , 11 officials were indicted and more were forced to resign .
in 1830 , the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church over the issue of laity having a voice and vote in the administration of the church , insisting that clergy should not be the only ones to have any determination in how the church was to be operated .
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people .
more recently the uk supreme court noted that in r ( hs2 action alliance ltd ) v secretary of state for transport , although the uk constitution is uncodified , there could be " fundamental principles " of common law , and parliament " did not either contemplate or authorise the abrogation " of those principles when it enacted the european communities act 1972. the view of the german constitutional court from the solange i and solange ii decisions is that if the eu does not comply with its basic constitutional rights and principles ( particularly democracy , the rule of law and the social state principles ) then it can not override german law .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway .
consequently , many huguenots considered the wealthy and calvinist dutch republic , which led the opposition to louis xiv , as the most attractive country for exile after the revocation of the edict of nantes .
from 1525 to 1529 , he established a supervisory church body , laid down a new form of worship service , and wrote a clear summary of the new faith in the form of two catechisms .
one key figure in the plans for what would come to be known as american empire , was a geographer named isiah bowman .
he received a bachelor 's degree in biblical studies on 9 march 1508 , and another bachelor 's degree in the sentences by peter lombard in 1509 .
every january , the university holds a week-long winter festival , kuviasungnerk/kangeiko , which include early morning exercise routines and fitness workshops .
they are sometimes called blue-green algae even though they are prokaryotes .
most of the huguenot congregations ( or individuals ) in north america eventually affiliated with other protestant denominations with more numerous members .
after banishing the zwickau prophets , he now faced a battle against not only the established church but also the radical reformers who threatened the new order by fomenting social unrest and violence .
before the return of the collections after the war , the britain can make it exhibition was held between september and november 1946 , attracting nearly a million and a half visitors .
the show globe was also used until the early 20th century .
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards .
in large parts , newcastle still retains a medieval street layout .
an extended lunar module weighed over 36,200 pounds ( 16,400 kg ) , and allowed surface stays of over 3 days .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
nasa announced the selection of grumman as the lem contractor in november 1962 .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
after each team punted , panthers quarterback cam newton appeared to complete a 24-yard pass jerricho cotchery , but the call was ruled an incompletion and upheld after a replay challenge .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
tuition at private secondary schools varies from school to school and depends on many factors , including the location of the school , the willingness of parents to pay , peer tuitions and the school 's financial endowment .
the principle behind vaccination ( also called immunization ) is to introduce an antigen from a pathogen in order to stimulate the immune system and develop specific immunity against that particular pathogen without causing disease associated with that organism .
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage .
when coal is used , a chain or screw stoking mechanism and its drive engine or motor may be included to move the fuel from a supply bin ( bunker ) to the firebox .
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida .
several procedures enable the scottish parliament to scrutinise the government .
in case of a shared physical medium ( such as radio or 10base5 ) , the packets may be delivered according to a multiple access scheme .
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers .
oxygen condenses at 90.20 k ( −182.95 °c , −297.31 °f ) , and freezes at 54.36 k ( −218.79 °c , −361.82 °f ) .
he retained the elevation of the host and chalice , while trappings such as the mass vestments , altar , and candles were made optional , allowing freedom of ceremony .
the umc is also a member of the wesleyan holiness consortium , which seeks to reconceive and promote biblical holiness in today 's church .
the answer , from bryan davies was that the museum intended to preserve and care for the collection and keep it available to the public , with items being redistributed to the british galleries , the medieval & renaissance galleries , and the planned new galleries for furniture and europe 1600–1800 , and that the horniman museum and other institutions were possible candidates for loans of material to ensure that the instruments remained publicly viewable .
the derbyshire arrangement served , with minor edits , as the theme tune up to the end of season 17 ( 1979–80 ) .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
the city grew as an important centre for the wool trade in the 14th century , and later became a major coal mining area .
maxime faget 's preliminary apollo design employed a cone-shaped command module , supported by one of several service modules providing propulsion and electrical power , sized appropriately for the space station , cislunar , and lunar landing missions .
westinghouse convinced tesla to release his company from the licensing agreement over tesla 's ac patents in exchange for westinghouse electric purchasing the patents for a lump sum payment of $ 216,000 ; this provided westinghouse a break from what , due to alternating current 's rapid gain in popularity , had turned out to be an overly generous $ 2.50 per ac horsepower royalty .
the warsaw stock exchange is one of the largest and most important in central and eastern europe .
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) .
since 1990 the president of warsaw had been elected by the city council .
it was in this place in tours that the prétendus réformés ( " these supposedly 'reformed ' " ) habitually gathered at night , both for political purposes , and for prayer and singing psalms .
over the long-term , this trend increases the organic composition of capital , meaning that less workers are required in proportion to capital inputs , increasing unemployment ( the " reserve army of labour " ) .
the chloroplasts of some hornworts and algae contain structures called pyrenoids .
it won the coveted sunday times university of the year award in 2000. northumbria university has its origins in the newcastle polytechnic , established in 1969 and became the university of northumbria at newcastle in 1992 as part of the uk-wide process in which polytechnics became new universities .
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982. this building is of concrete and very functional , the only embellishment being the iron gates by christopher hay and douglas coyne of the royal college of art .
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek .
the river now flows north as upper rhine through the upper rhine plain , which is about 300 km long and up to 40 km wide .
the species richness is mainly due to the location of warsaw within the border region of several big floral regions comprising substantial proportions of close-to-wilderness areas ( natural forests , wetlands along the vistula ) as well as arable land , meadows and forests .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population .
the presiding officer and deputies are elected by a secret ballot of the 129 msps , which is the only secret ballot conducted in the scottish parliament .
cobham 's thesis says that a problem can be solved with a feasible amount of resources if it admits a polynomial time algorithm .
john paul ii 's visits to his native country in 1979 and 1983 brought support to the budding solidarity movement and encouraged the growing anti-communist fervor there .
private fee-paying schools include parish schools run by the roman catholic church and independent schools similar to british public schools .
death wish coffee beat out nine other contenders from across the united states for the free advertisement .
7 to 10 percent of american physicians practices reportedly dispense drugs on their own .
among other grand ceremonies was a double coronation : richard caused himself to be crowned king of cyprus , and berengaria queen of england and queen of cyprus as well .
the construction of delta works changed the delta in the second half of the 20th century fundamentally .
hutchins eliminated varsity football from the university in an attempt to emphasize academics over athletics , instituted the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum known as the common core , and organized the university 's graduate work into its current [ when ? ]
the royal university of warsaw was established in 1816 .
bacteria often overcome physical barriers by secreting enzymes that digest the barrier , for example , by using a type ii secretion system .
during its original run , it was recognised for its imaginative stories , creative low-budget special effects , and pioneering use of electronic music ( originally produced by the bbc radiophonic workshop ) .
the internal cavity forms : a mouth that can usually be closed by muscles ; a pharynx ( " throat " ) ; a wider area in the center that acts as a stomach ; and a system of internal canals .
it is a theoretical device that manipulates symbols contained on a strip of tape .
perhaps the most significant difference between primary school and secondary school teaching is the relationship between teachers and children .
in 1965 , the corporate entity , american broadcasting-paramount theatres , was renamed as the american broadcasting companies , while its cinema division became abc theatres ; [ citation needed ] its recording division was renamed abc records in 1966. in december of that year , the abc television network premiered the dating game , a pioneer series in its genre , which was a reworking of the blind date concept in which a suitor selected one of three contestants sight unseen based on the answers to selected questions .
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies .
some buyers lamented the small size of the first japanese compacts , and both toyota and nissan ( then known as datsun ) introduced larger cars such as the toyota corona mark ii , the toyota cressida , the mazda 616 and datsun 810 , which added passenger space and amenities such as air conditioning , power steering , am-fm radios , and even power windows and central locking without increasing the price of the vehicle .
six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system , metrolink , run out of downtown los angeles , connecting los angeles , ventura , san bernardino , riverside , orange , and san diego counties with the other line connecting san bernardino , riverside , and orange counties directly .
it is conjectured that there are infinitely many twin primes , pairs of primes with difference 2 ( twin prime conjecture ) .
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g .
in 2007 , peter davison returned in the children in need short " time crash " alongside david tennant , and most recently in 2013 's 50th anniversary special episode , " the day of the doctor " , david tennant 's tenth doctor appeared alongside matt smith as the eleventh doctor and john hurt as the war doctor , as well as brief footage from all of the previous actors .
the role of teacher is often formal and ongoing , carried out at a school or other place of formal education .
to be recognized as local church lay servant , they must be recommended by their pastor and church council or charge conference , and complete the basic course for lay servant .
β-carotene is a bright red-orange carotenoid found in nearly all chloroplasts , like chlorophyll a. xanthophylls , especially the orange-red zeaxanthin , are also common .
the stress tensor accounts for forces that cause all strains ( deformations ) including also tensile stresses and compressions .
following the acquisition of california by the united states , the division continued as part of the attempt by several pro-slavery politicians to arrange the division of alta california at 36 degrees , 30 minutes , the line of the missouri compromise .
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue .
others migrated to places like saint-domingue , and fled to new orleans after the haitian revolution .
newton , however , realized that since all celestial bodies followed the same laws of motion , his law of gravity had to be universal .
plague remained a major event in ottoman society until the second quarter of the 19th century .
" :64 instead , edison offered a us $ 10 a week raise over tesla 's us $ 18 per week salary ; tesla refused the offer and immediately resigned .
although the 7–4–2–3 system theoretically ended with the introduction of the new 8–4–4 system in 1985 , the last batch of students from the former system graduated from kenyan universities in 1992 .
for instance , if t ( n ) = 7n2 + 15n + 40 , in big o notation one would write t ( n ) = o ( n2 ) .
as of august 2010 , victoria had 1,548 public schools , 489 catholic schools and 214 independent schools .
the largest co-ed independent school is the royal grammar school .
as the first intifada gathered momentum and palestinian shopkeepers closed their shops in support of the uprising , the brotherhood announced the formation of hamas ( " zeal " ) , devoted to jihad against israel .
in the late 17th century , robert boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion .
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water .
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism .
during that year , tesla worked in pittsburgh , helping to create an alternating current system to power the city 's streetcars .
his records indicate that the device is based on a narrow stream of small tungsten pellets that are accelerated via high voltage ( by means akin to his magnifying transformer ) .
starting in 1965 , donald davies at the national physical laboratory , uk , independently developed the same message routing methodology as developed by baran .
roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players also opened nearby in 1978 , [ citation needed ] at olive and wishon avenues . fresno native audra mcdonald performed in the leading roles of evita and the wiz at the theater while she was a high school student .
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks .
during the oligocene , for example , the rainforest spanned a relatively narrow band .
as of 2012 [ update ] , harvard university had a total financial aid reserve of $ 159 million for students , and a pell grant reserve of $ 4.093 million available for disbursement .
as opposed to broadcasts of primetime series , cbs broadcast special episodes of its late night talk shows as its lead-out programs for super bowl 50 , beginning with a special episode of the late show with stephen colbert following the game .
under the treaty on european union article 19 ( 2 ) there is one judge from each member state , 28 at present , who are supposed to " possess the qualifications required for appointment to the highest judicial offices " ( or for the general court , the " ability required for appointment to high judicial office " ) .
his method is described in the jade mirror of the four unknowns , written in 1303. the opening pages contain a diagram of pascal 's triangle .
the confederation of the rhine was established by napoleon , as a french client state , in 1806 and lasted until 1814 , during which time it served as a significant source of resources and military manpower for the first french empire .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
vaginal secretions serve as a chemical barrier following menarche , when they become slightly acidic , while semen contains defensins and zinc to kill pathogens .
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway .
the bond can be variously described based on level of theory , but is reasonably and simply described as a covalent double bond that results from the filling of molecular orbitals formed from the atomic orbitals of the individual oxygen atoms , the filling of which results in a bond order of two .
highly concentrated sources of oxygen promote rapid combustion .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
the annual animal migration occurs between june and september with millions of animals taking part , attracting valuable foreign tourism .
in 2011 , the theme tune charted at number 228 of radio station classic fm 's hall of fame , a survey of classical music tastes .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force .
a few chloroplast genes found new homes in the mitochondrial genome—most became nonfunctional pseudogenes , though a few trna genes still work in the mitochondrion .
the alsace on the left banks of the upper rhine was sold to burgundy by archduke sigismund of austria in 1469 and eventually fell to france in the thirty years ' war .
primary school is free in public schools and those who exit at this level can join a vocational youth/village polytechnic or make their own arrangements for an apprenticeship program and learn a trade such as tailoring , carpentry , motor vehicle repair , brick-laying and masonry for about two years .
for example , the multiplication of two integers can be expressed as the set of triples ( a , b , c ) such that the relation a × b = c holds .
the competition resulted in edison machine works pursuing ac development in 1890 and by 1892 thomas edison was no longer in control of his own company , which was consolidated into the conglomerate general electric and converting to an ac delivery system at that point .
the appletalk system automatically assigned addresses , updated the distributed namespace , and configured any required inter-network routing .
gothic architecture is represented in the majestic churches but also at the burgher houses and fortifications .
ends the debate about the etiology of the black death , and unambiguously demonstrates that y. pestis was the causative agent of the epidemic plague that devastated europe during the middle ages " .
a study by the american association of university women reported that 9.6 % of students in the united states claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education ; be they a volunteer , bus driver , teacher , administrator or other adult ; sometime during their educational career .
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) .
the british were supported in the war by the iroquois six nations , and also by the cherokee – until differences sparked the anglo-cherokee war in 1758. in 1758 the pennsylvania government successfully negotiated the treaty of easton , in which a number of tribes in the ohio country promised neutrality in exchange for land concessions and other considerations .
following the initial success of these series , abc revamped its friday night schedule around family-friendly comedies in the late 1980s , culminating in the 1989 debut of the " tgif " block ( which promotions referenced stood for " thank goodness it 's funny " ) .
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started .
it has been claimed that the hungarians under ferenc deák directed revolutionary civil disobedience against the austrian government .
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com .
from 1525 to 1529 , he established a supervisory church body , laid down a new form of worship service , and wrote a clear summary of the new faith in the form of two catechisms .
after the revocation of the edict of nantes in 1685 , several huguenot families of norman and carolingian nobility and descent , including edmund bohun of suffolk england from the humphrey de bohun line of french royalty descended from charlemagne , jean postell of dieppe france , alexander pepin , antoine poitevin of orsement france , and jacques de bordeaux of grenoble , immigrated to the charleston orange district .
mueller agreed , and phillips managed apollo from january 1964 , until it achieved the first manned landing in july 1969 , after which he returned to air force duty .
the account of his travels , il milione ( or , the million , known in english as the travels of marco polo ) , appeared about the year 1299. some argue over the accuracy of marco polo 's accounts due to the lack of mentioning the great wall of china , tea houses , which would have been a prominent sight since europeans had yet to adopt a tea culture , as well the practice of foot binding by the women in capital of the great khan .
the state symbols include the pink heath ( state flower ) , leadbeater 's possum ( state animal ) and the helmeted honeyeater ( state bird ) .
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine .
luther 's boldest assertion in the debate was that matthew 16:18 does not confer on popes the exclusive right to interpret scripture , and that therefore neither popes nor church councils were infallible .
southern california consists of one combined statistical area , eight metropolitan statistical areas , one international metropolitan area , and multiple metropolitan divisions .
specialty pharmacies supply high cost injectable , oral , infused , or inhaled medications that are used for chronic and complex disease states such as cancer , hepatitis , and rheumatoid arthritis .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
the complexity class np , on the other hand , contains many problems that people would like to solve efficiently , but for which no efficient algorithm is known , such as the boolean satisfiability problem , the hamiltonian path problem and the vertex cover problem .
in may 2006 , the irish broadcaster setanta sports was awarded two of the six premier league packages that the english fa offered to broadcasters .
in addition , helper t cell activation causes an upregulation of molecules expressed on the t cell 's surface , such as cd40 ligand ( also called cd154 ) , which provide extra stimulatory signals typically required to activate antibody-producing b cells .
members of the united methodist church who identify with the pro-life position have organized into the taskforce of united methodists on abortion and sexuality ( tumas ) to further their position within the denomination .
these engines are mainly used in toys and models , because of their simplicity , but have also been used in full size working engines , mainly on ships where their compactness is valued .
while the preparation of the assessment reports is a major ipcc function , it also supports other activities , such as the data distribution centre and the national greenhouse gas inventories programme , required under the unfccc .
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school .
elie prioleau from the town of pons in france , was among the first to settle there .
similarly , orientalism is a view of a people based on their geographical location .
in his travels to egypt , afghanistan , palestine and syria , he promoted ideas of greater islamic political co-operation and unity , calling for the shedding of nationalist differences .
in 1529 , he wrote the large catechism , a manual for pastors and teachers , as well as a synopsis , the small catechism , to be memorised by the people themselves .
many centuries later leonardo da vinci built on philo 's work by observing that a portion of air is consumed during combustion and respiration .
despite popular prejudices to the contrary , the u.s. economy consistently affords a lower level of economic mobility than all the continental european countries for which data is available . "
the exception was the role of genghis khan and his family .
in comparing these particles with the bits of metal projected by his " electric gun , " tesla said , " the particles in the beam of force ... will travel much faster than such particles ... and they will travel in concentrations . "
janet gray and other supporters of the hypothesis suggest that the name huguenote would be roughly equivalent to little hugos , or those who want hugo .
southern california is divided culturally , politically , and economically into distinctive regions , each containing its own culture and atmosphere , anchored usually by a city with both national and sometimes global recognition , which are often the hub of economic activity for its respective region and being home to many tourist destinations .
however , kusala suddenly died only four days after a banquet with tugh temür .
with 4:51 left in regulation , carolina got the ball on their own 24-yard line with a chance to mount a game-winning drive , and soon faced 3rd-and-9 .
high and persistent unemployment , in which inequality increases , has a negative effect on subsequent long-run economic growth .
sky picked up the remaining four for £1.3bn .
nestorian graves dating to 1338–39 near lake issyk kul in kyrgyzstan have inscriptions referring to plague and are thought by many epidemiologists to mark the outbreak of the epidemic , from which it could easily have spread to china and india .
stress can be caused by organizational change , relationships with students , fellow teachers , and administrative personnel , working environment , expectations to substitute , long hours with a heavy workload , and inspections .
three of his best-known works were published in 1520 : to the christian nobility of the german nation , on the babylonian captivity of the church , and on the freedom of a christian .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
abc 's flagship productions at the time were the lone ranger , based on the radio program of the same title , and the adventures of ozzie and harriet , the latter of which ( at 13 seasons , running from 1952 to 1965 ) held the record for the longest-running prime time comedy in u.s. television history , until it was surpassed by the simpsons in 2002 .
instead , the jin commander sent a messenger , ming-tan , to the mongol side , who defected and told the mongols that the jin army was waiting on the other side of the pass .
for its part , abc was on the verge of bankruptcy , with only five owned-and-operated stations and nine full-time affiliates .
new forms include partnering such as public-private partnering ( ppps ) aka private finance initiatives ( pfis ) and alliances such as " pure " or " project " alliances and " impure " or " strategic " alliances .
self-fertilization has occasionally been seen in species of the genus mnemiopsis , and it is thought that most of the hermaphroditic species are self-fertile .
the cities and communities along interstate 15 and interstate 215 are so inter-related that temecula and murrieta have as much connection with the san diego metropolitan area as they do with the inland empire .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
some of the world 's legendary surf spots are in southern california as well , including trestles , rincon , the wedge , huntington beach , and malibu , and it is second only to the island of oahu in terms of famous surf breaks .
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls .
for example , the connectional table , a governing committee , has voted in favor of a proposal that calls for a localized option , which would permit ministers to officiate same-sex weddings , and it would allow conferences to ordain gay clergy .
steven r. ward wrote that " overall , the mongol violence and depredations killed up to three-fourths of the population of the iranian plateau , possibly 10 to 15 million people .
though there is no official definition for the northern boundary of southern california , such a division has existed from the time when mexico ruled california , and political disputes raged between the californios of monterey in the upper part and los angeles in the lower part of alta california .
in favorable circumstances , ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day .
the university 's competitive model united nations team was the top ranked team in north america in 2013-14 and 2014-2015. among notable rsos are the nation 's longest continuously running student film society doc films , organizing committee for the university of chicago scavenger hunt , the twice-weekly student newspaper the chicago maroon , the alternative weekly student newspaper south side weekly , the nation 's second oldest continuously running student improvisational theater troupe off-off campus , and the university-owned radio station whpk .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
gasquet ( 1908 ) claimed that the latin name atra mors ( black death ) for the 14th-century epidemic first appeared in modern times in 1631 in a book on danish history by j.i .
the aim of the uniflow is to remedy this defect and improve efficiency by providing an additional port uncovered by the piston at the end of each stroke making the steam flow only in one direction .
luther secretly returned to wittenberg on 6 march 1522. he wrote to the elector : " during my absence , satan has entered my sheepfold , and committed ravages which i can not repair by writing , but only by my personal presence and living word . "
informal learning may be assisted by a teacher occupying a transient or ongoing role , such as a family member , or by anyone with knowledge or skills in the wider community setting .
the affected region was approximate 1,160,000 square miles ( 3,000,000 km2 ) of rainforest , compared to 734,000 square miles ( 1,900,000 km2 ) in 2005. the 2010 drought had three epicenters where vegetation died off , whereas in 2005 the drought was focused on the southwestern part .
q stands for the quaternary period .
during the protestant reformation , lefevre , a professor at the university of paris , published his french translation of the new testament in 1523 , followed by the whole bible in the french language in 1530. william farel was a student of lefevre who went on to become a leader of the swiss reformation , establishing a protestant government in geneva .
:110 he was quick to criticize clothing ; on several occasions , tesla directed a subordinate to go home and change her dress .
on march 17 , 1752 , the governor-general of new france , marquis de la jonquière , died and was temporarily replaced by charles le moyne de longueuil .
the system is currently undergoing a period of refurbishment and modernization , entitled 'metro : all change . '
apollo was grounded again , for the remainder of 1970 while the oxygen tank was redesigned and an extra one was added .
wiesner blurted out " no , that 's no good " in front of the press , during a presentation by von braun .
there are infinitely many primes , as demonstrated by euclid around 300 bc .
luther described this period of his life as one of deep spiritual despair .
under the scotland act 1998 , ordinary general elections for the scottish parliament are held on the first thursday in may every four years ( 1999 , 2003 , 2007 and so on ) .
most work has been done on the spread of the plague in england , and even estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100 % as no census was undertaken between the time of publication of the domesday book and the year 1377. estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy .
during the second world war , warsaw was razed to the ground by bombing raids and planned destruction .
the capabilities approach – sometimes called the human development approach – looks at income inequality and poverty as form of “ capability deprivation ” .
in the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ( lds church ) , the teacher is an office in the aaronic priesthood , generally conferred on young boys or recent converts , and has little in common with the " spiritual teacher " archetype .
he came back to lahore in 1908. while dividing his time between law practice and philosophical poetry , iqbal had remained active in the muslim league .
in macroscopic closed systems , nonconservative forces act to change the internal energies of the system , and are often associated with the transfer of heat .
he died in 1227 after defeating the western xia .
this was followed up in july 1966 by the newlywed game , featuring three recently married couples who guessed the responses to their partner 's questions ( some of which were fairly risque ) .
like the lombardi trophy , the " 50 " will be designed by tiffany & co .
the alps are part of the great dividing range mountain system extending east-west through the centre of victoria .
it also featured the specially filmed mini-episode " music of the spheres " , written by russell t davies and starring david tennant .
half of paris 's population of 100,000 people died .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
algiers lost 30 to 50 thousand inhabitants to it in 1620–21 , and again in 1654–57 , 1665 , 1691 , and 1740–42 .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
the show has received recognition as one of britain 's finest television programmes , winning the 2006 british academy television award for best drama series and five consecutive ( 2005–2010 ) awards at the national television awards during russell t davies ' tenure as executive producer .
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp .
steven r. ward wrote that " overall , the mongol violence and depredations killed up to three-fourths of the population of the iranian plateau , possibly 10 to 15 million people .
the neighborhood features restaurants , live theater and nightclubs , as well as several independent shops and bookstores , currently operating on or near olive avenue , and all within a few hundred feet of each other .
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow .
the people of these climates were believed to be in need of guidance and intervention from the european empire to aid in the governing of a more evolved social structure ; they were seen as incapable of such a feat .
the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience took place during the roman empire [ citation needed ] .
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality .
it further contends that only a minority of the genetic material is kept in circular chromosomes while the rest is in branched , linear , or other complex structures .
breathing pure o 2 in space applications , such as in some modern space suits , or in early spacecraft such as apollo , causes no damage due to the low total pressures used .
the two innermost lipid-bilayer membranes that surround all chloroplasts correspond to the outer and inner membranes of the ancestral cyanobacterium 's gram negative cell wall , and not the phagosomal membrane from the host , which was probably lost .
in september 1760 , and before any hostilities erupted , governor vaudreuil negotiated from montreal a capitulation with general amherst .
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event .
the french acquired a copy of the british war plans , including the activities of shirley and johnson .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
with the development of quantum field theory and general relativity , it was realized that force is a redundant concept arising from conservation of momentum ( 4-momentum in relativity and momentum of virtual particles in quantum electrodynamics ) .
about 0.9 % of the sun 's mass is oxygen .
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages .
while the fulton mall corridor has suffered a sharp decline from its heyday , the mall includes some of the finest public art pieces in the country , including the only pierre-auguste renoir piece in the world that one can walk up to and touch .
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs .
the earliest known reference to immunity was during the plague of athens in 430 bc .
this made the 4-cylinder triple-expansion engine popular with large passenger liners ( such as the olympic class ) , but this was ultimately replaced by the virtually vibration-free turbine engine .
they may exist to increase the chloroplast 's surface area for cross-membrane transport , because they are often branched and tangled with the endoplasmic reticulum .
for example , isaac newton unified the force responsible for objects falling at the surface of the earth with the force responsible for the orbits of celestial mechanics in his universal theory of gravitation .
secondary sources include regulations and directives which are based on the treaties .
in 2005 agriculture , including forestry and fishing , accounted for 24 % of gdp , as well as for 18 % of wage employment and 50 % of revenue from exports .
instead , he took the conquered tribe under his protection and integrated its members into his own tribe .
jacksonville is in the first coast region of northeast florida and is centered on the banks of the st. johns river , about 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of the georgia state line and about 340 miles ( 550 km ) north of miami .
to prevent such inequality , this approach believes it ’ s important to have political freedom , economic facilities , social opportunities , transparency guarantees , and protective security to ensure that people aren ’ t denied their functionings , capabilities , and agency and can thus work towards a better relevant income .
type i hypersensitivity is mediated by ige , which triggers degranulation of mast cells and basophils when cross-linked by antigen .
:33 however , toward the end of his life , he told a reporter , " sometimes i feel that by not marrying , i made too great a sacrifice to my work ... " there have been numerous accounts of women vying for tesla 's affection , even some madly in love with him .
there , he explored the mountains in hunter 's garb .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
several microplates were caught in the squeeze and rotated or were pushed laterally , generating the individual features of mediterranean geography : iberia pushed up the pyrenees ; italy , the alps , and anatolia , moving west , the mountains of greece and the islands .
for instance , with low inequality a country with a growth rate of 2 % per head and 40 % of its population living in poverty , can halve poverty in ten years , but a country with high inequality would take nearly 60 years to achieve the same reduction .
from italy , the disease spread northwest across europe , striking france , spain , portugal and england by june 1348 , then turned and spread east through germany and scandinavia from 1348 to 1350. it was introduced in norway in 1349 when a ship landed at askøy , then spread to bjørgvin ( modern bergen ) and iceland .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
the islamic republic has also maintained its hold on power in iran in spite of us economic sanctions , and has created or assisted like-minded shia terrorist groups in iraq , egypt , syria , jordan ( sciri ) and lebanon ( hezbollah ) ( two muslim countries that also have large shiite populations ) .
education , especially in an area where there is a high demand for workers , creates high wages for those with this education , however , increases in education first increase and then decrease growth as well as income inequality .
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations ( broadcasting either in analog or digital ) in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama ( wbma-ld ) , lima , ohio ( wlqp-lp ) and south bend , indiana ( wbnd-ld ) .
the report claimed that these noise levels would have a negative long-term impact on the health of the city 's residents .
today , the treaty of lisbon prohibits anti-competitive agreements in article 101 ( 1 ) , including price fixing .
despite denver 's excellent field position , they could not get the ball into the end zone , so mcmanus kicked a 33-yard field goal that increased their lead to 13–7 .
this has traditionally been called the " third use of the law . "
killer t cells are a sub-group of t cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses ( and other pathogens ) , or are otherwise damaged or dysfunctional .
the " west side " of fresno , also often called " southwest fresno " , is one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city .
the rhine flows into it from the south following the swiss-austrian border .
they often participate in patient care rounds drug product selection .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
the highest level is called the general conference and is the only organization which may speak officially for the church .
early colour videotape recordings made off-air by fans have also been retrieved , as well as excerpts filmed from the television screen onto 8 mm cine film and clips that were shown on other programmes .
they must report and reapply annually ; and they must complete at least one advanced course every three years .
many centuries later leonardo da vinci built on philo 's work by observing that a portion of air is consumed during combustion and respiration .
the highest level is called the general conference and is the only organization which may speak officially for the church .
employers who offer a below market wage will find that their business is chronically understaffed .
the prime ideals of the ring of integers are the ideals ( 0 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 11 ) , … the fundamental theorem of arithmetic generalizes to the lasker–noether theorem , which expresses every ideal in a noetherian commutative ring as an intersection of primary ideals , which are the appropriate generalizations of prime powers .
however , mughal emperors directly patronized the legacies of genghis khan and timur ; together their names were synonymous with the names of other distinguished personalities particularly among the muslim populations of south asia .
this has the end result of atp energy being wasted and co2 being released , all with no sugar being produced .
the better jacksonville plan , promoted as a blueprint for jacksonville 's future and approved by jacksonville voters in 2000 , authorized a half-penny sales tax .
in official chinese histories , the yuan dynasty bore the mandate of heaven , following the song dynasty and preceding the ming dynasty .
on april 21 , 2004 , disney announced a restructuring of its disney media networks division with anne sweeney being named president of abc parent disney–abc television group , and espn president george bodenheimer becoming co-ceo of the division with sweeney , as well as president of abc sports .
on september 3 , 1958 , the disneyland anthology series was retitled walt disney presents as it became disassociated with the theme park of the same name .
the first historical reference to warsaw dates back to the year 1313 , at a time when kraków served as the polish capital city .
at that time , it did not yet carry discharge from the alps ; instead , the watersheds of the rhone and danube drained the northern flanks of the alps .
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion ( due to fermionic nature of electrons ) follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects .
such economic separation was the condition of the refugees ' initial acceptance in the city .
a rudimentary steam turbine device was described by taqi al-din in 1551 and by giovanni branca in 1629. jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont received patents in 1606 for fifty steam powered inventions , including a water pump for draining inundated mines .
in accordance with his father 's wishes , luther enrolled in law school at the same university that year but dropped out almost immediately , believing that law represented uncertainty .
the income gap in other countries ranges from 53 % in botswana to -40 % in bahrain .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
like other 'unconventional ' t cell subsets bearing invariant tcrs , such as cd1d-restricted natural killer t cells , γδ t cells straddle the border between innate and adaptive immunity .
one of the finest objects displayed is suzuki chokichi 's bronze incense burner ( koro ) dated 1875 , standing at over 2.25 metres high and 1.25 metres in diameter it is also one of the largest examples made .
the book of discipline also recognizes the importance of the chalcedonian creed of the council of chalcedon .
tesla may have inadvertently captured an x-ray image—predating , by a few weeks , wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 announcement of the discovery of x-rays—when he tried to photograph mark twain illuminated by a geissler tube , an earlier type of gas discharge tube .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
likewise , newton 's second law of motion can be used to derive an analogous equation for the instantaneous angular acceleration of the rigid body :
some theories developed in the 1970s established possible avenues through which inequality may have a positive effect on economic development .
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit .
due to the fact that the bureaucracy was dominated by el temür , tugh temür is known for his cultural contribution instead .
genghis khan put absolute trust in his generals , such as muqali , jebe and subutai , and regarded them as close advisors , often extending them the same privileges and trust normally reserved for close family members .
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 .
wbt will also simulcast the game on its sister station wbt-fm ( 99.3 fm ) , which is based in chester , south carolina .
parallel spins ) the spatial variables must be antisymmetric ( i.e .
on july 23 , 1963 , webb announced mueller 's appointment as deputy associate administrator for manned space flight , to replace then associate administrator d. brainerd holmes on his retirement effective september 1. under webb 's reorganization , the directors of the manned spacecraft center ( gilruth ) marshall space flight center ( von braun ) and the launch operations center ( debus ) effectively reported to mueller .
spain ceded florida to the british in 1763 after the french and indian war , and the british soon constructed the king 's road connecting st. augustine to georgia .
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity .
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966. ten years later , the first original doctor who audio was released on lp record ; doctor who and the pescatons featuring the fourth doctor .
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites .
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s .
preparatory schools in the uk prepare pupils aged up to 13 years old to enter public schools .
as of august 2009 [ update ] , the chairman of the board of trustees is andrew alper , and the president of the university is robert zimmer .
oxygen was discovered independently by carl wilhelm scheele , in uppsala , in 1773 or earlier , and joseph priestley in wiltshire , in 1774 , but priestley is often given priority because his work was published first .
it is conjectured that there are infinitely many twin primes , pairs of primes with difference 2 ( twin prime conjecture ) .
wrapped around the grana are helicoid stromal thylakoids , also known as frets or lamellar thylakoids .
imperialism was a basic component to the conquests of genghis khan during the mongol empire , and of other war-lords .
nearly 50,000 huguenots established themselves in germany , 20,000 of whom were welcomed in brandenburg-prussia , where they were granted special privileges ( edict of potsdam ) and churches in which to worship ( such as the church of st. peter and st. paul , angermünde ) by frederick william , elector of brandenburg and duke of prussia .
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards .
article 65 of the agreement banned cartels and article 66 made provisions for concentrations , or mergers , and the abuse of a dominant position by companies .
france concentrated its forces against prussia and its allies in the european theatre of the war .
like the lombardi trophy , the " 50 " will be designed by tiffany & co .
many of the same decisions and principles that apply in other criminal investigations and arrests arise also in civil disobedience cases .
scientists have attempted to observe chloroplast replication via electron microscopy since the 1970s .
luther 's thought is revolutionary to the extent that it is a theology of the cross , the negation of every affirmation : as long as the cross is at the center , the system building tendency of reason is held in check , and system building does not degenerate into system .
while most internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs and require a valid prescription , some internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs without requiring a prescription .
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) .
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams .
revolutionary civil disobedience is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ( or to change cultural traditions , social customs , religious beliefs , etc ... revolution does n't have to be political , i.e .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
the court of justice reasoned that narcotic drugs were controlled in all member states , and so this differed from other cases where prostitution or other quasi-legal activity was subject to restriction .
william invaded scotland in 1072 , riding as far as abernethy where he met up with his fleet of ships .
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health .
abc also owns the times square studios at 1500 broadway on land in times square owned by a development fund for the 42nd street project ; opened in 1999 , good morning america and nightline are broadcast from this particular facility .
on 31 july 2013 , bskyb and microsoft announced their settlement , in which microsoft will not appeal the ruling , and will rename its skydrive cloud storage service after an unspecified " reasonable period of time to allow for an orderly transition to a new brand , " plus " financial and other terms , the details of which are confidential " .
louise de coligny , daughter of the murdered huguenot leader gaspard de coligny , married william the silent , leader of the dutch ( calvinist ) revolt against spanish ( catholic ) rule .
on 27 january 2014 , microsoft announced " that skydrive will soon become onedrive " and " skydrive pro " becomes " onedrive for business " .
this fragmentation was decisive in khwarezmia 's defeats , as it allowed the mongols , although exhausted from the long journey , to immediately set about defeating small fractions of the khwarzemi forces instead of facing a unified defense .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
philo incorrectly surmised that parts of the air in the vessel were converted into the classical element fire and thus were able to escape through pores in the glass .
for example , depictions of opulent american lifestyles in the soap opera dallas during the cold war changed the expectations of romanians ; a more recent example is the influence of smuggled south korean drama series in north korea .
at the columbian exposition , under a banner announcing the " tesla polyphase system " , tesla demonstrated a series of electrical effects previously performed throughout america and europe , :76 included using high-voltage , high-frequency alternating current to light a wireless gas-discharge lamp .
other bacteria , such as mycobacterium tuberculosis , live inside a protective capsule that prevents lysis by complement .
the judicial branch of the eu has played an important role in the development of eu law , by assuming the task of interpreting the treaties , and accelerating economic and political integration .
the mongol empire was governed by a civilian and military code , called the yassa , created by genghis khan .
the substantial price increases of 1973–1974 largely returned their prices and corresponding incomes to bretton woods levels in terms of commodities such as gold .
the official city name in full is miasto stołeczne warszawa ( english : " the capital city of warsaw " ) .
he was the first yuan emperor to actively support and adopt mainstream chinese culture after the reign of kublai , to the discontent of some mongol elite .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story .
the largest and southern main branch begins as waal and continues as boven merwede ( " upper merwede " ) , beneden merwede ( " lower merwede " ) , noord river ( " north river " ) , nieuwe maas ( " new meuse " ) , het scheur ( " the rip " ) and nieuwe waterweg ( " new waterway " ) .
currently , the average scottish parliament constituency comprises 55,000 electors .
ward fumbled the ball during the return , but trevathan recovered it to enable denver to keep possession .
a house that provides less utility to a millionaire as a summer home than it would to a homeless family of five , is an example of reduced " distributive efficiency " within society , that decreases marginal utility of wealth and thus the sum total of personal utility .
in germany , teachers are mainly civil servants recruited in special university classes , called lehramtstudien ( teaching education studies ) .
there , in october 1518 , under questioning by papal legate cardinal cajetan luther stated that he did not consider the papacy part of the biblical church because historistical interpretation of bible prophecy concluded that the papacy was the antichrist .
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity .
one of these , sometimes referred to as a " platoon " system , involves placing a group of students together in one class that moves from one specialist to another for every subject .
in the laboratory , biostratigraphers analyze rock samples from outcrop and drill cores for the fossils found in them .
the president is both the head of state and head of government , and of a multi-party system .
the ascent engine was fired in abort mode , known as a " fire-in-the-hole " test , where it was lit simultaneously with jettison of the descent stage .
the san bernardino-riverside area maintains the business districts of downtown san bernardino , hospitality business/financial centre , university town which are in san bernardino and downtown riverside .
the cestida ( " belt animals " ) are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals , with the mouth and aboral organ aligned in the middle of opposite edges of the ribbon .
at state level , the parliament of victoria consists of the legislative assembly ( the lower house ) and the legislative council ( the upper house ) .
geophysical data and well logs can be combined to produce a better view of the subsurface , and stratigraphers often use computer programs to do this in three dimensions .
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times .
the climate in newcastle is oceanic ( köppen cfb ) and significantly milder than some other locations in the world at a similar latitude , due to the warming influence of the gulf stream ( via the north atlantic drift ) .
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey .
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com .
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei .
more than 1 million people are expected to attend the festivities in san francisco during super bowl week .
the collection of middle eastern and persian rugs and carpets is amongst the finest in the world , many were part of the salting bequest of 1909. examples of tile work from various buildings including a fireplace dated 1731 from istanbul made of intricately decorated blue and white tiles and turquoise tiles from the exterior of buildings from samarkand are also displayed .
in modern particle physics , forces and the acceleration of particles are explained as a mathematical by-product of exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons .
in the fall of 1937 , after midnight one night , tesla left the hotel new yorker to make his regular commute to the cathedral and the library to feed the pigeons .
france fought and lost a bitter war in vietnam in the 1950s .
warsaw lies in east-central poland about 300 km ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains and about 260 km ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea , 523 km ( 325 mi ) east of berlin , germany .
no plans were announced regarding the recognition of harvey martin , co-mvp of super bowl xii , who died in 2001 .
the advances made in the middle east in botany and chemistry led medicine in medieval islam substantially to develop pharmacology .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012. kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip .
fresno became an incorporated city in 1885. by 1931 the fresno traction company operated 47 streetcars over 49 miles of track .
in his later years , luther grew more hostile toward the jews , writing against them with the kind of venom he had already unleashed on the anabaptists , zwinglianism , and the papacy .
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount .
the church conference is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members .
in case of the ipcc conclusions and the failure of the kyoto protocol , varying regional cost-benefit analysis and burden-sharing conflicts with regard to the distribution of emission reductions remain an unsolved problem .
he is shown in mini-episode " the night of the doctor " to have been retroactively inserted into the show 's fictional chronology between mcgann and eccleston 's doctors , although his introduction was written so as not to disturb the established numerical naming of the doctors .
the neighborhood of sunnyside is on fresno 's far southeast side , bounded by chestnut avenue to the west .
he made many reforms , including the liquidation of the department of state affairs ( chinese : 尚書省 ) , which resulted in the execution of five of the highest-ranking officials .
the judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature .
two tourist railways operate over 760 mm ( 2 ft 6 in ) narrow gauge lines , which are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines which were built in mountainous areas .
in 1562 , naval officer jean ribault led an expedition that explored florida and the present-day southeastern u.s. , and founded the outpost of charlesfort on parris island , south carolina .
muqali , a trusted lieutenant , was given command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty while genghis khan was fighting in central asia , and subutai and jebe were allowed to pursue the great raid into the caucasus and kievan rus ' , an idea they had presented to the khagan on their own initiative .
it was re-established in april 1991 , following the end of the post-war communist control of the country and the reintroduction of a free-market economy .
today , justifying grace is also known as conversion , " accepting jesus as your personal lord and savior , " or being " born again " .
eight original series serials have been released on laserdisc and many have also been released on betamax tape and video 2000. one episode of doctor who ( the infinite quest ) was released on vcd .
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal " sea gooseberry , " pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round .
in this respect it is noteworthy that the bbc takes no position on the canonicity of any of such stories , and producers of the show have expressed distaste for the idea .
[ clarification needed ] from a physical viewpoint , it roughly states that the irregularity in the distribution of primes only comes from random noise .
the merger was suspended , and a complaint was filed by the department of justice in july 1967 , with itt going to trial in october 1967 ; the merger was officially canceled after the trial 's conclusion on january 1 , 1968 .
it permitted anyone to kill luther without legal consequence .
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . )
consequently , the united methodist church endorses general and complete disarmament under strict and effective international control .
the plugs-out test began on the morning of january 27 , 1967 , and immediately was plagued with problems .
an important factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals ' access to education .
only four main interactions are known : in order of decreasing strength , they are : strong , electromagnetic , weak , and gravitational .
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524–25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name .
cyclic photophosphorylation is common in c4 plants , which need more atp than nadph .
within a few months , the budapest telephone exchange became functional and tesla was allocated the chief electrician position .
following the series revival in 2005 , derek jacobi provided the character 's re-introduction in the 2007 episode " utopia " .
that year , abc and hearst reached an agreement with rca to merge arts and competing arts service , the entertainment channel , into a single cable channel called arts & entertainment television ( a & e ) ; the new channel subsequently leased a separate satellite transponder , ending its sharing agreement with nickelodeon to become a 24-hour service .
[ citation needed ] in 1705 , amsterdam and the area of west frisia were the first areas to provide full citizens rights to huguenot immigrants , followed by the dutch republic in 1715. huguenots intermarried with dutch from the outset .
the weight of boilers and condensers generally makes the power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant lower than for internal combustion engines .
the museum also holds james lafayette 's society portraits , a collection of more than 600 photographs dating from the late 19th to early 20th centuries and portraying a wide range of society figures of the period , including bishops , generals , society ladies , indian maharajas , ethiopian rulers and other foreign leaders , actresses , people posing in their motor cars and a sequence of photographs recording the guests at the famous fancy-dress ball held at devonshire house in 1897 to celebrate queen victoria 's diamond jubilee .
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
the name fresno means " ash tree " in spanish , and an ash leaf is featured on the city 's flag .
tropicality can be paralleled with edward said ’ s orientalism as the west ’ s construction of the east as the “ other ” .
until the early 1980s , industry was a major source of water pollution .
their defeat by the swabian league at the battle of frankenhausen on 15 may 1525 , followed by müntzer 's execution , brought the revolutionary stage of the reformation to a close .
it was taken through communist-held territory in yan'an some 900 km on carts to safety at a buddhist monastery , the dongshan dafo dian , where it remained for ten years .
in addition , a substantial and expanding informal sector commonly referred to as jua kali engages in small-scale manufacturing of household goods , motor-vehicle parts , and farm implements .
for example , in van binsbergen v bestuur van de bedrijfvereniging voor de metaalnijverheid a dutch lawyer moved to belgium while advising a client in a social security case , and was told he could not continue because dutch law said only people established in the netherlands could give legal advice .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
a 1964 program definition study concluded that the initial design should be continued as block i which would be used for early testing , while block ii , the actual lunar spacecraft , would incorporate the docking equipment and take advantage of the lessons learned in block i development .
incorporated first by henry ii , the city had a new charter granted by elizabeth in 1589. a 25-foot ( 7.6 m ) high stone wall was built around the town in the 13th century , to defend it from invaders during the border war against scotland .
the most authoritative account at the time came from the medical faculty in paris in a report to the king of france that blamed the heavens , in the form of a conjunction of three planets in 1345 that caused a " great pestilence in the air " .
four thousand emigrated to the north american colonies , where they settled in new york and virginia , especially .
large-scale regeneration has replaced former shipping premises with imposing new office developments ; an innovative tilting bridge , the gateshead millennium bridge was commissioned by gateshead council and has integrated the older newcastle quayside more closely with major cultural developments in gateshead , including the baltic centre for contemporary art , the venue for the turner prize 2011 and the norman foster-designed the sage gateshead music centre .
he also noted that the tin had increased in weight and that increase was the same as the weight of the air that rushed back in .
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963. the programme depicts the adventures of the doctor , a time lord—a space and time-travelling humanoid alien .
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of " invisible " kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments ( later identified as " roentgen rays " or " x-rays " ) .
some examples of intracellular pathogens include viruses , the food poisoning bacterium salmonella and the eukaryotic parasites that cause malaria ( plasmodium falciparum ) and leishmaniasis ( leishmania spp . ) .
on 1 august 1521 , luther wrote to melanchthon on the same theme : " be a sinner , and let your sins be strong , but let your trust in christ be stronger , and rejoice in christ who is the victor over sin , death , and the world .
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation .
usually , the alphabet is taken to be the binary alphabet ( i.e. , the set { 0,1 } ) , and thus the strings are bitstrings .
in the 1630s about 7,000 out of 20,000 inhabitants of newcastle died of plague , more than one-third of the population .
according to the new york times on july 22 , 2014 , the " richest 1 percent in the united states now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent " .
the simplest valve gears give events of fixed length during the engine cycle and often make the engine rotate in only one direction .
however , as a result of the referendum in france and the referendum in the netherlands , the 2004 treaty establishing a constitution for europe never came into force .
the conflict , pitting indigenous impoverished muslims ( mujahideen ) against an anti-religious superpower , galvanized thousands of muslims around the world to send aid and sometimes to go themselves to fight for their faith .
as well as period rooms , the collection includes parts of buildings , for example the two top stories of the facade of sir paul pindar 's house dated c1600 from bishopsgate with elaborately carved wood work and leaded windows , a rare survivor of the great fire of london , there is a brick portal from a london house of the english restoration period and a fireplace from the gallery of northumberland house .
for the successful execution of a project , effective planning is essential .
in particular , this norm gets smaller when a number is multiplied by p , in sharp contrast to the usual absolute value ( also referred to as the infinite prime ) .
an example would be wbai 's broadcasting the track " filthy words " from a george carlin comedy album , which eventually led to the 1978 supreme court case of fcc v. pacifica foundation .
the medium of education is english , but as a compulsory subject , nepali and/or the state 's official language is also taught .
the earliest of these featured the fifth , sixth and seventh doctors , with paul mcgann 's eight doctor joining the line in 2001. tom baker 's fourth doctor began appearing for big finish in 2012. along with the main range , adventures of the first , second and third doctors have been produced in both limited cast and full cast formats , as well as audiobooks .
during the same year , investor david g. booth donated $ 300 million to the university 's booth school of business , which is the largest gift in the university 's history and the largest gift ever to any business school .
before the apollo program began , wernher von braun and his team of rocket engineers had started work on plans for very large launch vehicles , the saturn series , and the even larger nova series .
in nature , singlet oxygen is commonly formed from water during photosynthesis , using the energy of sunlight .
the uprising occurred a decade following the death of henry iv , a huguenot before converting to catholicism , who had protected protestants through the edict of nantes .
chloroplast ribosomes are about two-thirds the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes ( around 17 nm vs 25 nm ) .
he had an older brother named dane and three sisters , milka , angelina and marica .
this mechanism is still the leading theory today ; however , a second theory suggests that most cpdna is actually linear and replicates through homologous recombination .
at the columbian exposition , under a banner announcing the " tesla polyphase system " , tesla demonstrated a series of electrical effects previously performed throughout america and europe , :76 included using high-voltage , high-frequency alternating current to light a wireless gas-discharge lamp .
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation .
it is uncertain how ctenophores control their buoyancy , but experiments have shown that some species rely on osmotic pressure to adapt to water of different densities .
the distinct cultural and ethnic identity of the normans emerged initially in the first half of the 10th century , and it continued to evolve over the succeeding centuries .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) .
islamism favors the reordering of government and society in accordance with the shari ' a .
eventually , he sold wardenclyffe for $ 20,000 ( $ 472,500 in today 's dollars ) .
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique .
meanwhile , they occupied petrela , the citadel of mili at the banks of the river deabolis , gllavenica ( ballsh ) , kanina and jericho .
doctor who star matt smith won best actor in the 2012 national television awards alongside karen gillan who won best actress .
in 1855 the german architect gottfried semper , at the request of cole , produced a design for the museum , but it was rejected by the board of trade as too expensive .
for most of human history higher material living standards – full stomachs , access to clean water and warmth from fuel – led to better health and longer lives .
before the return of the collections after the war , the britain can make it exhibition was held between september and november 1946 , attracting nearly a million and a half visitors .
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime .
german liqueurs were over 25 per cent alcohol , but cassis de dijon , which rewe-zentrale ag wished to import from france , only had 15 to 20 per cent alcohol .
johnson 's advance stopped at fort william henry , and the french withdrew to ticonderoga point , where they began the construction of fort carillon ( later renamed fort ticonderoga after british capture in 1759 ) .
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas .
during that year , tesla worked in pittsburgh , helping to create an alternating current system to power the city 's streetcars .
" markets , by themselves , even when they are stable , often lead to high levels of inequality , outcomes that are widely viewed as unfair . "
following the congress of vienna of 1815 , warsaw became the centre of the congress poland , a constitutional monarchy under a personal union with imperial russia .
beroids prey mainly on other ctenophores .
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " .
free oxygen gas was almost nonexistent in earth 's atmosphere before photosynthetic archaea and bacteria evolved , probably about 3.5 billion years ago .
guo shoujing applied mathematics to the construction of calendars .
it was first established in 1988 by two united nations organizations , the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) and the united nations environment programme ( unep ) , and later endorsed by the united nations general assembly through resolution 43/53 .
in 2010 , peter davison , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and paul mcgann came together again to star in the audio drama the four doctors .
over the course of three years , the mongols destroyed and annihilated all of the major cities of eastern europe with the exceptions of novgorod and pskov .
meanwhile , grumman was also encountering problems with the lunar module , eliminating hopes it would be ready for manned flight in 1967 , not long after the first manned csm flights .
chloroplasts stimulate both responses by purposely damaging their photosynthetic system , producing reactive oxygen species .
the parish church of st andrew is traditionally recognised as 'the oldest church in this town ' .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
faith groups can make direct representations to the presiding officer to nominate speakers .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
paul revere was descended from huguenot refugees , as was henry laurens , who signed the articles of confederation for south carolina ; jack jouett , who made the ride from cuckoo tavern to warn thomas jefferson and others that tarleton and his men were on their way to arrest him for crimes against the king ; francis marion , and a number of other leaders of the american revolution and later statesmen .
molecules in the thylakoid membrane use the energized electrons to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , decreasing the ph and turning it acidic .
in 1521 luther dealt largely with prophecy , in which he broadened the foundations of the reformation placing them on prophetic faith .
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications .
oxygen is toxic to obligately anaerobic organisms , which were the dominant form of early life on earth until o 2 began to accumulate in the atmosphere about 2.5 billion years ago during the great oxygenation event , about a billion years after the first appearance of these organisms .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
in the early 1970s , trevor martin played the role in doctor who and the daleks in the seven keys to doomsday .
one of the most visible results of harvard 's attempt to re-balance its budget was their halting of construction of the $ 1.2 billion allston science complex that had been scheduled to be completed by 2011 , resulting in protests from local residents .
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner .
the experimental measurements made by watt on a model steam engine led to the development of the separate condenser .
this was the first fumble return touchdown in a super bowl since super bowl xxviii at the end of the 1993 season .
in 2006 , unicef estimated that up to 30 % of girls in the coastal areas of malindi , mombasa , kilifi , and diani were subject to prostitution .
since ~3000 yr bp ( = years before present ) , human impact is seen in the delta .
pharmacists provide direct patient care services that optimizes the use of medication and promotes health , wellness , and disease prevention .
huguenot numbers peaked near an estimated two million by 1562 , concentrated mainly in the southern and central parts of france , about one-eighth the number of french catholics .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
some customers consider this to be more convenient and private method rather than traveling to a community drugstore where another customer might overhear about the drugs that they take .
in the early 1970s , abc completed its transition to color ; the decade as a whole would mark a turning point for abc , as it began to pass cbs and nbc in the ratings to become the first place network .
others say that this was—on the contrary—a very precise notation of a correct african pronunciation /ˈkɛnjə/ .
there are many differences between the teachers for elementary schools ( grundschule ) , lower secondary schools ( hauptschule ) , middle level secondary schools ( realschule ) and higher level secondary schools ( gymnasium ) .
the doctor rarely travels alone and often brings one or more companions to share these adventures .
for example , dalton assumed that water 's formula was ho , giving the atomic mass of oxygen as 8 times that of hydrogen , instead of the modern value of about 16. in 1805 , joseph louis gay-lussac and alexander von humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen ; and by 1811 amedeo avogadro had arrived at the correct interpretation of water 's composition , based on what is now called avogadro 's law and the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules .
an architect normally manages the job , and a construction manager , design engineer , construction engineer or project manager supervises it .
30 us states have banned corporal punishment , the others ( mostly in the south ) have not .
some scholars , such as mark u. edwards in his book luther 's last battles : politics and polemics 1531–46 ( 1983 ) , suggest that since luther 's increasingly antisemitic views developed during the years his health deteriorated , it is possible they were at least partly the product of a declining state of mind .
but now that human capital is scarcer than machines , widespread education has become the secret to growth . "
it was a key event in the history of ac power , as westinghouse demonstrated the safety , reliability , and efficiency of a fully integrated alternating current system to the american public .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
professional skateboarder tony hawk , professional surfers rob machado , tim curran , bobby martinez , pat o'connell , dane reynolds , and chris ward , and professional snowboarder shaun white live in southern california .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
the main use for steam turbines is in electricity generation ( in the 1990s about 90 % of the world 's electric production was by use of steam turbines ) however the recent widespread application of large gas turbine units and typical combined cycle power plants has resulted in reduction of this percentage to the 80 % regime for steam turbines .
in 1767 political activity caused exploitation of the east india company causing the plundering of the local economy , almost bringing the company into bankruptcy .
there have been over fifty studies showing tendencies for violence to be more common in societies where income differences are larger .
the final part of the museum designed by scott was the art library and what is now the sculpture gallery on the south side of the garden , built 1877–83 , the exterior mosaic panels in the parapet were designed by reuben townroe who also designed the plaster work in the library , sir john taylor designed the book shelves and cases , also this was the first part of the museum to have electric lighting .
after a chloroplast polypeptide is synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol , an enzyme specific to chloroplast proteins phosphorylates , or adds a phosphate group to many ( but not all ) of them in their transit sequences .
in the first major case in 1964 , costa v enel , a milanese lawyer , and former shareholder of an energy company , named mr costa refused to pay his electricity bill to enel , as a protest against the nationalisation of the italian energy corporations .
fertilization is generally external , although platyctenids ' eggs are fertilized inside their parents ' bodies and kept there until they hatch .
as there had already been a king george 's war in the 1740s , british colonists named the second war in king george 's reign after their opponents , and it became known as the french and indian war .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls .
notably , in 2013 , john hurt guest-starred as a hitherto unknown incarnation of the doctor known as the war doctor in the run-up to the show 's 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
industrial activity , concentrated around the three largest urban centres , nairobi , mombasa and kisumu , is dominated by food-processing industries such as grain milling , beer production , and sugarcane crushing , and the fabrication of consumer goods , e.g. , vehicles from kits .
analysis of a silicon wafer exposed to the solar wind in space and returned by the crashed genesis spacecraft has shown that the sun has a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than does the earth .
however , attempting to reconcile electromagnetic theory with two observations , the photoelectric effect , and the nonexistence of the ultraviolet catastrophe , proved troublesome .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
in ring theory , the notion of number is generally replaced with that of ideal .
bskyb utilises the videoguard pay-tv scrambling system owned by nds , a cisco systems company .
other fresno stations include abc o & o kfsn , cbs affiliate kgpe , cw affiliate kfre , fox affiliate kmph , mntv affiliate kail , pbs affiliate kvpt , telemundo o & o knso , univision o & o kftv , and mundofox and azteca affiliate kgmc-dt .
korean displays include green-glazed ceramics , silk embroideries from officials ' robes and gleaming boxes inlaid with mother-of-pearl made between 500 ad and 2000. himalayan items include important early nepalese bronze sculptures , repoussé work and embroidery .
the region is home to about 2.5 million insect species , tens of thousands of plants , and some 2,000 birds and mammals .
acute oxygen toxicity ( causing seizures , its most feared effect for divers ) can occur by breathing an air mixture with 21 % o 2 at 66 m or more of depth ; the same thing can occur by breathing 100 % o 2 at only 6 m .
his father , milutin tesla , was a serbian orthodox priest .
rubisco can not distinguish between oxygen and carbon dioxide very well , so it can accidentally add o2 instead of co2 to rubp .
while the commission has a monopoly on initiating legislation , the european parliament and the council of the european union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process .
underbids happen when builders ask for too little money to complete the project .
teachers may provide instruction in literacy and numeracy , craftsmanship or vocational training , the arts , religion , civics , community roles , or life skills .
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands .
from the mid-2000s , the university began a number of multimillion-dollar expansion projects .
at this time , methodists had not yet broken away from the anglican church and the methodist episcopal church was not founded until 1784 .
germany did so , and underground leader piłsudski returned to warsaw on 11 november and set up what became the second polish republic , with warsaw the capital .
free oxygen first appeared in significant quantities during the paleoproterozoic eon ( between 3.0 and 2.3 billion years ago ) .
go-ahead operates from eldon square bus station , providing the majority of services south of the river in gateshead , south tyneside , sunderland , and county durham .
the american broadcasting company ( abc ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) is an american commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the disney–abc television group , a subsidiary of disney media networks division of the walt disney company .
the sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental united states and the grand canyon in the southwestern united states contain almost-undeformed stacks of sedimentary rocks that have remained in place since cambrian time .
the university of chicago was created and incorporated as a coeducational , secular institution in 1890 by the american baptist education society and a donation from oil magnate and philanthropist john d. rockefeller on land donated by marshall field .
radical islamist organizations like al-qaeda and the egyptian islamic jihad , and groups such as the taliban , entirely reject democracy , often declaring as kuffar those muslims who support it ( see takfirism ) , as well as calling for violent/offensive jihad or urging and conducting attacks on a religious basis .
with the beginning of the new era , the after stalin period called the " thaw " , in the late 1950s , the new political leader nikita khrushchev put even more pressure on the soviet-american relations starting a new wave of anti-imperialist propaganda .
defensive ends derek wolfe and malik jackson each had 5½ sacks .
steam engines can be said to have been the moving force behind the industrial revolution and saw widespread commercial use driving machinery in factories , mills and mines ; powering pumping stations ; and propelling transport appliances such as railway locomotives , ships , steamboats and road vehicles .
an important decision for civil disobedients is whether or not to plead guilty .
currently , brazil is the second-largest global producer of soybeans after the united states .
there are a set of beautiful inlaid doors , dated 1580 from antwerp city hall , attributed to hans vredeman de vries .
it was 33 feet ( 10.1 m ) in diameter and stood 363 feet ( 110.6 m ) tall with its 96,800-pound ( 43,900 kg ) lunar payload .
to accept jail penitently as an accession to 'the rules ' is to switch suddenly to a spirit of subservience , to demean the seriousness of the protest ... in particular , the neo-conservative insistence on a guilty plea should be eliminated . "
together in april 1887 they formed the tesla electric company with an agreement that profits from generated patents would go ⅓ to tesla , ⅓ to peck and brown , and ⅓ to fund development .
most of the wind rose direction occurrences derive from the northwest , as winds are driven downward along the axis of the california central valley ; in december , january and february there is an increased presence of southeastern wind directions in the wind rose statistics .
according to the cellular theory of immunity , represented in particular by elie metchnikoff , it was cells – more precisely , phagocytes – that were responsible for immune responses .
' " [ attribution needed ] because of the resources made available by imperialism , the world 's economy grew significantly and became much more interconnected in the decades before world war i , making the many imperial powers rich and prosperous .
abc 's master feed is transmitted in 720p high definition , the native resolution format for the walt disney company 's u.s. television properties .
it is tempting to think that the notion of function problems is much richer than the notion of decision problems .
the rhine was not known to herodotus and first enters the historical period in the 1st century bc in roman-era geography .
[ citation needed ] although imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years , the term " age of imperialism " generally refers to the activities of european powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century , for example , the " the great game " in persian lands , the " scramble for africa " and the " open door policy " in china .
although the film was successful in the uk ( with 9.1 million viewers ) , it was less so in the united states and did not lead to a series .
in the 1530s and 1540s , printed images of luther that emphasized his monumental size were crucial to the spread of protestantism .
all higher education institutions were immediately closed and warsaw 's entire jewish population – several hundred thousand , some 30 % of the city – herded into the warsaw ghetto .
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity .
plastoglobuli were once thought to be free-floating in the stroma , but it is now thought that they are permanently attached either to a thylakoid or to another plastoglobulus attached to a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network .
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular .
in december , the uk ’ s parliament heard a claim that a subscription to bskyb was ‘ often damaging ’ , along with alcohol , tobacco and gambling .
he had the theses checked for heresy and in december 1517 forwarded them to rome .
there have been subsequent claims by tesla biographers that edison and tesla were the original recipients and that neither was given the award because of their animosity toward each other ; that each sought to minimize the other 's achievements and right to win the award ; that both refused ever to accept the award if the other received it first ; that both rejected any possibility of sharing it ; and even that a wealthy edison refused it to keep tesla from getting the $ 20,000 prize money .
in a typical year the amazon absorbs 1.5 gigatons of carbon dioxide ; during 2005 instead 5 gigatons were released and in 2010 8 gigatons were released .
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl .
andrew lortie ( born andré lortie ) , a leading huguenot theologian and writer who led the exiled community in london , became known for articulating their criticism of the pope and the doctrine of transubstantiation during mass .
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them .
a " general question time " takes place on a thursday between 11:40 a.m. and 12 p.m. where members can direct questions to any member of the scottish government .
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
following the utilitarian principle of seeking the greatest good for the greatest number – economic inequality is problematic .
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . )
plotting the relationship between level of income and inequality , kuznets saw middle-income developing economies level of inequality bulging out to form what is now known as the kuznets curve .
however that year , abc had only 14 primary affiliates compared to the 74 that carried the majority of cbs programs and the 71 that were primarily affiliated with nbc .
that year , abc and hearst reached an agreement with rca to merge arts and competing arts service , the entertainment channel , into a single cable channel called arts & entertainment television ( a & e ) ; the new channel subsequently leased a separate satellite transponder , ending its sharing agreement with nickelodeon to become a 24-hour service .
möngke khan succeeded ögedei 's son , güyük , as great khan in 1251. he granted his brother kublai control over mongol held territories in china .
when two forces act on a point particle , the resulting force , the resultant ( also called the net force ) , can be determined by following the parallelogram rule of vector addition : the addition of two vectors represented by sides of a parallelogram , gives an equivalent resultant vector that is equal in magnitude and direction to the transversal of the parallelogram .
the hoppings , reputedly the largest travelling fair in europe , takes place on newcastle town moor every june .
out of these , three are heavy populated areas : the los angeles area with over 12 million inhabitants , the riverside-san bernardino area with over four million inhabitants , and the san diego area with over 3 million inhabitants .
teachers in wales can be registered members of trade unions such as atl , nut or nasuwt and reports in recent years suggest that the average age of teachers in wales is falling with teachers being younger than in previous years .
the mongols destroyed the kingdom of georgia , sacked the genoese trade-fortress of caffa in crimea and overwintered near the black sea .
in education , teachers facilitate student learning , often in a school or academy or perhaps in another environment such as outdoors .
in the virtual call system , the network guarantees sequenced delivery of data to the host .
however , the original greek roots from pharmakos imply sorcery or even poison .
fire and explosion hazards exist when concentrated oxidants and fuels are brought into close proximity ; an ignition event , such as heat or a spark , is needed to trigger combustion .
the second division under jebe marched secretly to the southeast part of khwarzemia to form , with the first division , a pincer attack on samarkand .
state route 168 , the sierra freeway , heads east to the city of clovis and huntington lake .
helper t cells have a weaker association with the mhc : antigen complex than observed for killer t cells , meaning many receptors ( around 200–300 ) on the helper t cell must be bound by an mhc : antigen in order to activate the helper cell , while killer t cells can be activated by engagement of a single mhc : antigen molecule .
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
to counter the french military presence in ohio , in october 1753 dinwiddie ordered the 21-year-old major george washington ( whose brother was another ohio company investor ) of the virginia regiment to warn the french to leave virginia territory .
on the basis of cst , burnet developed a theory of how an immune response is triggered according to the self/nonself distinction : " self " constituents ( constituents of the body ) do not trigger destructive immune responses , while " nonself " entities ( pathogens , an allograft ) trigger a destructive immune response .
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons .
in the triplet form , o 2 molecules are paramagnetic .
20th century fox , lionsgate , paramount pictures , universal studios and walt disney studios paid for movie trailers to be aired during the super bowl .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
the logo for the twelfth doctor had the " dw " tardis insignia removed and the font was subtly altered , as well as made slightly larger .
a referendum to vote on the proposed constitution was held on 4 august 2010 , and the new constitution passed by a wide margin .
[ citation needed ] since ireland refused to consent to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 , there remains one commissioner for each of the 28 member states , including the president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ( currently federica mogherini ) .
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1. the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) !
ctenophores form an animal phylum that is more complex than sponges , about as complex as cnidarians ( jellyfish , sea anemones , etc .
the economy of victoria is highly diversified : service sectors including financial and property services , health , education , wholesale , retail , hospitality and manufacturing constitute the majority of employment .
large-scale regeneration has replaced former shipping premises with imposing new office developments ; an innovative tilting bridge , the gateshead millennium bridge was commissioned by gateshead council and has integrated the older newcastle quayside more closely with major cultural developments in gateshead , including the baltic centre for contemporary art , the venue for the turner prize 2011 and the norman foster-designed the sage gateshead music centre .
sayyid abul ala maududi was an important early twentieth-century figure in the islamic revival in india , and then after independence from britain , in pakistan .
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) .
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great .
chicago 's physics department helped develop the world 's first man-made , self-sustaining nuclear reaction beneath the university 's stagg field .
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats .
the design , development and construction of the center was conducted by kurt h. debus , a member of dr. wernher von braun 's original v-2 rocket engineering team .
the country of australia serves as a case study in relation to british settlement and colonial rule of the continent in the eighteenth century , as it was premised on terra nullius , and its settlers considered it unused by its sparse aboriginal inhabitants .
their most distinctive feature is the ‘ combs ’ – groups of cilia which they use for swimming – they are the largest animals that swim by means of cilia .
phycobilins often organize into relatively large protein complexes about 40 nanometers across called phycobilisomes .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
as of 2014 , the logo used for the third and eighth doctors is the primary logo used on all media and merchandise relating to past doctors , and the current doctor who logo is used for all merchandise relating to the current doctor .
for two performances , while pertwee was ill , david banks ( better known for playing cybermen ) played the doctor .
in 1973 , nixon named william e. simon as the first administrator of the federal energy office , a short-term organization created to coordinate the response to the embargo .
in the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ( lds church ) , the teacher is an office in the aaronic priesthood , generally conferred on young boys or recent converts , and has little in common with the " spiritual teacher " archetype .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
luther insisted on the real presence of the body and blood of christ in the consecrated bread and wine , which he called the sacramental union , while his opponents believed god to be only spiritually or symbolically present .
a geochemical component called kreep was discovered , which has no known terrestrial counterpart .
at the destination , the original message/data is reassembled in the correct order , based on the packet sequence number .
the immune system is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease .
toghrul allied himself with jamukha , who already opposed temüjin 's forces ; however , the internal dispute between toghrul and jamukha , plus the desertion of a number of their allies to temüjin , led to toghrul 's defeat .
it is expected that the continuous input of sediment into the lake will silt up the lake .
the phylum has a wide range of body forms , including the flattened , deep-sea platyctenids , in which the adults of most species lack combs , and the coastal beroids , which lack tentacles and prey on other ctenophores by using huge mouths armed with groups of large , stiffened cilia that act as teeth .
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen .
in april 1191 richard the lion-hearted left messina with a large fleet in order to reach acre .
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 .
the bond can be variously described based on level of theory , but is reasonably and simply described as a covalent double bond that results from the filling of molecular orbitals formed from the atomic orbitals of the individual oxygen atoms , the filling of which results in a bond order of two .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
strictly speaking datanet 1 only referred to the network and the connected users via leased lines ( using the x.121 dnic 2041 ) , the name also referred to the public pad service telepad ( using the dnic 2049 ) .
socialists attribute the vast disparities in wealth to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners , creating a situation where a small portion of the population lives off unearned property income by virtue of ownership titles in capital equipment , financial assets and corporate stock .
the present building was begun in the 12th century and the last addition to it , apart from the vestries , was the main porch in 1726. it is quite possible that there was an earlier church here dating from saxon times .
temujin 's resentment erupted during one hunting excursion that temüjin and his brother khasar killed their half-brother begter .
the crew that flew the first earth orbital test mission apollo 7 , walter m. schirra , donn eisele , and walter cunningham , were awarded the lesser nasa exceptional service medal , because of discipline problems with the flight director 's orders during their flight .
stadtholder william iii of orange , who later became king of england , emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv after the french attacked the dutch republic in 1672. william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state .
packet switching contrasts with another principal networking paradigm , circuit switching , a method which pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session , each having a constant bit rate and latency between nodes .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
these buildings are predominantly four stories high , with vertical dormers , domes , turrets and spikes .
at the end of 1949 , movie theater operator united paramount theatres ( upt ) was forced by the u.s. supreme court to become an independent entity , separating itself from paramount pictures .
unfortunately this belief still lives on in poland ( although not as much as it used to be ) – even though since 1990 there are no limitations to residency registration anymore .
eat !
ne1fm launched on 8 june 2007 , the first full-time community radio station in the area .
in the august 1917 edition of the magazine electrical experimenter tesla postulated that electricity could be used to locate submarines via using the reflection of an " electric ray " of " tremendous frequency , " with the signal being viewed on a fluorescent screen ( a system that has been noted to have a superficial resemblance to modern radar ) .
:208 kenneth swezey , a journalist whom tesla had befriended , confirmed that tesla rarely slept .
the establishment of the german colonial empire proceeded smoothly , starting with german new guinea in 1884 .
the primary difference is the method by which the medications are requested and received .
the parasite trypanosoma brucei uses a similar strategy , constantly switching one type of surface protein for another , allowing it to stay one step ahead of the antibody response .
kenyan athletes ( particularly kalenjin ) continue to dominate the world of distance running , although competition from morocco and ethiopia has reduced this supremacy .
the g mission was achieved on apollo 11 in july 1969 by an all-gemini veteran crew consisting of neil armstrong , michael collins and buzz aldrin .
being in the rain shadow of the north pennines , it is among the driest cities in the uk .
as of the 2014 episode " dark water , " it was revealed that the master had become a female incarnation or " time lady , " going by the name of " missy " ( short for mistress , the feminine equivalent of " master " ) .
[ citation needed ] after decades of neglect and suburban flight , the neighborhood revival followed the re-opening of the tower theatre in the late 1970s , which at that time showed second and third run movies , along with classic films .
:116 thus it can be said that imperialism includes some form of colonialism , but colonialism itself does not automatically imply imperialism , as it lacks a political focus .
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku .
participation in the african slave trade and the subsequent treatment of its 12 to 15 million africans is viewed by some to be a more modern extension of america 's " internal colonialism " .
oxygen storage methods include high pressure oxygen tanks , cryogenics and chemical compounds .
one of the most famous people born in warsaw was maria skłodowska-curie , who achieved international recognition for her research on radioactivity and was the first female recipient of the nobel prize .
the city still contains many theatres .
some of the principal features of the complex include leaf-shaped buildings , a grass-roofed branch merging into adjacent parkland and gabion walls formed from the stones of previous buildings .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
" on the other hand , markets can also concentrate wealth , pass environmental costs on to society , and abuse workers and consumers . "
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
luther journeyed to mansfeld twice in late 1545 to participate in the negotiations for a settlement , and a third visit was needed in early 1546 for their completion .
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma .
polignac 's conjecture is a strengthening of that conjecture , it states that for every positive integer n , there are infinitely many pairs of consecutive primes that differ by 2n .
orthogonal force vectors can be three-dimensional with the third component being at right-angles to the other two .
on 15 june 1899 , tesla performed his first experiments at his colorado springs lab ; he recorded his initial spark length at five inches long , but very thick and noisy .
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period .
sky+ hd material is broadcast using mpeg-4 and most of the hd material uses the dvb-s2 standard .
the social chapter is a chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam covering social policy issues in european union law .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
the united methodist church opposes conscription as incompatible with the teaching of scripture .
this is why , for example , astronauts experience weightlessness when in free-fall orbit around the earth , and why newton 's laws of motion are more easily discernible in such environments .
the strong and weak forces are nuclear forces that act only at very short distances , and are responsible for the interactions between subatomic particles , including nucleons and compound nuclei .
however , the doctor 's tardis remains fixed as a blue british police box due to a malfunction in the chameleon circuit .
the british failures in north america , combined with other failures in the european theater , led to the fall from power of newcastle and his principal military advisor , the duke of cumberland .
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities .
as of january 2016 [ update ] , the largest known prime number has 22,338,618 decimal digits .
within a leaf , chloroplasts are mainly found in the mesophyll layers of a leaf , and the guard cells of stomata .
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences .
in the united states , the industry in 2014 has around $ 960 billion in annual revenue according to statistics tracked by the census bureau , of which $ 680 billion is private ( split evenly between residential and nonresidential ) and the remainder is government .
in the local alemannic dialect , the singular is pronounced " isel " and this is also the local pronunciation of esel ( " donkey " ) .
the united methodist church maintains that war is incompatible with christ 's message and teachings .
faced with this strength , loudoun returned to new york amid news that a massacre had occurred at fort william henry .
this was followed on april 4 , 1968 , by apollo 6 ( as-502 ) which carried a csm and a lm test article as ballast .
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire .
the most commonly used reduction is a polynomial-time reduction .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
from their original homelands in scandinavia and northern europe , germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western europe in the middle period of classical antiquity ; southern europe in late antiquity , conquering celtic and other peoples ; and by 800 ce , forming the holy roman empire , the first german empire .
private schooling in the united states has been debated by educators , lawmakers and parents , since the beginnings of compulsory education in massachusetts in 1852. the supreme court precedent appears to favor educational choice , so long as states may set standards for educational accomplishment .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
since the 1980s , lutheran church denominations have repudiated martin luther 's statements against the jews and have rejected the use of them to incite hatred against lutherans .
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 .
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
a conservative force that acts on a closed system has an associated mechanical work that allows energy to convert only between kinetic or potential forms .
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance .
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) .
former ipcc chairman robert watson has said " the mistakes all appear to have gone in the direction of making it seem like climate change is more serious by overstating the impact .
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season .
the area includes many california bungalow and american craftsman style homes , spanish colonial revival style architecture , mediterranean revival style architecture , mission revival style architecture , and many storybook houses designed by fresno architects , hilliard , taylor & wheeler .
with the formation of the united methodist church in 1968 , theologian albert c. outler led the team which systematized denominational doctrine .
the relevant minister , whose department the debate and motion relate to " winds up " the debate by speaking after all other participants .
they ended up using a dc traction motor instead .
the unusually high concentration of oxygen gas on earth is the result of the oxygen cycle .
for example , the working time directive requires that every worker has at least 4 weeks paid holidays each year , but most member states require more than 28 days in national law .
in addition , they perform analog and numerical experiments of rock deformation in large and small settings .
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto .
in southern italy , the normans incorporated elements of islamic , lombard , and byzantine building techniques into their own , initiating a unique style known as norman-arab architecture within the kingdom of sicily .
appletalk was a proprietary suite of networking protocols developed by apple inc. in 1985 for apple macintosh computers .
in confirmation and membership preparation classes , students learn about church and the methodist-christian theological tradition in order to profess their ultimate faith in christ .
they arranged for israel to pull back from the sinai peninsula and the golan heights .
in 1529 , he wrote the large catechism , a manual for pastors and teachers , as well as a synopsis , the small catechism , to be memorised by the people themselves .
while granting his generals a great deal of autonomy in making command decisions , genghis khan also expected unwavering loyalty from them .
:32 the classes were held in german , as it was a school within the austro-hungarian military frontier .
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals .
within a few months , the budapest telephone exchange became functional and tesla was allocated the chief electrician position .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
the theory was later modified to reflect new discoveries regarding histocompatibility or the complex " two-signal " activation of t cells .
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 .
in 1999 the european council set up a body tasked with drafting a european charter of human rights , which could form the constitutional basis for the european union and as such tailored specifically to apply to the european union and its institutions .
bowman was the director of the american geographical society in 1914. three years later in 1917 , he was appointed to then president woodrow wilson 's inquiry in 1917. the inquiry was the idea of president wilson and the american delegation from the paris peace conference .
but once again they came up empty , this time as a result of a newton pass that bounced off the hands of ginn and was intercepted by safety t. j. ward .
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign. ” if a man chose to be an agent of injustice , then thoreau insisted on confronting him with the fact that he was making a choice .
he eventually surrendered in northern rhodesia ( today zambia ) fourteen days after the armistice was signed in 1918 .
gou derived a cubic interpolation formula for his astronomical calculations .
it is recognised that an epidemiological account of the plague is as important as an identification of symptoms , but researchers are hampered by the lack of reliable statistics from this period .
five of the remaining six missions achieved successful landings , but the apollo 13 landing was prevented by an oxygen tank explosion in transit to the moon , which disabled the command spacecraft 's propulsion and life support .
in response to demands for a german liturgy , luther wrote a german mass , which he published in early 1526. he did not intend it as a replacement for his 1523 adaptation of the latin mass but as an alternative for the " simple people " , a " public stimulation for people to believe and become christians . "
plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place on wednesday afternoons from 2 pm to 6 pm and on thursdays from 9:15 am to 6 pm .
newton 's laws and newtonian mechanics in general were first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects .
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view .
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution .
gold footballs were given to each high school that has had a player or coach appear in the super bowl , and " homecoming " events were also held by super bowl-winning teams at games .
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1. the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) ! + 1 is divisible by p. moreover , an integer n > 4 is composite if and only if ( n − 1 ) !
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense .
examples include the huguenot district and french church street in cork city ; and d'olier street in dublin , named after a high sheriff and one of the founders of the bank of ireland .
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game .
the measurement implies that an unknown process depleted oxygen-16 from the sun 's disk of protoplanetary material prior to the coalescence of dust grains that formed the earth .
in the early 18th century , a regional group known as the camisards who were huguenots rioted against the catholic church in the region , burning churches and killing clergy .
the jewellery collection , containing over 6000 items is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world and includes works dating from ancient egypt to the present day , as well as jewellery designs on paper .
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030. in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
the filling pharmacy has a corresponding responsibility to ensure that the prescription is valid .
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact .
the first result in that direction is the prime number theorem , proven at the end of the 19th century , which says that the probability that a given , randomly chosen number n is prime is inversely proportional to its number of digits , or to the logarithm of n .
a contract is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties , but it is not so simple a matter as trying to get the other side to agree to as much as possible in exchange for as little as possible .
the colony of kenya and the protectorate of kenya each came to an end on 12 december 1963 with independence being conferred on all of kenya .
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns .
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise .
alongside the traditional media availabilities , the event featured an opening ceremony with player introductions on a replica of the golden gate bridge .
rev . paul t. stallsworth , president of the taskforce of united methodists on abortion and sexuality said he " had every reason to believe " that pro-life delegates would have won a floor vote .
another of the egyptian groups which employed violence in their struggle for islamic order was al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ( islamic group ) .
in 1840 , the rhine crisis , prompted by french prime minister adolphe thiers 's desire to reinstate the rhine as a natural border , led to a diplomatic crisis and a wave of nationalism in germany .
their local rivals , polonia warsaw , have significantly fewer supporters , yet they managed to win ekstraklasa championship in 2000. they also won the country ’ s championship in 1946 , and won the cup twice as well .
as a result , the outcome of each division is known in seconds .
the ipcc has since acknowledged that the date is incorrect , while reaffirming that the conclusion in the final summary was robust .
exactly 12 months later on 12 december 1964 , kenya became a republic under the name " republic of kenya " .
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963. the programme depicts the adventures of the doctor , a time lord—a space and time-travelling humanoid alien .
by contrast , male sex hormones such as testosterone seem to be immunosuppressive .
such experiments demonstrate the crucial properties that forces are additive vector quantities : they have magnitude and direction .
the vast majority of kenyans are christian ( 83 % ) , with 47.7 % regarding themselves as protestant and 23.5 % as roman catholic of the latin rite .
attendance at the 2003 meeting included 350 government officials and climate change experts .
while these non-marxist writers were at their most prolific before world war i , they remained active in the interwar years .
islamist movements such as the muslim brotherhood , " are well known for providing shelters , educational assistance , free or low cost medical clinics , housing assistance to students from out of town , student advisory groups , facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands , legal assistance , sports facilities , and women 's groups . "
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards .
its existence was first proved in 1962 , and first sequenced in 1986—when two japanese research teams sequenced the chloroplast dna of liverwort and tobacco .
for example , the problem of squaring an integer can be reduced to the problem of multiplying two integers .
it was worth $ 32 billion in 2011 , up from $ 28 billion in september 2010 and $ 26 billion in 2009. it suffered about 30 % loss in 2008-09. in december 2008 , harvard announced that its endowment had lost 22 % ( approximately $ 8 billion ) from july to october 2008 , necessitating budget cuts .
with his mathematical insight , sir isaac newton formulated laws of motion that were not improved-on for nearly three hundred years .
the river length is significantly shortened from the river 's natural course due to number of canalisation projects completed in the 19th and 20th century .
mnemiopsis populations in those areas were eventually brought under control by the accidental introduction of the mnemiopsis-eating north american ctenophore beroe ovata , and by a cooling of the local climate from 1991 to 1993 , which significantly slowed the animal 's metabolism .
since turing machines are easy to analyze mathematically , and are believed to be as powerful as any other model of computation , the turing machine is the most commonly used model in complexity theory .
this function looks like that of a coach using the whole gamut of psychology to get each new class of rookies off the bench and into the game . "
the infrastructure has developed a lot over the past years .
informal learning may be assisted by a teacher occupying a transient or ongoing role , such as a family member , or by anyone with knowledge or skills in the wider community setting .
although kenya is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region , manufacturing still accounts for only 14 % of the gdp .
sir muhammad iqbal was elected president of the muslim league in 1930 at its session in allahabad as well as for the session in lahore in 1932. in his allahabad address on 29 december 1930 , iqbal outlined a vision of an independent state for muslim-majority provinces in northwestern india .
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty .
the university 's booth school of business maintains campuses in singapore , london , and the downtown streeterville neighborhood of chicago .
the beroida , also known as nuda , have no feeding appendages , but their large pharynx , just inside the large mouth and filling most of the saclike body , bears " macrocilia " at the oral end .
gamma delta t cells ( γδ t cells ) possess an alternative t cell receptor ( tcr ) as opposed to cd4+ and cd8+ ( αβ ) t cells and share the characteristics of helper t cells , cytotoxic t cells and nk cells .
among kublai khan 's top engineers and scientists was the astronomer guo shoujing , who was tasked with many public works projects and helped the yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year , which was only 26 seconds off the modern gregorian calendar 's measurement .
newcastle student radio is run by students from both of the city 's universities , broadcasting from newcastle university 's student 's union building during term time .
on april 12 , 1961 , soviet cosmonaut yuri gagarin became the first person to fly in space , reinforcing american fears about being left behind in a technological competition with the soviet union .
liberated by napoleon 's army in 1806 , warsaw was made the capital of the newly created duchy of warsaw .
a study by the american association of university women reported that 9.6 % of students in the united states claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education ; be they a volunteer , bus driver , teacher , administrator or other adult ; sometime during their educational career .
where the different institutions can not agree at any stage , a " conciliation committee " is convened , representing meps , ministers and the commission to try and get agreement on a joint text : if this works , it will be sent back to the parliament and council to approve by absolute and qualified majority .
in the fall of 1949 , abc found itself in the position of an outsider , with less coverage than two of its competing networks , cbs and nbc , even though it was on par with them in some major cities and had a headstart over its third rival at the time , the dumont television network .
[ citation needed ] figures remained respectable into the 1980s , but fell noticeably after the programme 's 23rd series was postponed in 1985 and the show was off the air for 18 months . its late 1980s performance of three to five million viewers was seen as poor at the time and was , according to the bbc board of control , a leading cause of the programme 's 1989 suspension .
following the transition to democracy , the legal form of " model c " was abolished , however , the term continues to be used to describe government schools formerly reserved for white children.. these schools tend to produce better academic results than government schools formerly reserved for other race groups .
the network 's troubles with sustaining existing series and gaining new hits spilled over into its 2010–11 schedule : abc 's dramas during that season continued to fail , with the midseason forensic investigation drama body of proof being the only one that was renewed for a second season .
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
on 28 february 2008 , kibaki and odinga signed an agreement on the formation of a coalition government in which odinga would become kenya 's second prime minister .
luther journeyed to mansfeld twice in late 1545 to participate in the negotiations for a settlement , and a third visit was needed in early 1546 for their completion .
it had significantly eased trade and commerce across asia until its decline ; the communications between yuan dynasty and its ally and subordinate in persia , the ilkhanate , encouraged this development .
at the same time the mongols imported central asian muslims to serve as administrators in china , the mongols also sent han chinese and khitans from china to serve as administrators over the muslim population in bukhara in central asia , using foreigners to curtail the power of the local peoples of both lands .
other tales state that his grave was stampeded over by many horses , and that trees were then planted over the site , and the permafrost also did its part in hiding the burial site .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
on 18 november 2015 , sky announced sky q , a range of products and services to be available in 2016. the sky q range consists of three set top boxes ( sky q , sky q silver and sky q mini ) , a broadband router ( sky q hub ) and mobile applications .
it is an important general principle of international law and public law , which predates european union law .
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury .
in the united states especially , several high-profile cases such as debra lafave , pamela rogers , and mary kay letourneau have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct .
if the state does not provide these services , then for those on lower incomes , the costs must be borrowed and often those on lower incomes are those who are worse equipped to manage their finances .
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of " invisible " kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments ( later identified as " roentgen rays " or " x-rays " ) .
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323. he continued his father 's policies to reform the government based on the confucian principles , with the help of his newly appointed grand chancellor baiju .
nikola suffered a nervous breakdown at around the same time .
this viewpoint is supported by the educational attainment of countries—in east asia for instance—that combine strict discipline with high standards of education .
in yuan poetry , the main development was the qu , which was used among other poetic forms by most of the famous yuan poets .
the premier of victoria is the leader of the political party or coalition with the most seats in the legislative assembly .
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) .
overactive immune responses comprise the other end of immune dysfunction , particularly the autoimmune disorders .
the inner surface of the cavity is lined with an epithelium , the gastrodermis .
survivors from the citadel were executed , artisans and craftsmen were sent back to mongolia , young men who had not fought were drafted into the mongolian army and the rest of the population was sent into slavery .
he wrote two hymns on the ten commandments , " dies sind die heilgen zehn gebot " and " mensch , willst du leben seliglich " .
neutrophils are normally found in the bloodstream and are the most abundant type of phagocyte , normally representing 50 % to 60 % of the total circulating leukocytes .
kublai 's government after 1262 was a compromise between preserving mongol interests in china and satisfying the demands of his chinese subjects .
by this definition , civil disobedience could be traced back to the book of exodus , where shiphrah and puah refused a direct order of pharaoh but misrepresented how they did it .
by 1700 , one-fifth of the city 's population was french speaking .
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
kenya had an estimated 15 million cases of malaria in 2006 .
tesla 's theories on the possibility of the transmission by radio waves go back as far as lectures and demonstrations in 1893 in st. louis , missouri , the franklin institute in philadelphia , pennsylvania , and the national electric light association .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
immune systems appear even in the structurally most simple forms of life , with bacteria using a unique defense mechanism , called the restriction modification system to protect themselves from viral pathogens , called bacteriophages .
much went for arms purchases that exacerbated political tensions , particularly in the middle east .
roughly contemporaneous with maududi was the founding of the muslim brotherhood in ismailiyah , egypt in 1928 by hassan al banna .
the natural rhine originally branched into at least two arms and formed small islands by precipitating sediments .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting .
but an even bigger facility would be needed for the mammoth rocket required for the manned lunar mission , so land acquisition was started in july 1961 for a launch operations center ( loc ) immediately north of canaveral at merritt island .
richard harbison 's purely morphological analysis in 1985 concluded that the cydippids are not monophyletic , in other words do not contain all and only the descendants of a single common ancestor that was itself a cydippid .
victoria 's total gross state product ( gsp ) is ranked second in australia , although victoria is ranked fourth in terms of gsp per capita because of its limited mining activity .
depending on the water level , this flow of the rhine water is clearly visible along the entire length of the lake .
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies .
after the 1940s , the gothic style on campus began to give way to modern styles .
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102. cornerbacks aqib talib ( three interceptions ) and chris harris , jr. ( two interceptions ) were the other two pro bowl selections from the defense .
in july 1960 , nasa deputy administrator hugh l. dryden announced the apollo program to industry representatives at a series of space task group conferences .
the united methodist church ( umc ) is a mainline protestant methodist denomination .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
he was baptized as a catholic the next morning on the feast day of st. martin of tours .
traveling south on interstate 5 , the main gap to continued urbanization is camp pendleton .
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching .
free oxygen also occurs in solution in the world 's water bodies .
in konsumentombudsmannen v de agostini the court of justice reviewed swedish bans on advertising to children under age 12 , and misleading commercials for skin care products .
the pathogen is killed by the activity of digestive enzymes or following a respiratory burst that releases free radicals into the phagolysosome .
at the 1996 general conference the ordination order of transitional deacon was abolished .
although the famous mughal emperors were proud descendants of genghis khan and particularly timur , they clearly distanced themselves from the mongol atrocities committed against the khwarizim shahs , turks , persians , the citizens of baghdad and damascus , nishapur , bukhara and historical figures such as attar of nishapur and many other notable muslims .
when a rock crystallizes from melt ( magma and/or lava ) , it is an igneous rock .
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice .
in january 1519 , at altenburg in saxony , the papal nuncio karl von miltitz adopted a more conciliatory approach .
jim gray will anchor the pre-game and halftime coverage .
this is true throughout most of the united states as well .
the apollo spacecraft could be tested in two vacuum chambers capable of simulating atmospheric pressure at altitudes up to 250,000 feet ( 76 km ) , which is nearly a vacuum .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
the united methodist church teaches that pornography is " about violence , degradation , exploitation , and coercion " and " deplore [ s ] all forms of commercialization , abuse , and exploitation of sex . "
nor is such a usage of culture recent , as part of roman imperialism local elites would be exposed to the benefits and luxuries of roman culture and lifestyle , with the aim that they would then become willing participants .
the city 's speedway team newcastle diamonds are based at brough park in byker , a venue that is also home to greyhound racing .
this provided incentives for imperial and colonial powers to obtain " information to fill in blank spaces on contemporary maps " .
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits .
these included a renewed attack on archbishop albrecht of mainz , whom he shamed into halting the sale of indulgences in his episcopates , and a " refutation of the argument of latomus , " in which he expounded the principle of justification to jacobus latomus , an orthodox theologian from louvain .
after prussia unified the other states into the second german empire after the franco-german war , its long-time chancellor , otto von bismarck ( 1862–90 ) , long opposed colonial acquisitions , arguing that the burden of obtaining , maintaining , and defending such possessions would outweigh any potential benefits .
a new development in the ouseburn valley has recreated them ; architects cany ash and robert sakula were attracted by the possibilities of high density without building high and getting rid of common areas .
robert lawrence argues that technological innovation and automation has meant that low-skilled jobs have been replaced by machine labor in wealthier nations , and that wealthier countries no longer have significant numbers of low-skilled manufacturing workers that could be affected by competition from poor countries .
the provisional elder/deacon is a seminary graduate who serves a two-three-year term in a full-time appointment after being commissioned .
the most widely accepted estimate for the middle east , including iraq , iran and syria , during this time , is for a death rate of about a third .
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice .
after strengthening his government in northern china , kublai pursued an expansionist policy in line with the tradition of mongol and chinese imperialism .
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne .
in november 1960 , john f. kennedy was elected president after a campaign that promised american superiority over the soviet union in the fields of space exploration and missile defense .
in the january 2006 legislative election—its first foray into the political process—it won the majority of the seats , and in 2007 it drove the plo out of gaza .
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools .
some of these primes have been found using distributed computing .
as abc began to outgrow its facilities at 7 west 66th street , goldenson found a new headquarters for abc in a 44 story building located at 1330 avenue of the americas in manhattan , at the corner of 54th street ( now occupied by the financial times 's new york office ) .
cajetan 's original instructions had been to arrest luther if he failed to recant , but the legate desisted from doing so .
another example was the insignificance of the ministry of war compared with native chinese dynasties , as the real military authority in yuan times resided in the privy council .
instead of providing stable rules that support basic research while leaving plenty of scope for entrepreneurship and innovation , congresses and presidents have repeatedly backed policies which promise solutions that are politically expedient , but whose prospects are doubtful .
the cjeu 's duty is to " ensure that in the interpretation and application of the treaties the law is observed " , although realistically it has the ability to expand and develop the law according to the principles it deems to be appropriate .
the logo also deviates from the template by featuring large numerals , colored in gold , behind the vince lombardi trophy , instead of underneath and in silver as in the standard logo .
ergänzungsschulen have the freedom to operate outside of government regulation and are funded in whole by charging their students tuition fees .
stratigraphers also analyze data from geophysical surveys that show the locations of stratigraphic units in the subsurface .
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species .
plate tectonics also provided a mechanism for alfred wegener 's theory of continental drift , in which the continents move across the surface of the earth over geologic time .
the june 11 , 1962 , decision to use lunar orbit rendezvous enabled the saturn v to replace the nova , and the msfc proceeded to develop the saturn rocket family for apollo .
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) .
the formal language associated with this decision problem is then the set of all connected graphs—of course , to obtain a precise definition of this language , one has to decide how graphs are encoded as binary strings .
the competence for the union to do this was contested in 2005 at the court of justice resulting in a victory for the commission .
among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are ( where " r " is an organic group ) : alcohols ( r-oh ) ; ethers ( r-o-r ) ; ketones ( r-co-r ) ; aldehydes ( r-co-h ) ; carboxylic acids ( r-cooh ) ; esters ( r-coo-r ) ; acid anhydrides ( r-co-o-co-r ) ; and amides ( r-c ( o ) -nr 2 ) .
the racial makeup of fresno was 245,306 ( 49.6 % ) white , 40,960 ( 8.3 % ) african american , 8,525 ( 1.7 % ) native american , 62,528 ( 12.6 % ) asian ( 3.6 % hmong , 1.7 % indian , 1.2 % filipino , 1.2 % laotian , 1.0 % thai , 0.8 % cambodian , 0.7 % chinese , 0.5 % japanese , 0.4 % vietnamese , 0.2 % korean ) , 849 ( 0.2 % ) pacific islander , 111,984 ( 22.6 % ) from other races , and 24,513 ( 5.0 % ) from two or more races .
like many cities in central and eastern europe , infrastructure in warsaw suffered considerably during its time as an eastern bloc economy – though it is worth mentioning that the initial three-year plan to rebuild poland ( especially warsaw ) was a major success , but what followed was very much the opposite .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
in response , teachers may concentrate their attention on motivated students , ignoring attention-seeking and disruptive students .
a series of three small civil wars known as the huguenot rebellions broke out , mainly in southwestern france , between 1621 and 1629. revolted against royal authority .
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams .
victoria produced in the decade 1851–1860 20 million ounces of gold , one third of the world 's output [ citation needed ] .
the republic of kenya is named after mount kenya .
as a practice area and specialist domain , pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the needs of major national and international patient information projects and health system interoperability goals .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
the last active huguenot congregation in north america worships in charleston , south carolina , at a church that dates to 1844. the huguenot society of america maintains manakin episcopal church in virginia as an historic shrine with occasional services .
tesla also explained the principles of the rotating magnetic field in an induction motor by demonstrating how to make a copper egg stand on end using a device he constructed known as the egg of columbus .
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks .
hank marvin and bruce welch were both former pupils of rutherford grammar school , actors charlie hunnam and james scott , entertainers ant and dec and international footballers michael carrick and alan shearer were born in newcastle .
most are concentrated in alsace in northeast france and the cévennes mountain region in the south , who still regard themselves as huguenots to this day .
goldenson also cited interest in japan in the early 1950s , acquiring a 5 % stake in two new domestic networks , the mainichi broadcasting system in 1951 and nihon educational television in 1957. goldenson also invested in broadcasting properties in beirut in the mid-1960s .
this is often interpreted as meaning the outer chloroplast membrane is the product of the host 's cell membrane infolding to form a vesicle to surround the ancestral cyanobacterium—which is not true—both chloroplast membranes are homologous to the cyanobacterium 's original double membranes .
as well as creating rights for " workers " who generally lack bargaining power in the market , the treaty on the functioning of the european union also protects the " freedom of establishment " in article 49 , and " freedom to provide services " in article 56. in gebhard v consiglio dell ’ ordine degli avvocati e procuratori di milano the court of justice held that to be " established " means to participate in economic life " on a stable and continuous basis " , while providing " services " meant pursuing activity more " on a temporary basis " .
tibetan art from the 14th to the 19th century is represented by notable 14th- and 15th-century religious images in wood and bronze , scroll paintings and ritual objects .
as a result , by 1206 temüjin had managed to unite or subdue the merkits , naimans , mongols , keraites , tatars , uyghurs , and other disparate smaller tribes under his rule .
victoria ( abbreviated as vic ) is a state in the south-east of australia .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
it is now used to jointly house the prints and architectural drawings of the v & a ( prints , drawings , paintings and photographs ) and royal institute of british architects ( riba drawings and archives collections ) ; and the sackler centre for arts education , which opened in 2008 .
it is possible to use a mechanism based on a pistonless rotary engine such as the wankel engine in place of the cylinders and valve gear of a conventional reciprocating steam engine .
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary .
first , if a directive 's deadline for implementation is not met , the member state can not enforce conflicting laws , and a citizen may rely on the directive in such an action ( so called " vertical " direct effect ) .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
nonetheless , the linear channels were not offered , virgin media instead concentrating on its video on demand service to carry a modest selection of hd content .
the tentacles of cydippid ctenophores are typically fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) , although a few genera have simple tentacles without these sidebranches .
the university of chicago agreed to confer a degree on any graduating senior from an affiliated school who made a grade of a for all four years , and on any other graduate who took twelve weeks additional study at the university of chicago .
he appointed robert of jumièges archbishop of canterbury and made ralph the timid earl of hereford .
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire .
from 1510 to 1520 , luther lectured on the psalms , the books of hebrews , romans , and galatians .
tesla would telephone his dinner order to the headwaiter , who also could be the only one to serve him .
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states .
nevertheless , professor richard ( dick ) geary , former professor of modern history at the university of nottingham , england , and the author of hitler and nazism ( routledge 1993 ) , wrote in the journal history today an article on who voted for the nazis in elections held from 1928-1933 , where he claimed that from his research he found that the nazis gained disproportionately more votes from protestant than catholic areas of germany .
a natural number greater than 1 that is not a prime number is called a composite number .
this " decision time " is heralded by the sounding of the division bell , which is heard throughout the parliamentary campus and alerts msps who are not in the chamber to return and vote .
this study was followed by design of a larger orbital workshop to be built in orbit from an empty s-ivb saturn upper stage , and grew into the apollo applications program ( aap ) .
in the middle east , and particularly in iran , genghis khan is almost universally condemned as a destructive and genocidal warlord who caused enormous damage and destruction to the population of these areas .
terra preta ( black earth ) , which is distributed over large areas in the amazon forest , is now widely accepted as a product of indigenous soil management .
climate fluctuations during the last 34 million years have allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics .
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer .
the final part of the museum designed by scott was the art library and what is now the sculpture gallery on the south side of the garden , built 1877–83 , the exterior mosaic panels in the parapet were designed by reuben townroe who also designed the plaster work in the library , sir john taylor designed the book shelves and cases , also this was the first part of the museum to have electric lighting .
the master is the doctor 's archenemy , a renegade time lord who desires to rule the universe .
similarly , the sieve of eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered a prime : a modified version of the sieve that considers 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of 1 ( that is , all other numbers ) and produce as output only the single number 1. furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function .
between may and september 2005 , rumors circulated that disney–abc was considering a sale of abc radio , with clear channel communications and westwood one ( which had earlier purchased nbc 's radio division , as well as the distribution rights to cbs 's , and the mutual broadcasting system during the 1990s ) as potential buyers .
over the next three years he deployed a series of papal theologians and envoys against luther , which served only to harden the reformer 's anti-papal theology .
there are a set of beautiful inlaid doors , dated 1580 from antwerp city hall , attributed to hans vredeman de vries .
his biblical ideal of congregations ' choosing their own ministers had proved unworkable .
photorespiration can occur when the oxygen concentration is too high .
the v & a theatre & performance galleries , formerly the theatre museum , opened in march 2009. the collections are stored by the v & a , and are available for research , exhibitions and other shows .
the official opening by queen victoria was on 22 june 1857. in the following year , late night openings were introduced , made possible by the use of gas lighting .
this treatise is currently in the nikola tesla museum archive in belgrade .
the pilgrim street building was refurbished between november 2006 and may 2008 ; during the refurbishment works , the cinema relocated to the old town hall , gateshead .
modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes , probabilistic ( or " monte carlo " ) and deterministic algorithms .
his father , milutin tesla , was a serbian orthodox priest .
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds .
the internal cavity forms : a mouth that can usually be closed by muscles ; a pharynx ( " throat " ) ; a wider area in the center that acts as a stomach ; and a system of internal canals .
all but one of the known platyctenid species lack comb-rows .
a version was taken up by the author henry david thoreau in his essay civil disobedience , and later by gandhi in his doctrine of satyagraha .
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm .
due to its central location between the polish–lithuanian commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and of the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596. after the third partition of poland in 1795 , warsaw was incorporated into the kingdom of prussia .
the very high-speed backbone network service ( vbns ) came on line in april 1995 as part of a national science foundation ( nsf ) sponsored project to provide high-speed interconnection between nsf-sponsored supercomputing centers and select access points in the united states .
as of 2004 , an estimated 32,463 farms occupied around 136,000 square kilometres ( 52,500 sq mi ) of victorian land .
the t. t. tsui gallery of chinese art opened in 1991 , displaying a representative collection of the v & as approximately 16,000 objects from china , dating from the 4th millennium bc to the present day .
on 1 february 2007 , the eve of the publication of ipcc 's major report on climate , a study was published suggesting that temperatures and sea levels have been rising at or above the maximum rates proposed during the last ipcc report in 2001. the study compared ipcc 2001 projections on temperature and sea level change with observations .
following this exodus , huguenots remained in large numbers in only one region of france : the rugged cévennes region in the south .
the smaller the economic inequality , the more waste and pollution is created , resulting in many cases , in more environmental degradation .
oxygen also occurs in phosphate ( po3− 4 ) groups in the biologically important energy-carrying molecules atp and adp , in the backbone and the purines ( except adenine ) and pyrimidines of rna and dna , and in bones as calcium phosphate and hydroxylapatite .
average annual precipitation is around 11.5 inches ( 292.1 mm ) , which , by definition , would classify the area as a semidesert .
however , the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... diverges ( i.e. , exceeds any given number ) , so there must be infinitely many primes .
oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema , pneumonia , some heart disorders ( congestive heart failure ) , some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure , and any disease that impairs the body 's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen .
neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor , capital and land .
in front of the field of macrocilia , on the mouth " lips " in some species of beroe , is a pair of narrow strips of adhesive epithelial cells on the stomach wall that " zip " the mouth shut when the animal is not feeding , by forming intercellular connections with the opposite adhesive strip .
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms .
major bequests include reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of 154 gems bequeathed in 1869 , lady cory 's 1951 gift of major diamond jewellery from the 18th and 19th centuries , and jewellery scholar dame joan evans ' 1977 gift of more than 800 jewels dating from the middle ages to the early 19th century .
starch storing amyloplasts can also be converted to chromoplasts , and it is possible for proplastids to develop straight into chromoplasts .
the last plague outbreak ravaged oslo in 1654 .
on april 4 , disney sold the four newspapers that abc had controlled under capital cities to knight ridder for $ 1.65 billion .
in recent years " the gate " has opened in the city centre , a new indoor complex consisting of bars , upmarket clubs , restaurants and a 12-screen empire multiplex cinema .
of the 129 msps , 73 are elected to represent first past the post constituencies and are known as " constituency msps " .
+ 1 is divisible by p. moreover , an integer n > 4 is composite if and only if ( n − 1 ) !
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
most of the wind rose direction occurrences derive from the northwest , as winds are driven downward along the axis of the california central valley ; in december , january and february there is an increased presence of southeastern wind directions in the wind rose statistics .
according to geographic scholars under colonizing empires , the world could be split into climatic zones .
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of 874.3 square miles ( 2,264 km2 ) , making jacksonville the largest city in land area in the contiguous united states ; of this , 86.66 % ( 757.7 sq mi or 1,962 km2 ) is land and ; 13.34 % ( 116.7 sq mi or 302 km2 ) is water .
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards .
he believed early on that damage to the skin was not caused by the roentgen rays , but by the ozone generated in contact with the skin , and to a lesser extent , by nitrous acid .
he was buried in an unmarked grave somewhere in mongolia at an unknown location .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network .
the average mongol garrison family of the yuan dynasty seems to have lived a life of decaying rural leisure , with income from the harvests of their chinese tenants eaten up by costs of equipping and dispatching men for their tours of duty .
in cpdna , there are several a → g deamination gradients .
conservation is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections , and covers all the collections held by the v & a and the v & a museum of childhood .
another important library – the university library , founded in 1816 , is home to over two million items .
like most legislative bodies , the city council divides itself into committees which have the oversight of various functions of the city government .
he was supposedly killed with poison by el temür , and tugh temür then remounted the throne .
tesla was able to perform integral calculus in his head , which prompted his teachers to believe that he was cheating .
the very high-speed backbone network service ( vbns ) came on line in april 1995 as part of a national science foundation ( nsf ) sponsored project to provide high-speed interconnection between nsf-sponsored supercomputing centers and select access points in the united states .
jacksonville surrounds the town of baldwin .
on october 19 , 2005 , abc announced the restructuring of the group into six divisions : entertainment communications , communications resources , kids communications , news communications , corporate communications , and international communications .
examples include the huguenot district and french church street in cork city ; and d'olier street in dublin , named after a high sheriff and one of the founders of the bank of ireland .
the textbook examples are cydippids with egg-shaped bodies and a pair of retractable tentacles fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) that are covered with colloblasts , sticky cells that capture prey .
on december 12 , washington and his men reached fort le boeuf .
surveys of plague pit remains in france and england indicate the first variant entered europe through the port of marseille around november 1347 and spread through france over the next two years , eventually reaching england in the spring of 1349 , where it spread through the country in three epidemics .
the second main legislative body is the council , which is composed of different ministers of the member states .
the success of this exhibition led to the planning of the festival of britain ( 1951 ) .
in 1968 , abc took advantage of new fcc ownership regulations that allowed broadcasting companies to own a maximum of seven radio stations nationwide in order to purchase houston radio stations kxyz and kxyz-fm for $ 1 million in shares and $ 1.5 million in bonds .
faults are younger than the rocks they cut ; accordingly , if a fault is found that penetrates some formations but not those on top of it , then the formations that were cut are older than the fault , and the ones that are not cut must be younger than the fault .
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation .
only 100–150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
the crew of apollo 8 sent the first live televised pictures of the earth and the moon back to earth , and read from the creation story in the book of genesis , on christmas eve , 1968. an estimated one-quarter of the population of the world saw—either live or delayed—the christmas eve transmission during the ninth orbit of the moon .
according to transcripts , the debate sometimes became confrontational .
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot .
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1. the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) !
[ citation needed ] after decades of neglect and suburban flight , the neighborhood revival followed the re-opening of the tower theatre in the late 1970s , which at that time showed second and third run movies , along with classic films .
if there is audible dissent , the presiding officer announces " there will be a division " and members vote by means of electronic consoles on their desks .
in wesel , 30 km downstream of duisburg , is located the western end of the second east-west shipping route , the wesel-datteln canal , which runs parallel to the lippe .
the embargo left oil companies searching for new ways to increase oil supplies , even in rugged terrain such as the arctic .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
despite being relatively unaffected by the embargo , the uk nonetheless faced an oil crisis of its own - a series of strikes by coal miners and railroad workers over the winter of 1973–74 became a major factor in the change of government .
adaptive ( or acquired ) immunity creates immunological memory after an initial response to a specific pathogen , leading to an enhanced response to subsequent encounters with that same pathogen .
the v & a presented a combined concert/lecture by british progressive folk-rock band gryphon , who explored the lineage of mediaeval music and instrumentation and related how those contributed to contemporary music 500 years later .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
in the 18th century american timothy dexter , an entrepreneur , widely regarded as an eccentric , defied this idiom .
wiesner kept up the pressure , even making the disagreement public during a two-day september visit by the president to marshall space flight center .
the 2010 united states census reported that fresno had a population of 494,665. the population density was 4,404.5 people per square mile ( 1,700.6/km² ) .
in 1226 , immediately after returning from the west , genghis khan began a retaliatory attack on the tanguts .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
this decreed that it would be occupied by the allies , until 1935 and after that , it would be a demilitarised zone , with the german army forbidden to enter .
frontex , the european union agency for external border security , has its headquarters in warsaw .
in total there are 352 votes , but for most acts there must be a qualified majority vote , if not consensus .
in 2009 , nasa held a symposium on project costs which presented an estimate of the apollo program costs in 2005 dollars as roughly $ 170 billion .
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation .
he prayed , consulted friends , and gave his response the next day :
this lessens the likelihood of damage to the existing electrical , water , sewage , phone , and cable facilities , which could cause outages and potentially hazardous situations .
if they enter less dense brackish water , the ciliary rosettes in the body cavity may pump this into the mesoglea to increase its bulk and decrease its density , to avoid sinking .
french regular army reinforcements arrived in new france in may 1756 , led by major general louis-joseph de montcalm and seconded by the chevalier de lévis and colonel françois-charles de bourlamaque , all experienced veterans from the war of the austrian succession .
the label huguenot was purportedly first applied in france to those conspirators ( all of them aristocratic members of the reformed church ) involved in the amboise plot of 1560 : a foiled attempt to wrest power in france from the influential house of guise .
in mongolia today , genghis khan 's name and likeness are endorsed on products , streets , buildings , and other places .
in the laboratory , stratigraphers analyze samples of stratigraphic sections that can be returned from the field , such as those from drill cores .
it is culturally diverse and also includes significant mexican-american and asian-american ( principally hmong or laotian ) populations .
students graduating in the top 4–5 % of the class are awarded degrees summa cum laude , students in the next 15 % of the class are awarded magna cum laude , and the next 30 % of the class are awarded cum laude .
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view .
continuing the style of the earlier buildings , various designers were responsible for the decoration , the terracotta embellishments were again the work of godfrey sykes , although sgraffito was used to decorate the east side of the building designed by f. w. moody , a final embellishment were the wrought iron gates made as late as 1885 designed by starkie gardner , these lead to a passage through the building .
and resurrection , all of which were renewed ; however , that season saw the cancellations of holdovers the neighbors ( which languished in its new friday time slot despite being bookended by last man standing and shark tank ) and suburgatory .
29.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 7.9 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
because of its unpaired electrons , triplet oxygen reacts only slowly with most organic molecules , which have paired electron spins ; this prevents spontaneous combustion .
the city has a proud history of theatre .
within labor income distribution is due to differences in value added by different classifications of workers .
in july 1973 , as part of its outreach programme to young people , the v & a became the first museum in britain to present a rock concert .
analyses based on comparing yearly equality figures to yearly growth rates were misleading because it takes several years for effects to manifest as changes to economic growth .
for eight days in lent , beginning on invocavit sunday , 9 march , luther preached eight sermons , which became known as the " invocavit sermons " .
the formal language associated with this decision problem is then the set of all connected graphs—of course , to obtain a precise definition of this language , one has to decide how graphs are encoded as binary strings .
many of southern california 's most developed cities lie along or in close proximity to the coast , with the exception of san bernardino and riverside .
its capital and largest city is nairobi .
attendance at the 2003 meeting included 350 government officials and climate change experts .
healers were divided into non-mongol physicians called otachi and traditional mongol shamans .
in 1466 , perhaps 40,000 people died of the plague in paris .
a teacher may follow standardized curricula as determined by the relevant authority .
from the late 1340s onwards , people in the countryside suffered from frequent natural disasters such as droughts , floods and the resulting famines , and the government 's lack of effective policy led to a loss of popular support .
southern california is also home to the port of los angeles , the united states ' busiest commercial port ; the adjacent port of long beach , the united states ' second busiest container port ; and the port of san diego .
in the u.s. federal health care system ( including the va , the indian health service , and nih ) ambulatory care pharmacists are given full independent prescribing authority .
problems with the yes/no answers reversed ) of np problems .
statements from the presiding officer and the member in charge of the bill are also lodged indicating whether the bill is within the legislative competence of the parliament .
notable extracurricular groups include the university of chicago college bowl team , which has won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships , leading both categories internationally .
los angeles itself has many business districts including the downtown los angeles central business district as well as those lining the wilshire boulevard miracle mile including century city , westwood and warner center in the san fernando valley .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
on 18 april 1521 , luther appeared as ordered before the diet of worms .
it was founded by former arpa ipto director larry roberts as a means of making arpanet technology public .
there are conflicting views of genghis khan in the people 's republic of china with some viewing him positively in the inner mongolia region where there are a monument and buildings about him and where there is a considerable number of mongols in the area with a population of around 5 million , almost twice the population of mongolia .
the first result in that direction is the prime number theorem , proven at the end of the 19th century , which says that the probability that a given , randomly chosen number n is prime is inversely proportional to its number of digits , or to the logarithm of n .
similarly , algorithms can solve the np-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes in less than quadratic time and sat solvers routinely handle large instances of the np-complete boolean satisfiability problem .
subsequently , californios ( dissatisfied with inequitable taxes and land laws ) and pro-slavery southerners in the lightly populated " cow counties " of southern california attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve a separate statehood or territorial status separate from northern california .
one important rock found during the apollo program is dubbed the genesis rock , retrieved by astronauts david scott and james irwin during the apollo 15 mission .
price controls exacerbated the crisis in the us .
according to the cellular theory of immunity , represented in particular by elie metchnikoff , it was cells – more precisely , phagocytes – that were responsible for immune responses .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
broadcaster and writer stuart maconie described newcastle as england 's best-looking city and the late german-born british scholar of architecture , nikolaus pevsner , describes grey street as one of the finest streets in england .
the college of the university of chicago grants bachelor of arts and bachelor of science degrees in 50 academic majors and 28 minors .
tesla may have inadvertently captured an x-ray image—predating , by a few weeks , wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 announcement of the discovery of x-rays—when he tried to photograph mark twain illuminated by a geissler tube , an earlier type of gas discharge tube .
the private 'un-aided ' schools are fully funded by private parties .
the college 's academics are divided into five divisions : the biological sciences collegiate division , the physical sciences collegiate division , the social sciences collegiate division , the humanities collegiate division , and the new collegiate division .
a third series was broadcast from 6 to 10 july 2009 , and consisted of a single five-part story called children of earth which was set largely in london .
physicists are still attempting to develop self-consistent unification models that would combine all four fundamental interactions into a theory of everything .
existing staff will be vetted on a phased basis .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
the presiding officer ( or deputy presiding officer ) decides who speaks in chamber debates and the amount of time for which they are allowed to speak .
according to the secret history of the mongols genghis khan fell from his horse while hunting and died because of the injury .
several prominent german military , cultural , and political figures were ethnic huguenot , including poet theodor fontane , general hermann von françois , the hero of the first world war battle of tannenberg , luftwaffe general and fighter ace adolf galland , luftwaffe flying ace hans-joachim marseille , and famed u-boat captain lothar von arnauld de la perière .
rather than waste the saturn v on another simple earth-orbiting mission , aspo manager george low suggested the bold step of sending apollo 8 to orbit the moon instead , deferring the d mission to the next mission in march 1969 , and eliminating the e mission .
authors may refer to non-peer-reviewed sources ( the " grey literature " ) , provided that they are of sufficient quality .
annual rainfall has ranged from 23.57 inches ( 598.7 mm ) in the “ rain year ” from july 1982 to june 1983 down to 4.43 inches ( 112.5 mm ) from july 1933 to june 1934. the most rainfall in one month was 9.54 inches ( 242.3 mm ) in november 1885 and the most rainfall in 24 hours 3.55 inches ( 90.2 mm ) on november 18 , 1885. measurable precipitation falls on an average of 48 days annually .
legally , the central bridge is the boundary between high and upper rhine .
when such oxygen sinks became saturated , free oxygen began to outgas from the oceans 3–2.7 billion years ago , reaching 10 % of its present level around 1.7 billion years ago .
on 1 february 2007 , the eve of the publication of ipcc 's major report on climate , a study was published suggesting that temperatures and sea levels have been rising at or above the maximum rates proposed during the last ipcc report in 2001. the study compared ipcc 2001 projections on temperature and sea level change with observations .
indeed , for vice president agnew it has become a code-word describing the activities of muggers , arsonists , draft evaders , campaign hecklers , campus militants , anti-war demonstrators , juvenile delinquents and political assassins . "
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession .
many devices such as the tesla coil were used in the further development of radio .
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times .
the evolutionary strategy used by cicadas of the genus magicicada make use of prime numbers .
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs .
muqali , a trusted lieutenant , was given command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty while genghis khan was fighting in central asia , and subutai and jebe were allowed to pursue the great raid into the caucasus and kievan rus ' , an idea they had presented to the khagan on their own initiative .
the bakersfield-stockton mainlines of the burlington northern santa fe railway and union pacific railroad railroads cross in fresno , and both railroads maintain railyards within the city ; the san joaquin valley railroad also operates former southern pacific branchlines heading west and south out of the city .
in traditional historiography of china , on the other hand , the yuan dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the song dynasty and the ming dynasty .
in 1354 , when toghtogha led a large army to crush the red turban rebels , toghun temür suddenly dismissed him for fear of betrayal .
wesleyan theology stands at a unique cross-roads between evangelical and sacramental , between liturgical and charismatic , and between anglo-catholic and reformed theology and practice .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
the melbourne cricket ground is the largest stadium in australia , and the host of the 1956 summer olympics and the 2006 commonwealth games .
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . "
" official " reconstructions have also been released by the bbc on vhs , on mp3 cd-rom , and as special features on dvd .
the success of roots , happy days and the love boat allowed the network to take first place in the ratings for the first time in the 1976–77 season .
grissom , white , and chaffee decided to name their flight apollo 1 as a motivational focus on the first manned flight .
about 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) from warsaw , the vistula river 's environment changes strikingly and features a perfectly preserved ecosystem , with a habitat of animals that includes the otter , beaver and hundreds of bird species .
the invading normans and their descendants replaced the anglo-saxons as the ruling class of england .
they retained the religious provisions of the edict of nantes until the rule of louis xiv , who progressively increased persecution of them until he issued the edict of fontainebleau ( 1685 ) , which abolished all legal recognition of protestantism in france , and forced the huguenots to convert .
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare .
genghis khan , after conquering deshun , went to liupanshan ( qingshui county , gansu province ) to escape the severe summer .
in marleasing sa v la comercial sa the court of justice held that a spanish court had to interpret its general civil code provisions , on contracts lacking cause or defrauding creditors , to conform with the first company law directive article 11 , that required incorporations would only be nullified for a fixed list of reasons .
knls is the body mandated to establish , equip , manage and maintain national and public libraries in the country .
in wesel , 30 km downstream of duisburg , is located the western end of the second east-west shipping route , the wesel-datteln canal , which runs parallel to the lippe .
many faults are able to produce a magnitude 6.7+ earthquake , such as the san andreas fault , which can produce a magnitude 8.0 event .
the o 2 surrounding these other planets is produced solely by ultraviolet radiation impacting oxygen-containing molecules such as carbon dioxide .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
the condés established a thriving glass-making works , which provided wealth to the principality for many years .
these façades surround four levels of galleries .
once successfully completed , " provisional registration " is given by the gtcs which is raised to " full registration " status after a year if there is sufficient evidence to show that the " standard for full registration " has been met .
further , newton realized that the acceleration due to gravity is proportional to the mass of the attracting body .
this was followed by embankment , of the major distributaries and damming of minor distributaries , which took place in the 11–13th century ad .
they have extensive botanical collection of rare domestic and foreign plants , while a palm house in the new orangery displays plants of subtropics from all over the world .
on the very northern edge of the site is situated the secretariat wing , also built in 1862 this houses the offices and board room etc .
the first , as-201 launched on february 26 , reached an altitude of 265.7 nautical miles ( 492.1 km ) and splashed down 4,577 nautical miles ( 8,477 km ) downrange in the atlantic ocean .
after kenya 's independence on 12 december 1963 , an authority named the ominde commission was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty .
through combining the definition of electric current as the time rate of change of electric charge , a rule of vector multiplication called lorentz 's law describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field .
the phrase taking coals to newcastle was first recorded contextually in 1538. the phrase itself means a pointless pursuit .
the discourse of orientalism therefore served as an ideological justification of early western imperialism , as it formed a body of knowledge and ideas that rationalized social , cultural , political , and economic control of other territories .
the stationary steam engine was a key component of the industrial revolution , allowing factories to locate where water power was unavailable .
the victorian constitution can be amended by the parliament of victoria , except for certain " entrenched " provisions that require either an absolute majority in both houses , a three-fifths majority in both houses , or the approval of the victorian people in a referendum , depending on the provision .
the extant manuscript shows multiple revisions , demonstrating luther 's concern to clarify and strengthen the text and to provide an appropriately prayerful tune .
oxygen constitutes 49.2 % of the earth 's crust by mass and is the major component of the world 's oceans ( 88.8 % by mass ) .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
at the waal , for example , the most landward tidal influence can be detected between brakel and zaltbommel .
genghis khan united the mongol and turkic tribes of the steppes and became great khan in 1206. he and his successors expanded the mongol empire across asia .
the main sources of primary law are the treaties establishing the european union .
courts have distinguished between two types of civil disobedience : " indirect civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not , itself , the object of protest , whereas direct civil disobedience involves protesting the existence of a particular law by breaking that law . "
most of the emperors could not master written chinese , but they could generally converse well in the language .
the rhine-meuse delta is a tidal delta , shaped not only by the sedimentation of the rivers , but also by tidal currents .
the section of huntington boulevard between first street on the west to cedar avenue on the east is the home to many large , stately homes .
[ j ] oxygen toxicity usually begins to occur at partial pressures more than 50 kilopascals ( kpa ) , equal to about 50 % oxygen composition at standard pressure or 2.5 times the normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure of about 21 kpa .
it is usually recognized that lawbreaking , if it is not done publicly , at least must be publicly announced in order to constitute civil disobedience .
this system reflects much similarity to the checks and balances system of the u.s. and many other governments .
his father arranged a marriage for him , and at nine years of age he was delivered by his father to the family of his future wife börte , who was a member of the tribe khongirad .
for example , 5 is prime because 1 and 5 are its only positive integer factors , whereas 6 is composite because it has the divisors 2 and 3 in addition to 1 and 6. the fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes the central role of primes in number theory : any integer greater than 1 can be expressed as a product of primes that is unique up to ordering .
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable .
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s .
the phrase retains this association with doctor who , to the point that in 1991 the museum of the moving image in london named their exhibition celebrating the programme " behind the sofa " .
the result leads to even greater inequality and potential economic instability .
some of the income was dispensed in the form of aid to other underdeveloped nations whose economies had been caught between higher oil prices and lower prices for their own export commodities , amid shrinking western demand .
here the strong force acts indirectly , transmitted as gluons , which form part of the virtual pi and rho mesons , which classically transmit the nuclear force ( see this topic for more ) .
in 2006 , 304,016 companies were registered in the city .
harvard has several athletic facilities , such as the lavietes pavilion , a multi-purpose arena and home to the harvard basketball teams .
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states .
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot .
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices .
mitsubishi rebranded its forte as the dodge d-50 a few years after the oil crisis .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
photosystem ii and photosystem i contain light-harvesting complexes with chlorophyll and carotenoids that absorb light energy and use it to energize electrons .
they help transfer and dissipate excess energy , and their bright colors sometimes override the chlorophyll green , like during the fall , when the leaves of some land plants change color .
if a pathogen breaches these barriers , the innate immune system provides an immediate , but non-specific response .
european and arab presence in coastal mombasa dates to the early modern period ; european exploration of the interior began in the 19th century .
the act delineates the legislative competence of the parliament – the areas in which it can make laws – by explicitly specifying powers that are " reserved " to the parliament of the united kingdom .
by the end of his life , the mongol empire occupied a substantial portion of central asia and china .
the sky q silver set top box is capable of receiving and displaying uhd broadcasts , which sky will introduce later in 2016 .
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no .
the church was eventually replaced by a third , trinity-st. paul 's episcopal church , which contains heirlooms including the original bell from the french huguenot church " eglise du st. esperit " on pine street in new york city , which is preserved as a relic in the tower room .
however , in real life , matter has extended structure and forces that act on one part of an object might affect other parts of an object .
while experimenting , tesla inadvertently faulted a power station generator , causing a power outage .
möngke khan commenced a military campaign against the chinese song dynasty in southern china .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
tesla was incorrect in his assumption that high frequency radio waves would penetrate water but émile girardeau , who helped develop france 's first radar system in the 1930s , noted in 1953 that tesla 's general speculation that a very strong high frequency signal would be needed was correct stating " ( tesla ) was prophesying or dreaming , since he had at his disposal no means of carrying them out , but one must add that if he was dreaming , at least he was dreaming correctly .
in much of the u.s. south , many white students migrated to the academies , while public schools became in turn more heavily concentrated with african-american students ( see list of private schools in mississippi ) .
it is only when observing the motion in a global sense that the curvature of space-time can be observed and the force is inferred from the object 's curved path .
engineering news-record ( enr ) is a trade magazine for the construction industry .
meanwhile , they occupied petrela , the citadel of mili at the banks of the river deabolis , gllavenica ( ballsh ) , kanina and jericho .
a typical configuration is to run ip over atm or a version of mpls .
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds .
to counteract nbc , abc decided to refocus itself on comedies and family-oriented series beginning in the mid-1980s including mr. belvedere , roseanne , who 's the boss ? , just the ten of us , the wonder years , full house and perfect strangers .
there is criticism that american energy policies since the crisis have been dominated by crisis-mentality thinking , promoting expensive quick fixes and single-shot solutions that ignore market and technology realities .
ogedei 's grandson kaidu refused to submit to kublai and threatened the western frontier of kublai 's domain .
the announcement came a day after setanta sports confirmed that it would launch in march as a subscription service on the digital terrestrial platform , and on the same day that ntl 's services re-branded as virgin media .
they were powered by air pressure pushing a piston into the partial vacuum generated by condensing steam , instead of the pressure of expanding steam .
if the water level drops , such that the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly , the lead melts and the steam escapes , warning the operators , who may then manually suppress the fire .
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche .
tesla claimed to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy that he started working on in 1892 , and in 1937 , at age 81 , claimed in a letter to have completed a " dynamic theory of gravity " that " [ would ] put an end to idle speculations and false conceptions , as that of curved space . "
another form ( allotrope ) of oxygen , ozone ( o 3 ) , strongly absorbs uvb radiation and consequently the high-altitude ozone layer helps protect the biosphere from ultraviolet radiation , but is a pollutant near the surface where it is a by-product of smog .
in 1928 , tesla received his last patent , u.s. patent 1,655,114 , for a biplane capable of taking off vertically ( vtol aircraft ) and then be " gradually tilted through manipulation of the elevator devices " in flight until it was flying like a conventional plane .
the e. w. scripps company is the largest operator of abc stations in terms of overall market reach , owning 15 abc-affiliated stations ( including affiliates in larger markets such as cleveland , phoenix , detroit and denver ) , and through its ownership of phoenix affiliate knxv , las vegas affiliate ktnv-tv and tucson affiliate kgun-tv , the only provider of abc programming for the majority of arizona ( outside of the yuma-el centro market ) and southern nevada .
the dominant economic sectors in the middle rhine area are viniculture and tourism .
this biogeochemical cycle describes the movement of oxygen within and between its three main reservoirs on earth : the atmosphere , the biosphere , and the lithosphere .
some of tesla 's patents are not accounted for , and various sources have discovered some that have lain hidden in patent archives .
the english name " normans " comes from the french words normans/normanz , plural of normant , modern french normand , which is itself borrowed from old low franconian nortmann " northman " or directly from old norse norðmaðr , latinized variously as nortmannus , normannus , or nordmannus ( recorded in medieval latin , 9th century ) to mean " norseman , viking " .
victoria contains many topographically , geologically and climatically diverse areas , ranging from the wet , temperate climate of gippsland in the southeast to the snow-covered victorian alpine areas which rise to almost 2,000 m ( 6,600 ft ) , with mount bogong the highest peak at 1,986 m ( 6,516 ft ) .
this routine consists of dividing n by each integer m that is greater than 1 and less than or equal to the square root of n. if the result of any of these divisions is an integer , then n is not a prime , otherwise it is a prime .
america 's oldest collection of maps , gazetteers , and atlases both old and new is stored in pusey library and open to the public .
in 1903 , harvard stadium introduced a new era into football with the first-ever permanent reinforced concrete stadium of its kind in the country .
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen .
victoria contains many topographically , geologically and climatically diverse areas , ranging from the wet , temperate climate of gippsland in the southeast to the snow-covered victorian alpine areas which rise to almost 2,000 m ( 6,600 ft ) , with mount bogong the highest peak at 1,986 m ( 6,516 ft ) .
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north .
jamukha supported the traditional mongolian aristocracy , while temüjin followed a meritocratic method , and attracted a broader , though lower class , range of followers .
among the largest predatory creatures are the black caiman , jaguar , cougar , and anaconda .
without the pressure reaching supercritical levels for the working fluid , the temperature range the cycle can operate over is quite small ; in steam turbines , turbine entry temperatures are typically 565 °c ( the creep limit of stainless steel ) and condenser temperatures are around 30 °c .
the bbc will carry its own british english broadcast , with greg brady , darren fletcher and rocky boiman on commentary .
civil disobedience is one of the many ways people have rebelled against what they deem to be unfair laws .
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx .
in response , the university became a major sponsor of a controversial urban renewal project for hyde park , which profoundly affected both the neighborhood 's architecture and street plan .
in the case of model or toy steam engines , the heat source can be an electric heating element .
shi tianze was a han chinese who lived in the jin dynasty .
most of the modern day population growth is based on internal migration and urbanisation .
maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party in 1941 and remained its leader until 1972. however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising .
this was a general assembly of the estates of the holy roman empire that took place in worms , a town on the rhine .
uptake of o 2 from the air is the essential purpose of respiration , so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine .
other symbols are common in different countries : the green greek cross in france , argentina , the united kingdom , belgium , ireland , italy , spain , and india , the increasingly rare gaper in the netherlands , and a red stylized letter a in germany and austria ( from apotheke , the german word for pharmacy , from the same greek root as the english word 'apothecary ' ) .
on the other hand , in the late 1980s the western atlantic ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the black sea and sea of azov via the ballast tanks of ships , and has been blamed for causing sharp drops in fish catches by eating both fish larvae and small crustaceans that would otherwise feed the adult fish .
mass residential blocks were erected , with basic design typical of eastern bloc countries .
funding for private schools is generally provided through student tuition , endowments , scholarship/voucher funds , and donations and grants from religious organizations or private individuals .
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966. ten years later , the first original doctor who audio was released on lp record ; doctor who and the pescatons featuring the fourth doctor .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
the edict reaffirmed catholicism as the state religion of france , but granted the protestants equality with catholics under the throne and a degree of religious and political freedom within their domains .
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species .
the war was fought primarily along the frontiers between new france and the british colonies , from virginia in the south to nova scotia in the north .
the images were from tapes in australia , the cbs news archive , and kinescope recordings made at johnson space center .
opposition members can table " wrecking amendments " to the bill , designed to thwart further progress and take up parliamentary time , to cause the bill to fall without a final vote being taken .
the opening was celebrated with a grand dinner attended by 2000 guests , and the laing art gallery has a painting of this event .
in the course of the polish-bolshevik war of 1920 , the huge battle of warsaw was fought on the eastern outskirts of the city in which the capital was successfully defended and the red army defeated .
like sponges and cnidarians , ctenophores have two main layers of cells that sandwich a middle layer of jelly-like material , which is called the mesoglea in cnidarians and ctenophores ; more complex animals have three main cell layers and no intermediate jelly-like layer .
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966. ten years later , the first original doctor who audio was released on lp record ; doctor who and the pescatons featuring the fourth doctor .
fears of being labelled a pedophile or hebephile has led to several men who enjoy teaching avoiding the profession .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
france ceded its territory east of the mississippi to great britain .
the pound-force has a metric counterpart , less commonly used than the newton : the kilogram-force ( kgf ) ( sometimes kilopond ) , is the force exerted by standard gravity on one kilogram of mass .
in all other rows ( a = 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 7 , and 8 ) there are infinitely many prime numbers .
its existence was first proved in 1962 , and first sequenced in 1986—when two japanese research teams sequenced the chloroplast dna of liverwort and tobacco .
of the total 131 seats , 129 are occupied by the parliament 's elected msps and 2 are seats for the scottish law officers – the lord advocate and the solicitor general for scotland , who are not elected members of the parliament but are members of the scottish government .
in contrast to disney 's other channels , abc is broadcast in the united states , although the network 's programming is syndicated in many countries .
luther 's 1538 hymnic version of the lord 's prayer , " vater unser im himmelreich " , corresponds exactly to luther 's explanation of the prayer in the small catechism , with one stanza for each of the seven prayer petitions , plus opening and closing stanzas .
the daleks are kaleds from the planet skaro , mutated by the scientist davros and housed in mechanical armour shells for mobility .
the sedimentary rock can then be subsequently turned into a metamorphic rock due to heat and pressure and is then weathered , eroded , deposited , and lithified , ultimately becoming a sedimentary rock .
oxygen , as a supposed mild euphoric , has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars and in sports .
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) .
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
to fix carbon dioxide into sugar molecules in the process of photosynthesis , chloroplasts use an enzyme called rubisco .
nevertheless , professor richard ( dick ) geary , former professor of modern history at the university of nottingham , england , and the author of hitler and nazism ( routledge 1993 ) , wrote in the journal history today an article on who voted for the nazis in elections held from 1928-1933 , where he claimed that from his research he found that the nazis gained disproportionately more votes from protestant than catholic areas of germany .
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323. he continued his father 's policies to reform the government based on the confucian principles , with the help of his newly appointed grand chancellor baiju .
the last was owned by electronics manufacturer radio corporation of america ( rca ) , which owned two radio networks that each ran different varieties of programming , nbc blue and nbc red .
different ways to teach are often referred to as pedagogy .
this is true even though another person who is observing the moving vehicle pass by also observes the ball follow a curving parabolic path in the same direction as the motion of the vehicle .
in 1972 , the new rules resulted in the company 's decision to split abc films into two separate companies : the existing worldvision enterprises , which would produce and distribute programming for u.s. syndication , and abc circle films as a production unit .
nevertheless , there have been serious allegations of human rights violations , most recently while conducting counter-insurgency operations in the mt elgon area and also in the district of mandera central .
various species of poison dart frogs secrete lipophilic alkaloid toxins through their flesh .
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010. that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004. ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase .
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 142 pounds ( 64 kg ) , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926.:292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities .
a new bus station , replacing the old underground bus station , was officially opened in march 2007. the wing of the centre , including the undercover green market , near grainger street was demolished in 2007 so that the area could be redeveloped .
kublai secured the northeast border in 1259 by installing the hostage prince wonjong as the ruler of korea , making it a mongol tributary state .
his marriage to katharina von bora set a model for the practice of clerical marriage , allowing protestant clergy to marry .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
cestids can swim by undulating their bodies as well as by the beating of their comb-rows .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
seeking to reduce the alarming number of deaths and serious injuries in the sport , walter camp ( former captain of the yale football team ) , suggested widening the field to open up the game .
the engulfed alga was broken down , leaving only its chloroplast , and sometimes its cell membrane and nucleus , forming a chloroplast with three or four membranes—the two cyanobacterial membranes , sometimes the eaten alga 's cell membrane , and the phagosomal vacuole from the host 's cell membrane .
there are direct contractual links between the architect 's client and the main contractor .
the waxy cuticle of many leaves , the exoskeleton of insects , the shells and membranes of externally deposited eggs , and skin are examples of mechanical barriers that are the first line of defense against infection .
a " general question time " takes place on a thursday between 11:40 a.m. and 12 p.m. where members can direct questions to any member of the scottish government .
luther responded to these theses with six series of theses against agricola and the antinomians , four of which became the basis for disputations between 1538 and 1540. he also responded to these assertions in other writings , such as his 1539 open letter to c. güttel against the antinomians , and his book on the councils and the church from the same year .
among them , the original fresno county courthouse ( demolished ) , the fresno carnegie public library ( demolished ) , the fresno water tower , the bank of italy building , the pacific southwest building , the san joaquin light & power building ( currently known as the grand 1401 ) , and the hughes hotel ( burned down ) , to name a few .
the phrase " hiding behind ( or 'watching from behind ' ) the sofa " entered british pop culture , signifying in humour the stereotypical early-series behaviour of children who wanted to avoid seeing frightening parts of a television programme while remaining in the room to watch the remainder of it .
the fresno chandler executive airport is also on the west side .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays .
the confederation of the rhine was established by napoleon , as a french client state , in 1806 and lasted until 1814 , during which time it served as a significant source of resources and military manpower for the first french empire .
like other national british museums , entrance to the museum has been free since 2001 .
the second and third stages burned liquid hydrogen , and the third stage was a modified version of the s-ivb , with thrust increased to 230,000 lbf ( 1,020 kn ) and capability to restart the engine for translunar injection after reaching a parking orbit .
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir .
[ citation needed ] it may be possible that another kuznets ' cycle is occurring , specifically the move from the manufacturing sector to the service sector .
luther 's hymn , adapted and expanded from an earlier german creedal hymn , gained widespread use in vernacular lutheran liturgies as early as 1525. sixteenth-century lutheran hymnals also included " wir glauben all " among the catechetical hymns , although 18th-century hymnals tended to label the hymn as trinitarian rather than catechetical , and 20th-century lutherans rarely use the hymn because of the perceived difficulty of its tune .
the way a teacher promotes the course they are teaching , the more the student will get out of the subject matter .
liquid oxygen is attracted to a magnet to a sufficient extent that , in laboratory demonstrations , a bridge of liquid oxygen may be supported against its own weight between the poles of a powerful magnet .
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " .
usually , the alphabet is taken to be the binary alphabet ( i.e. , the set { 0,1 } ) , and thus the strings are bitstrings .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
his body was later found by maid alice monaghan after she had entered tesla 's room , ignoring the " do not disturb " sign that tesla had placed on his door two days earlier .
leonard goldenson , the president of upt ( which sought to diversify itself at the time ) , approached noble in 1951 on a proposal for upt to purchase abc .
in the mid-18th century christian goldbach listed 1 as the first prime in his famous correspondence with leonhard euler -- who did not agree .
in 1225 both divisions returned to mongolia .
three of his best-known works were published in 1520 : to the christian nobility of the german nation , on the babylonian captivity of the church , and on the freedom of a christian .
such cities , which have over 100,000 people or these , where already was president before 1990. the first warsaw president was jan andrzej menich ( 1695–1696 ) .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
over 61 per cent of private students attend catholic schools .
the various parts were built up using musique concrète techniques , by creating tape loops of an individually struck piano string and individual test oscillators and filters .
currently detention is one of the most common punishments in schools in the united states , the uk , ireland , singapore and other countries .
an important factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals ' access to education .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
tesla described the weapon as capable of being used against ground-based infantry or for anti-aircraft purposes .
in china , the polymath shen kuo ( 1031–1095 ) formulated a hypothesis for the process of land formation : based on his observation of fossil animal shells in a geological stratum in a mountain hundreds of miles from the ocean , he inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by deposition of silt .
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports .
these are the greater los angeles area at 17,786,419 , and san diego–tijuana at 5,105,768. of these metropolitan areas , the los angeles-long beach-santa ana metropolitan area , riverside-san bernardino-ontario metropolitan area , and oxnard-thousand oaks-ventura metropolitan area form greater los angeles ; while the el centro metropolitan area and san diego-carlsbad-san marcos metropolitan area form the southern border region .
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance .
chloroplasts are a special type of a plant cell organelle called a plastid , though the two terms are sometimes used interchangeably .
in confirmation and membership preparation classes , students learn about church and the methodist-christian theological tradition in order to profess their ultimate faith in christ .
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network .
rugby is also a growing sport in southern california , particularly at the high school level , with increasing numbers of schools adding rugby as an official school sport .
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei .
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across .
a small fraction of the flow is diverted off the island of mainau into lake überlingen .
an important unsolved problem in complexity theory is whether the graph isomorphism problem is in p , np-complete , or np-intermediate .
abc maintains several video on demand services for delayed viewing of the network 's programming , including a traditional vod service called abc on demand , which is carried on most traditional cable and iptv providers .
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
in modern times , some activists who commit civil disobedience as a group collectively refuse to sign bail until certain demands are met , such as favorable bail conditions , or the release of all the activists .
for certain physical scenarios , it is impossible to model forces as being due to gradient of potentials .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
a consistent electroweak theory has also been developed , which shows that electromagnetic forces and the weak force are indistinguishable at a temperatures in excess of approximately 1015 kelvins .
maududi also believed that muslim society could not be islamic without sharia , and islam required the establishment of an islamic state .
following the conservative victory in the 2015 uk election , standing orders of the house of commons were changed to give mps representing english constituencies a new " veto " over laws only affecting england .
the soviet union had sent animals around the moon on september 15 , 1968 , aboard zond 5 , and it was believed they might soon repeat the feat with human cosmonauts .
cbc began airing series two on 9 october 2006 at 20:00 e/p ( 20:30 in newfoundland and labrador ) , shortly after that day 's cfl double header on thanksgiving in most of the country .
that is , they impart magnetic character to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field , because of the spin magnetic moments of the unpaired electrons in the molecule , and the negative exchange energy between neighboring o 2 molecules .
many engineers feared that a rendezvous —let alone a docking— neither of which had been attempted even in earth orbit , would be extremely difficult in lunar orbit .
colonialism 's core meaning is the exploitation of the valuable assets and supplies of the nation that was conquered and the conquering nation then gaining the benefits from the spoils of the war .
the organisation is required to comply with the financial regulations and rules of the wmo .
based on his industry experience on air force missile projects , mueller realized some skilled managers could be found among high-ranking officers in the united states air force , so he got webb 's permission to recruit general samuel c. phillips , who gained a reputation for his effective management of the minuteman program , as omsf program controller .
there have been numerous attempts to revitalize the neighborhood , including the construction of a modern shopping center on the corner of fresno and b streets , an aborted attempt to build luxury homes and a golf course on the western edge of the neighborhood , and some new section 8 apartments have been built along church ave west of elm st. cargill meat solutions and foster farms both have large processing facilities in the neighborhood , and the stench from these ( and other small industrial facilities ) has long plagued area residents .
in august 1917 , tesla explained what had happened in the electrical experimenter : " as an example of what has been done with several hundred kilowatts of high frequency energy liberated , it was found that the dynamos in a power house six miles away were repeatedly burned out , due to the powerful high frequency currents set up in them , and which caused heavy sparks to jump through the windings and destroy the insulation ! "
there are 13 natural reserves in warsaw – among others , bielany forest , kabaty woods , czerniaków lake .
in particular , newton determined that the acceleration of the moon around the earth could be ascribed to the same force of gravity if the acceleration due to gravity decreased as an inverse square law .
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications .
in one of the richest agricultural regions in the u.s. , cattle and citrus were major industries until farmlands were turned into suburbs .
gatherings of thousands of people on the banks of the vistula on midsummer ’ s night for a festival called wianki ( polish for wreaths ) have become a tradition and a yearly event in the programme of cultural events in warsaw .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
the most impressive examples of rococo architecture are czapski palace ( 1712–1721 ) , palace of the four winds ( 1730s ) and visitationist church ( façade 1728–1761 ) .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
completely cut off from germany , von lettow conducted an effective guerrilla warfare campaign , living off the land , capturing british supplies , and remaining undefeated .
the objective is typically a course of study , lesson plan , or a practical skill .
chloroplasts have their own ribosomes , which they use to synthesize a small fraction of their proteins .
[ citation needed ] in the united states , in order for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid , it must be issued for a legitimate medical purpose by a licensed practitioner acting in the course of legitimate doctor-patient relationship .
his poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments .
for antiparallel spins the position variables must be symmetric ( i.e .
in world war ii , it was recognised that the rhine would present a formidable natural obstacle to the invasion of germany , by the western allies .
it is the third most populated megalopolis in the united states , after the great lakes megalopolis and the northeastern megalopolis .
some european nations and japan sought to disassociate themselves from united states foreign policy in the middle east to avoid being targeted by the boycott .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
with the 2011 cancellation of supernanny , extreme makeover : home edition became the only remaining program on the network 's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition .
nfl and atlanta braves field director ed mangan stated that the field was in " great shape " for gameday .
abc has also aired the miss america pageant from 1954 to 1956 , 1997 to 2005 ( with the television rights being assumed by cable channel tlc in 2006 , when the pageant moved from its longtime homebase in atlantic city to las vegas , before returning to atlantic city in 2013 ) and since 2011. under its current contract with the miss america organization , abc will continue to broadcast the pageant through 2016 .
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific .
during 1910–1911 at the waterside power station in new york , several of his bladeless turbine engines were tested at 100–5,000 hp .
the island archipelagos of orkney , shetland and the western isles comprise a much smaller number of electors , due to their dispersed population and distance from the scottish parliament in edinburgh .
light has been shown to be a requirement for chloroplast division .
while many homes in the neighborhood date back to the 1930s or before , the neighborhood is also home to several public housing developments built between the 1960s and 1990s by the fresno housing authority .
in 1872 , the central pacific railroad established a station near easterby's—by now a hugely productive wheat farm—for its new southern pacific line .
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia .
immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections .
the party argued that the revenues from the oil were not benefitting scotland as much as they should .
legally , only non-profit trusts and societies can run schools in india .
death wish coffee beat out nine other contenders from across the united states for the free advertisement .
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney .
in many cases , geologists also study modern soils , rivers , landscapes , and glaciers ; investigate past and current life and biogeochemical pathways , and use geophysical methods to investigate the subsurface .
newton 's second law asserts the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and the inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass .
for this purpose genghis khan invited a khitan prince , chu'tsai , who worked for the jin and had been captured by the mongol army after the jin dynasty was defeated .
this was the beginning of years of patent battles over radio with tesla 's patents being upheld in 1903 , followed by a reverse decision in favor of marconi in 1904. in 1943 , a supreme court of the united states decision restored the prior patents of tesla , oliver lodge , and john stone .
ba'athism , arab socialism , and arab nationalism suffered , and different democratic and anti-democratic islamist movements inspired by maududi and sayyid qutb gained ground .
the group has been designated a terrorist organisation by the united nations , the european union and member states , the united states , india , indonesia , turkey , saudi arabia , syria and other countries .
the islamist groups like hezbollah in lebanon and hamas in palestine participate in democratic and political process as well as armed attacks , seeking to abolish the state of israel .
in afghanistan , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviet union in the 1980s did not lead to justice and prosperity , due to a vicious and destructive civil war between political and tribal warlords , making afghanistan one of the poorest countries on earth .
through stream capture , the rhine extended its watershed southward .
chloroplasts alone make almost all of a plant cell 's amino acids in their stroma except the sulfur-containing ones like cysteine and methionine .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
the essence is there are three readings , starting with a commission proposal , where the parliament must vote by a majority of all meps ( not just those present ) to block or suggest changes , and the council must vote by qualified majority to approve changes , but by unanimity to block commission amendment .
there are a variety of bodies designed to instill , preserve and update the knowledge and professional standing of teachers .
cbs analyst and retired referee mike carey stated he disagreed with the call and felt the review clearly showed the pass was complete .
the fort was destroyed in 1560 by the portuguese , who captured part of the huguenots .
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959. the series went on to quickly become " immensely popular " .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack .
it has offered a doctorate in music composition since 1933 and in cinema & media studies since 2000 , a master of fine arts in visual arts ( early 1970s ) , and a master of arts in the humanities with a creative writing track ( 2000 ) .
he read many books while in tomingaj , and later said that mark twain 's works had helped him to miraculously recover from his earlier illness .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm .
they store co2 in a four-carbon compound , which is why the process is called c4 photosynthesis .
. a diversion . "
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
galileo was instrumental in describing the characteristics of falling objects by determining that the acceleration of every object in free-fall was constant and independent of the mass of the object .
this means that it takes energy to pack them together .
in this arrangement , the architect or engineer acts as the project coordinator .
close to newcastle , the largest indoor shopping centre in europe , the metrocentre , is located in gateshead .
by working alongside the authorities to restore public order , he signalled his reinvention as a conservative force within the reformation .
according to daniel goldhagen , bishop martin sasse , a leading protestant churchman , published a compendium of luther 's writings shortly after kristallnacht , for which diarmaid macculloch , professor of the history of the church in the university of oxford argued that luther 's writing was a " blueprint . "
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
the importance of soft power is not lost on authoritarian regimes , fighting such influence with bans on foreign popular culture , control of the internet and unauthorised satellite dishes etc .
there were tax exemptions for religious figures and , to some extent , teachers and doctors .
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine .
he said that there was no danger that his invention could be stolen , for he had at no time committed any part of it to paper ; the blueprint for the teleforce weapon was all in his mind .
high-purity liquid o 2 is usually obtained by the fractional distillation of liquefied air .
in 1965 , the corporate entity , american broadcasting-paramount theatres , was renamed as the american broadcasting companies , while its cinema division became abc theatres ; [ citation needed ] its recording division was renamed abc records in 1966. in december of that year , the abc television network premiered the dating game , a pioneer series in its genre , which was a reworking of the blind date concept in which a suitor selected one of three contestants sight unseen based on the answers to selected questions .
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration .
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections .
the party , or parties , that hold the majority of seats in the parliament forms the scottish government .
as a result , tibetan buddhism was established as the de facto state religion .
the official record high temperature for fresno is 115 °f ( 46.1 °c ) , set on july 8 , 1905 , while the official record low is 17 °f ( −8 °c ) , set on january 6 , 1913. the average windows for 100 °f ( 37.8 °c ) + , 90 °f ( 32.2 °c ) + , and freezing temperatures are june 1 thru september 13 , april 26 thru october 9 , and december 10 thru january 28 , respectively , and no freeze occurred between in the 1983/1984 season .
since ozone absorbs strongly in the uv region of the spectrum , the ozone layer of the upper atmosphere functions as a protective radiation shield for the planet .
islamist movements such as the muslim brotherhood , " are well known for providing shelters , educational assistance , free or low cost medical clinics , housing assistance to students from out of town , student advisory groups , facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands , legal assistance , sports facilities , and women 's groups . "
although grumman wanted a second unmanned test , george low decided the next lm flight would be manned .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
the festival traces its roots to a peaceful pagan ritual where maidens would float their wreaths of herbs on the water to predict when they would be married , and to whom .
none succeeded and the main effort by braddock was a disaster ; he was defeated in the battle of the monongahela on july 9 , 1755 and died a few days later .
since the 1970s , numerous geoglyphs have been discovered on deforested land dating between ad 0–1250 , furthering claims about pre-columbian civilizations .
at the same time , the available evidence provides little support for the view that u.s.-style labor-market flexibility dramatically improves labor-market outcomes .
formed in 1946 , sierra sky park airport is a residential airport community born of a unique agreement in transportation law to allow personal aircraft and automobiles to share certain roads .
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism .
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney .
consultant pharmacists most typically work in nursing homes , but are increasingly branching into other institutions and non-institutional settings .
in 1973 , nixon named william e. simon as the first administrator of the federal energy office , a short-term organization created to coordinate the response to the embargo .
unlike sponges , both ctenophores and cnidarians have : cells bound by inter-cell connections and carpet-like basement membranes ; muscles ; nervous systems ; and some have sensory organs .
this " decision time " is heralded by the sounding of the division bell , which is heard throughout the parliamentary campus and alerts msps who are not in the chamber to return and vote .
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 142 pounds ( 64 kg ) , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926.:292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities .
in 1937 , at a luncheon in his honor concerning the death ray , tesla stated , " but it is not an experiment ... i have built , demonstrated and used it .
the city 's residents fled to the north , most of them dying during the journey , but the infection had been spread to the people of asia minor .
british prime minister edward heath was so worried by this prospect that he ordered a british intelligence estimate of u.s. intentions , which concluded america " might consider it could not tolerate a situation in which the u.s. and its allies were at the mercy of a small group of unreasonable countries , " and that they would prefer a rapid operation to seize oilfields in saudi arabia and kuwait , and possibly abu dhabi in military action was decided upon .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
the situation was aggravated by other factors , such as over-fishing and long-term environmental changes that promoted the growth of the mnemiopsis population .
many samples appear to be pitted with micrometeoroid impact craters , which is never seen on earth rocks , due to the thick atmosphere .
their most famous song , " fog on the tyne " ( 1971 ) , was covered by geordie ex-footballer paul gascoigne in 1990. venom , reckoned by many to be the originators of black metal and extremely influential to the extreme metal scene as a whole , formed in newcastle in 1979. folk metal band skyclad , often regarded as the first folk metal band , also formed in newcastle after the break-up of martin walkyier thrash metal band , sabbat .
in february 2010 , in response to controversies regarding claims in the fourth assessment report , five climate scientists – all contributing or lead ipcc report authors – wrote in the journal nature calling for changes to the ipcc .
over the past 6000 years , approximately 80 avulsions have occurred .
in most jurisdictions ( such as the united states ) , pharmacists are regulated separately from physicians .
conversely if they move from brackish to full-strength seawater , the rosettes may pump water out of the mesoglea to reduce its volume and increase its density .
his military strategies showed a deep interest in gathering good intelligence and understanding the motivations of his rivals , exemplified by his extensive spy network and yam route systems .
in august 1227 , during the fall of yinchuan , the capital of western xia , genghis khan died .
the coordinating lead authors are responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors , ensuring that they meet stylistic and formatting requirements , and reporting to the working group chairs .
in the march battle of fort bull , french forces destroyed the fort and large quantities of supplies , including 45,000 pounds of gunpowder .
of course , some complexity classes have complicated definitions that do not fit into this framework .
the apollo program , also known as project apollo , was the third united states human spaceflight program carried out by the national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , which accomplished landing the first humans on the moon from 1969 to 1972. first conceived during dwight d. eisenhower 's administration as a three-man spacecraft to follow the one-man project mercury which put the first americans in space , apollo was later dedicated to president john f. kennedy 's national goal of " landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth " by the end of the 1960s , which he proposed in a may 25 , 1961 , address to congress .
with such a small force , the invading mongols were forced to change strategies and resort to inciting internal revolt among kuchlug 's supporters , leaving the qara khitai more vulnerable to mongol conquest .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
the commission 's president ( currently an ex-luxembourg prime minister , jean-claude juncker ) sets the agenda for the eu 's work .
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003. other lesser known groups include the islamic liberation party , salvation from hell and takfir wal-hijra , and these groups have variously been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures , arson of video shops and attempted takeovers of government buildings .
the two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in english-speaking countries are the mortar and pestle and the ℞ ( recipere ) character , which is often written as " rx " in typed text .
luther spoke out against the jews in saxony , brandenburg , and silesia .
with the opening of the new gallery , the riba drawings and archives collection has been transferred to the museum , joining the already extensive collection held by the v & a .
despite the high position given to muslims , some policies of the yuan emperors severely discriminated against them , restricting halal slaughter and other islamic practices like circumcision , as well as kosher butchering for jews , forcing them to eat food the mongol way .
a two-volume illustrated folio paraphrase version based on his manuscript , by jean de rély , was printed in paris in 1487 .
the interpretation of islam promoted by this funding was the strict , conservative saudi-based wahhabism or salafism .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
christopher j. probst in his book demonizing the jews : luther and the protestant church in nazi germany ( 2012 ) , shows that a large number of german lutheran clergy and theologians during the nazi third reich used luther 's hostile publications towards the jews and their jewish religion to justify at least in part the anti-semitic policies of the national socialists .
the original logo used for the first doctor ( and briefly for the second doctor ) was reused in a slightly modified format for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " during the eleventh doctor 's run .
the crowd that witnessed the demonstration made outrageous claims about the workings of the boat , such as magic , telepathy , and being piloted by a trained monkey hidden inside .
the saxon garden , covering the area of 15.5 ha , was formally a royal garden .
the only full-size models that did not recover were lower price models such as the chevrolet bel air , and ford galaxie 500. slightly smaller , mid-size models such as the oldsmobile cutlass , chevrolet monte carlo , ford thunderbird and various other models sold well .
even though some proofs of complexity-theoretic theorems regularly assume some concrete choice of input encoding , one tries to keep the discussion abstract enough to be independent of the choice of encoding .
in september 1991 , the network premiered home improvement , a sitcom starring stand-up comic tim allen centering on the family and work life of an accident-prone host of a cable-access home improvement show .
these studies were widely presented as demonstrating that the current warming period is exceptional in comparison to temperatures between 1000 and 1900 , and the mbh99 based graph featured in publicity .
teachers are expected to respect their students ; sarcasm and attempts to humiliate pupils are seen as falling outside of what constitutes reasonable discipline .
the university library garden , designed by irena bajerska , was opened on 12 june 2002. it is one of the largest and most beautiful roof gardens in europe with an area of more than 10,000 m2 ( 107,639.10 sq ft ) , and plants covering 5,111 m2 ( 55,014.35 sq ft ) .
in 1529 , he wrote the large catechism , a manual for pastors and teachers , as well as a synopsis , the small catechism , to be memorised by the people themselves .
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church .
kenya is active in several sports , among them cricket , rallying , football , rugby union and boxing .
tamara de lempicka was a famous artist born in warsaw .
it has been hypothesized that he may have intercepted marconi 's european experiments in july 1899—marconi may have transmitted the letter s ( dot/dot/dot ) in a naval demonstration , the same three impulses that tesla hinted at hearing in colorado—or signals from another experimenter in wireless transmission .
begter , temujin 's older half-brother , began to exercise the power of the eldest male in the family and eventually temujin 's mother hoelun ( not begter 's mother ) would have to accept him as her husband if and when he became an adult .
pro bowl defensive tackle kawann short led the team in sacks with 11 , while also forcing three fumbles and recovering two .
the mongol empire did not emphasize the importance of ethnicity and race in the administrative realm , instead adopting an approach grounded in meritocracy .
the history of the steam engine stretches back as far as the first century ad ; the first recorded rudimentary steam engine being the aeolipile described by greek mathematician hero of alexandria .
however , already in quantum mechanics there is one " caveat " , namely the particles acting onto each other do not only possess the spatial variable , but also a discrete intrinsic angular momentum-like variable called the " spin " , and there is the pauli principle relating the space and the spin variables .
an attorney may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built , either by arguing that a rule is inapplicable ( the bridge design will not cause a collapse ) , or that the custom is no longer needed ( acceptance of live-work spaces has grown in the community ) .
some words used in the geordie dialect are used elsewhere in the northern united kingdom .
near sargans a natural dam , only a few metres high , prevents it from flowing into the open seeztal valley and then through lake walen and lake zurich into the river aare .
the principle of inclusions and components states that , with sedimentary rocks , if inclusions ( or clasts ) are found in a formation , then the inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them .
without luther 's backing for the uprising , many rebels laid down their weapons ; others felt betrayed .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
" markets , by themselves , even when they are stable , often lead to high levels of inequality , outcomes that are widely viewed as unfair . "
he was shown to be physically imposing , an equal in stature to the secular german princes with whom he would join forces to spread lutheranism .
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population .
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half .
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen .
since its foundation , the treaties sought to enable people to pursue their life goals in any country through free movement .
three additional putative species were then found in the burgess shale and other canadian rocks of similar age , about 505 million years ago in the mid-cambrian period .
on 15 june 1520 , the pope warned luther with the papal bull ( edict ) exsurge domine that he risked excommunication unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings , including the 95 theses , within 60 days .
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
disorders of the immune system can result in autoimmune diseases , inflammatory diseases and cancer .
for example , the working time directive requires that every worker has at least 4 weeks paid holidays each year , but most member states require more than 28 days in national law .
in actuality , warsz was a 12th/13th-century nobleman who owned a village located at the modern-day site of mariensztat neighbourhood .
marshall cohen notes , " it has been used to describe everything from bringing a test-case in the federal courts to taking aim at a federal official .
teu articles 4 and 5 state that powers remain with the member states unless they have been conferred , although there is a debate about the kompetenz-kompetenz question : who ultimately has the " competence " to define the eu 's " competence " .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
apollo ran from 1961 to 1972 , and was supported by the two-man gemini program which ran concurrently with it from 1962 to 1966. gemini missions developed some of the space travel techniques that were necessary for the success of the apollo missions .
of the organic compounds with biological relevance , carbohydrates contain the largest proportion by mass of oxygen .
temperature ) , the intuitive understanding of forces is quantified using precise operational definitions that are consistent with direct observations and compared to a standard measurement scale .
however , kublai rejected plans to revive the confucian imperial examinations and divided yuan society into three , later four , classes with the han chinese occupying the lowest rank .
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists .
tesla was the fourth of five children .
the medals were awarded posthumously to grissom , white , and chaffee in 1969 , then to the crews of all missions from apollo 8 onward .
the sarah jane adventures , starring elisabeth sladen who reprised her role as investigative journalist sarah jane smith , was developed by cbbc ; a special aired on new year 's day 2007 and a full series began on 24 september 2007. a second series followed in 2008 , notable for ( as noted above ) featuring the return of brigadier lethbridge-stewart .
begter , temujin 's older half-brother , began to exercise the power of the eldest male in the family and eventually temujin 's mother hoelun ( not begter 's mother ) would have to accept him as her husband if and when he became an adult .
there were 158,349 households , of which 68,511 ( 43.3 % ) had children under the age of 18 living in them , 69,284 ( 43.8 % ) were opposite-sex married couples living together , 30,547 ( 19.3 % ) had a female householder with no husband present , 11,698 ( 7.4 % ) had a male householder with no wife present .
it has bachelor 's degree programs in visual arts , music , and art history , and , more recently , cinema & media studies ( 1996 ) and theater & performance studies ( 2002 ) .
a method to lessen the magnitude of this heating and cooling was invented in 1804 by british engineer arthur woolf , who patented his woolf high-pressure compound engine in 1805. in the compound engine , high-pressure steam from the boiler expands in a high-pressure ( hp ) cylinder and then enters one or more subsequent lower-pressure ( lp ) cylinders .
in december 1901 , marconi successfully transmitted the letter s from england to newfoundland , terminating tesla 's relationship with morgan .
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg .
however , when kinetic friction is taken into consideration it is clear that there is no net force causing constant velocity motion .
the tallest building in downtown jacksonville 's skyline is the bank of america tower , constructed in 1990 as the barnett center .
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes .
the computer science network ( csnet ) was a computer network funded by the u.s. national science foundation ( nsf ) that began operation in 1981. its purpose was to extend networking benefits , for computer science departments at academic and research institutions that could not be directly connected to arpanet , due to funding or authorization limitations .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
the implication that the style of lace known as 'bucks point ' demonstrates a huguenot influence , being a " combination of mechlin patterns on lille ground " , is fallacious : what is now known as mechlin lace did not develop until first half of the eighteenth century and lace with mechlin patterns and lille ground did not appear until the end of the 18th century , when it was widely copied throughout europe .
within 30 days , over 100,000 digiboxes had been sold , which help bolstered bskyb 's decision to give away free digiboxes and minidishes from may 1999 .
the " european council " ( rather than the council , made up of different government ministers ) is composed of the prime ministers or executive presidents of the member states .
he considered the jews blasphemers and liars because they rejected the divinity of jesus , whereas christians believed jesus was the messiah .
left untreated , of those that contract the bubonic plague , 80 percent die within eight days .
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started .
in july 1960 , nasa deputy administrator hugh l. dryden announced the apollo program to industry representatives at a series of space task group conferences .
a second series of torchwood aired in 2008 ; for three episodes , the cast was joined by freema agyeman reprising her doctor who role of martha jones .
the further decline of byzantine state-of-affairs paved the road to a third attack in 1185 , when a large norman army invaded dyrrachium , owing to the betrayal of high byzantine officials .
the contemporary flooded terrace still has visible valleys and ground depressions with water systems coming from the vistula old – riverbed .
the principle of inclusions and components states that , with sedimentary rocks , if inclusions ( or clasts ) are found in a formation , then the inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them .
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions .
reasons for extra-legal ownership include excessive bureaucratic red tape in buying property and building , in some countries it can take over 200 steps and up to 14 years to build on government land .
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced .
this rock can be weathered and eroded , and then redeposited and lithified into a sedimentary rock , or be turned into a metamorphic rock due to heat and pressure that change the mineral content of the rock which gives it a characteristic fabric .
the normans were famed for their martial spirit and eventually for their christian piety , becoming exponents of the catholic orthodoxy into which they assimilated .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
at a khuruldai , a council of mongol chiefs , temüjin was acknowledged as " khan " of the consolidated tribes and took the new title " genghis khan " .
the san bernardino-riverside area maintains the business districts of downtown san bernardino , hospitality business/financial centre , university town which are in san bernardino and downtown riverside .
instead , kublai khan , the founder of the yuan dynasty , favored buddhism , especially the tibetan variants .
royal assent : after the bill has been passed , the presiding officer submits it to the monarch for royal assent and it becomes an act of the scottish parliament .
articles 106 and 107 provide that member state 's right to deliver public services may not be obstructed , but that otherwise public enterprises must adhere to the same competition principles as companies .
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " .
lenin wrote extensively on the matter and famously declared that imperialism was the highest stage of capitalism .
a small , two-lane rural road for most of its length , kearney boulevard is lined with tall palm trees .
bento de moura portugal introduced an ingenious improvement of savery 's construction " to render it capable of working itself " , as described by john smeaton in the philosophical transactions published in 1751. it continued to be manufactured until the late 18th century .
at the 1996 general conference the ordination order of transitional deacon was abolished .
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch .
doctor who has been nominated for over 200 awards and has won over a hundred of them .
one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection is the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet dated c1750 from germany , with especially fine marquetry and ormolu mounts .
writers whose papers are in the library are as diverse as charles dickens and beatrix potter .
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates .
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " .
chloroplasts can grow and progress through some of the constriction stages under poor quality green light , but are slow to complete division—they require exposure to bright white light to complete division .
today the court of justice of the european union ( cjeu ) is the main judicial body , within which there is a higher european court of justice ( commonly abbreviated as ecj ) that deals with cases that contain more public importance , and a general court that deals with issues of detail but without general importance .
two han chinese leaders , shi tianze , liu heima ( 劉黑馬 , liu ni ) , and the khitan xiao zhala ( 蕭札剌 ) defected and commanded the 3 tumens in the mongol army .
in 1700 several hundred french huguenots migrated from england to the colony of virginia , where the english crown had promised them land grants in lower norfolk county .
gandhi 's acts have been described as revolutionary civil disobedience .
after the successful siege of antioch in 1097 , bohemond began carving out an independent principality around that city .
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain .
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular .
annual tuition fees at k-12 schools range from nothing at so called 'tuition-free ' schools to more than $ 45,000 at several new england preparatory schools .
a computational problem can be viewed as an infinite collection of instances together with a solution for every instance .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
there have also been many references to doctor who in popular culture and other science fiction , including star trek : the next generation ( " the neutral zone " ) and leverage .
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest .
the lunar module ( lm ) was designed to descend from lunar orbit to land two astronauts on the moon and take them back to orbit to rendezvous with the command module .
the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences is to elect and appoint bishops , the chief administrators of the church .
on the french side , the grand canal d'alsace was dug , which carries a significant part of the river water , and all of the traffic .
in 1926 , tesla commented on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality , and indicated that humanity 's future would be run by " queen bees . "
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards .
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " .
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary .
two han chinese leaders , shi tianze , liu heima ( 劉黑馬 , liu ni ) , and the khitan xiao zhala ( 蕭札剌 ) defected and commanded the 3 tumens in the mongol army .
the combined wealth of the " 10 million dollar millionaires " grew to nearly $ 41 trillion in 2008. a january 2014 report by oxfam claims that the 85 wealthiest individuals in the world have a combined wealth equal to that of the bottom 50 % of the world 's population , or about 3.5 billion people .
[ citation needed ] the women 's team has competed at the olympics and world championships but without any notable success . cricket is another popular and the most successful team sport .
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china .
let 's say ten times more . "
the malkin athletic center , known as the " mac " , serves both as the university 's primary recreation facility and as a satellite location for several varsity sports .
his patented ac induction motor and transformer were licensed by george westinghouse , who also hired tesla for a short time as a consultant .
in 1977 , roone arledge was named president of the new abc news in addition to being president of abc sports .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
tesla investigated atmospheric electricity , observing lightning signals via his receivers .
abc 's other owned-and-operated stations launched over the course of the next 13 months : wenr-tv in chicago signed on the air on september 17 , while wxyz-tv in detroit went on the air on october 9 , 1948. in october 1948 , as a result of an influx of television station license applications that it had issued as well as a study it undertook on the use of the vhf spectrum for broadcasting purposes , the fcc implemented a freeze on new station applications .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff .
the sieve of eratosthenes , attributed to eratosthenes , is a simple method to compute primes , although the large primes found today with computers are not generated this way .
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac .
he said , " i lost touch with christ the savior and comforter , and made of him the jailer and hangman of my poor soul . "
the english channel , the irish channel and most of the north sea were dry land , mainly because sea level was approximately 120 m ( 390 ft ) lower than today .
the lake is situated in germany , switzerland and austria near the alps .
the decision was not announced publicly until successful completion of apollo 7. gemini veterans frank borman and james lovell , and rookie william anders captured the world 's attention by making 10 lunar orbits in 20 hours , transmitting television pictures of the lunar surface on christmas eve , and returning safely to earth .
enzymes such as lysozyme and phospholipase a2 in saliva , tears , and breast milk are also antibacterials .
the television network has eight owned-and-operated and over 232 affiliated television stations throughout the united states and its territories .
in response to american aid to israel , on october 16 , 1973 , opec raised the posted price of oil by 70 % , to $ 5.11 a barrel .
for some decades prior to the first palestine intifada in 1987 , the muslim brotherhood in palestine took a " quiescent " stance towards israel , focusing on preaching , education and social services , and benefiting from israel 's " indulgence " to build up a network of mosques and charitable organizations .
there have been debates as to whether civil disobedience must necessarily be non-violent .
the first two highways successfully opened up the rainforest and led to increased settlement and deforestation .
it is also produced in the troposphere by the photolysis of ozone by light of short wavelength , and by the immune system as a source of active oxygen .
the v & a is located in the brompton district of the royal borough of kensington and chelsea , in an area that has become known as " albertopolis " because of its association with prince albert , the albert memorial and the major cultural institutions with which he was associated .
however its role participation in the legislative process still remains limited because no member can actually or pass legislation without the commission and council , meaning power ( " kratia " ) is not in the hands of directly elected representatives of the people ( " demos " ) : in the eu it is not yet true that " the administration is in the hands of the many and not of the few . "
in the philippines , the private sector has been a major provider of educational services , accounting for about 7.5 % of primary enrollment , 32 % of secondary enrollment and about 80 % of tertiary enrollment .
however , this oft-quoted saying of tetzel was by no means representative of contemporary catholic teaching on indulgences , but rather a reflection of his capacity to exaggerate .
the northern rock cyclone , a cycling festival , takes place within , or starting from , newcastle in june .
when complete , the lewis s. eaton trail system will cover 22 miles ( 35 km ) between highway 99 and friant dam .
while nearly three-quarters eventually were killed or submitted , roughly 500,000 huguenots had fled france by the early 18th century [ citation needed ] .
the u.s. government has engaged in efforts to counter islamism , or violent islamism , since 2001. these efforts were centred in the u.s. around public diplomacy programmes conducted by the state department .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
competition amongst employers tends to drive up wages due to the nature of the job , since there is a relative shortage of workers for the particular position .
their most famous song , " fog on the tyne " ( 1971 ) , was covered by geordie ex-footballer paul gascoigne in 1990. venom , reckoned by many to be the originators of black metal and extremely influential to the extreme metal scene as a whole , formed in newcastle in 1979. folk metal band skyclad , often regarded as the first folk metal band , also formed in newcastle after the break-up of martin walkyier thrash metal band , sabbat .
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig .
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
in the secret history of the mongols , just before the invasion of the khwarezmid empire by genghis khan , chagatai declared before his father and brothers that he would never accept jochi as genghis khan 's successor .
a few years after the first crusade , in 1107 , the normans under the command of bohemond , robert 's son , landed in valona and besieged dyrrachium using the most sophisticated military equipment of the time , but to no avail .
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape .
the road crossed the st. johns river at a narrow point , which the seminole called wacca pilatka and the british called the cow ford or cowford ; these names ostensibly reflect the fact that cattle were brought across the river there .
in this arrangement , the architect or engineer acts as the project coordinator .
the surface of most metals , such as aluminium and titanium , are oxidized in the presence of air and become coated with a thin film of oxide that passivates the metal and slows further corrosion .
in afghanistan , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviet union in the 1980s did not lead to justice and prosperity , due to a vicious and destructive civil war between political and tribal warlords , making afghanistan one of the poorest countries on earth .
to the east , the united states census bureau considers the san bernardino and riverside county areas , riverside-san bernardino area as a separate metropolitan area from los angeles county .
the electromagnetic force acts between electric charges , and the gravitational force acts between masses .
project mercury was followed by the two-man project gemini ( 1962–66 ) .
innate immune defenses are non-specific , meaning these systems respond to pathogens in a generic way .
luther states that everything that is used to work sorrow over sin is called the law , even if it is christ 's life , christ 's death for sin , or god 's goodness experienced in creation .
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega .
this is because , with informal rule , the control is spread more subtly through technological superiority , enforcing land officials into large debts that can not be repaid , ownership of private industries thus expanding the controlled area , or having countries agree to uneven trade agreements forcefully .
the very first fresno television station to begin broadcasting was kmj-tv , which debuted on june 1 , 1953. kmj is now known as nbc affiliate ksee .
pro bowl linebacker von miller led the team with 11 sacks , forced four fumbles , and recovered three .
following the nice treaty , there was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the european union and make it more transparent ; this would have also produced a single constitutional document .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
historically , forces were first quantitatively investigated in conditions of static equilibrium where several forces canceled each other out .
such professionals enjoy a status in some societies on a par with physicians , lawyers , engineers , and accountants ( chartered or cpa ) .
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped .
under defensive coordinator wade phillips , the broncos ' defense ranked number one in total yards allowed , passing yards allowed and sacks , and like the previous three seasons , the team has continued to set numerous individual , league and franchise records .
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " .
while studying law and philosophy in england and germany , iqbal became a member of the london branch of the all india muslim league .
in contract with ) the property owner .
the university now owns approximately fifty percent more land in allston than in cambridge .
at the end of primary education , pupils sit the kenya certificate of primary education ( kcpe ) , which determines those who proceed to secondary school or vocational training .
there is a feature on the victoria and albert museum web-site called " search the collections , " but not everything is listed there .
pawiak , an infamous german gestapo prison now occupied by a mausoleum of memory of martyrdom and the museum , is only the beginning of a walk in the traces of heroic city .
the scottish parliament building was designed by spanish architect enric miralles in partnership with local edinburgh architecture firm rmjm which was led by design principal tony kettle .
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits .
millionaire ended its run on the network 's primetime lineup after three years in 2002 , with buena vista television relaunching the show as a syndicated program ( under that incarnation 's original host meredith vieira ) in september of that year .
in honor of the 50th super bowl , the pregame ceremony featured the on-field introduction of 39 of the 43 previous super bowl most valuable players .
teachers at ersatzschulen must have at least the same education and at least the same wages as teachers at public schools , an ersatzschule must have at least the same academic standards as a public school and article 7 , paragraph 4 of the grundgesetz , also forbids segregation of pupils according to the means of their parents ( the so-called sonderungsverbot ) .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
in 1957 competition rules were included in the treaty of rome , also known as the ec treaty , which established the european economic community ( eec ) .
to celebrate the 40th anniversary in 2003 , an audio drama titled zagreus featuring paul mcgann , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and peter davison was released with additional archive recordings of jon pertwee .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
coincidentally , both teams were coached by john fox in their last super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 .
some scholars see luther 's influence as limited , and the nazis ' use of his work as opportunistic .
research shows that student motivation and attitudes towards school are closely linked to student-teacher relationships .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
in november 1969 , gemini veteran charles " pete " conrad and rookie alan l. bean made a precision landing on apollo 12 within walking distance of the surveyor 3 unmanned lunar probe , which had landed in april 1967 on the ocean of storms .
in 1066 , duke william ii of normandy conquered england killing king harold ii at the battle of hastings .
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event .
the warsaw uprising museum also operates a rare preserved and operating historic stereoscopic theatre , the warsaw fotoplastikon .
on the other hand , luther also points out that the ten commandments – when considered not as god 's condemning judgment but as an expression of his eternal will , that is , of the natural law – also positively teach how the christian ought to live .
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages .
the plague recurred occasionally in europe until the 19th century .
for the third straight season , the number one seeds from both conferences met in the super bowl .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
some yuan documents such as wang zhen 's nong shu were printed with earthenware movable type , a technology invented in the 12th century .
in the late 19th century , the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing 'system ' was used on some marine triple expansion engines .
the tuition fee supplement is geared to students enrolled in priority courses in post-secondary and non-degree programmes , including vocational and technical courses .
however , when this experiment is actually conducted , the cannonball always falls at the foot of the mast , as if the cannonball knows to travel with the ship despite being separated from it .
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
despite this and another noticeable ratings decline , abc would manage to outrate nbc for third place by a larger margin than the previous year .
members of the lobate genera bathocyroe and ocyropsis can escape from danger by clapping their lobes , so that the jet of expelled water drives them backwards very quickly .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
the ones that accept government funds are called 'aided ' schools .
when guglielmo marconi made his famous first-ever transatlantic radio transmission in 1901 , tesla quipped that it was done with 17 tesla patents , though there is little to support this claim .
british settlers outnumbered the french 20 to 1 with a population of about 1.5 million ranged along the eastern coast of the continent , from nova scotia and newfoundland in the north , to georgia in the south .
the bbc 's unnatural histories presented evidence that the amazon rainforest , rather than being a pristine wilderness , has been shaped by man for at least 11,000 years through practices such as forest gardening and terra preta .
the largest share of kenya 's electricity supply comes from hydroelectric stations at dams along the upper tana river , as well as the turkwel gorge dam in the west .
the usgs has released a california earthquake forecast which models earthquake occurrence in california .
one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air was conducted by the 2nd century bce greek writer on mechanics , philo of byzantium .
innate immune systems are found in all plants and animals .
using such tools , some quantitative force laws were discovered : that the force of gravity is proportional to volume for objects of constant density ( widely exploited for millennia to define standard weights ) ; archimedes ' principle for buoyancy ; archimedes ' analysis of the lever ; boyle 's law for gas pressure ; and hooke 's law for springs .
in england , the period of norman architecture immediately succeeds that of the anglo-saxon and precedes the early gothic .
there are several ways to mitigate the occupational hazards of teaching .
at the time of their marriage , katharina was 26 years old and luther was 41 years old .
the university of chicago is governed by a board of trustees .
a teacher may follow standardized curricula as determined by the relevant authority .
during the following years , a magnetic tape shortage prompted nasa to remove massive numbers of magnetic tapes from the national archives and records administration to be recorded over with newer satellite data .
luther refused to recant his writings .
the apollo program , also known as project apollo , was the third united states human spaceflight program carried out by the national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , which accomplished landing the first humans on the moon from 1969 to 1972. first conceived during dwight d. eisenhower 's administration as a three-man spacecraft to follow the one-man project mercury which put the first americans in space , apollo was later dedicated to president john f. kennedy 's national goal of " landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth " by the end of the 1960s , which he proposed in a may 25 , 1961 , address to congress .
buddhism is the state 's largest non-christian religion , with 168,637 members as of the most recent census .
when sky digital was launched in 1998 the new service used the astra 2a satellite which was located at the 28.5°e orbital position , unlike the analogue service which was broadcast from 19.2°e .
the phrase retains this association with doctor who , to the point that in 1991 the museum of the moving image in london named their exhibition celebrating the programme " behind the sofa " .
a small group of huguenots also settled on the south shore of staten island along the new york harbor , for which the current neighborhood of huguenot was named .
the lutheran theologian franz pieper observed that luther 's teaching about the state of the christian 's soul after death differed from the later lutheran theologians such as johann gerhard . lessing ( 1755 ) had earlier reached the same conclusion in his analysis of lutheran orthodoxy on this issue .
between bearing six children , hans – june 1526 ; elizabeth – 10 december 1527 , who died within a few months ; magdalene – 1529 , who died in luther 's arms in 1542 ; martin – 1531 ; paul – january 1533 ; and margaret – 1534 ; katharina helped the couple earn a living by farming the land and taking in boarders .
the " freedom to provide services " under tfeu article 56 applies to people who give services " for remuneration " , especially commercial or professional activity .
generally speaking , while all member states recognise that eu law takes primacy over national law where this agreed in the treaties , they do not accept that the court of justice has the final say on foundational constitutional questions affecting democracy and human rights .
the " huguenot street historic district " in new paltz has been designated a national historic landmark site and contains the oldest street in the united states of america .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
the mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005 ( 22,392 km2 or 8,646 sq mi per year ) was 18 % higher than in the previous five years ( 19,018 km2 or 7,343 sq mi per year ) .
the uk subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the agreement on social policy , the 1994 works council directive , which required workforce consultation in businesses , and the 1996 parental leave directive .
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices .
luther 's writings circulated widely , reaching france , england , and italy as early as 1519. students thronged to wittenberg to hear luther speak .
bskyb utilises the videoguard pay-tv scrambling system owned by nds , a cisco systems company .
the origin of the name kenya is not clear , but perhaps linked to the kikuyu , embu and kamba words kirinyaga , kirenyaa and kiinyaa which mean " god 's resting place " in all three languages .
agreement was achieved on fourteen points out of fifteen , the exception being the nature of the eucharist – the sacrament of the lord 's supper—an issue crucial to luther .
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham .
many of these designations are recent—upon completion of the western bypass , and its designation as the new line of the a1 , the roads between this and the a1 's former alignment through the tyne tunnel were renumbered , with many city centre roads changing from a 6-prefix to their present 1-prefix numbers .
by making rest physically indistinguishable from non-zero constant velocity , newton 's first law directly connects inertia with the concept of relative velocities .
the area corresponded to the northern part of present-day upper normandy down to the river seine , but the duchy would eventually extend west beyond the seine .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
over the next five years , tesla wrote over 50 letters to morgan , pleading for and demanding additional funding to complete the construction of wardenclyffe .
rather than being more moderate than the plo , the 1988 hamas charter took a more uncompromising stand , calling for the destruction of israel and the establishment of an islamic state in palestine .
a 2000 study found that 42 % of uk teachers experienced occupational stress , twice the figure for the average profession .
the centre-left australian labor party ( alp ) , the centre-right liberal party of australia , the rural-based national party of australia , and the environmentalist australian greens are victoria 's main political parties .
the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam can be derived from various sources , most commonly from burning combustible materials with an appropriate supply of air in a closed space ( called variously combustion chamber , firebox ) .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
in southern california there are also twelve cities with more than 200,000 residents and 34 cities over 100,000 in population .
in some plants such as cacti , chloroplasts are found in the stems , though in most plants , chloroplasts are concentrated in the leaves .
in 1900 , tesla was granted patents for a " system of transmitting electrical energy " and " an electrical transmitter . "
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza .
occasionally , regular-series episodes will exceed the 45-minute run time ; notably , the episodes " journey 's end " from 2008 and " the eleventh hour " from 2010 exceeded an hour in length .
the first four saturn i test flights were launched from lc-34 , with only live first stages , carrying dummy upper stages filled with water .
the bulk of huguenot émigrés relocated to protestant european nations such as england , wales , scotland , denmark , sweden , switzerland , the dutch republic , the electorate of brandenburg and electorate of the palatinate in the holy roman empire , the duchy of prussia , the channel islands , and ireland .
the 17th century royal ujazdów castle currently houses centre for contemporary art , with some permanent and temporary exhibitions , concerts , shows and creative workshops .
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study .
most of these districts are located in northern san diego and some within north county regions .
in the philippines , the private sector has been a major provider of educational services , accounting for about 7.5 % of primary enrollment , 32 % of secondary enrollment and about 80 % of tertiary enrollment .
in 1993 , the fcc repealed the financial interest and syndication rules , once again allowing networks to hold interests in television production studios .
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue .
this address later inspired the pakistan movement .
it has been established that some plants have linear cpdna , such as maize , and that more species still contain complex structures that scientists do not yet understand .
thereafter , radicalism found a refuge in the anabaptist movement and other religious movements , while luther 's reformation flourished under the wing of the secular powers .
the daily mail newspaper reported in 2012 that the uk government 's benefits agency was checking claimants ' " sky tv bills to establish if a woman in receipt of benefits as a single mother is wrongly claiming to be living alone " – as , it claimed , subscription to sports channels would betray a man 's presence in the household .
the current subject committees in the fourth session are : economy , energy and tourism ; education and culture ; health and sport ; justice ; local government and regeneration ; rural affairs , climate change and environment ; welfare reform ; and infrastructure and capital investment .
barred by the government from settling in new france , huguenots led by jessé de forest , sailed to north america in 1624 and settled instead in the dutch colony of new netherland ( later incorporated into new york and new jersey ) ; as well as great britain 's colonies , including nova scotia .
the nif regime also harbored osama bin laden for a time ( before 9/11 ) , and worked to unify islamist opposition to the american attack on iraq in the 1991 gulf war .
since teachers can affect how students perceive the course materials , it has been found that teachers who showed enthusiasm towards the course materials and students can affect a positive learning experience towards the course materials .
plotting the relationship between level of income and inequality , kuznets saw middle-income developing economies level of inequality bulging out to form what is now known as the kuznets curve .
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285. thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307. temür khan decided to maintain and continue much of the work begun by his grandfather .
the packets are routed individually , sometimes resulting in different paths and out-of-order delivery .
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
it is located at approximately 47°39′n 9°19′e﻿ / ﻿47.650°n 9.317°e﻿ / 47.650 ; 9.317 .
the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines is the steam engine indicator .
the vbns installed one of the first ever production oc-48c ( 2.5 gbit/s ) ip links in february 1999 and went on to upgrade the entire backbone to oc-48c .
the st. johns river divides the city .
on 27 january 2014 , microsoft announced " that skydrive will soon become onedrive " and " skydrive pro " becomes " onedrive for business " .
with abercrombie pinned down at albany , montcalm slipped away and led the successful attack on oswego in august .
before the freeze ended in 1952 , there were only 108 existing television stations in the united states ; a few major cities ( such as boston ) had only two television stations , many other cities ( such as pittsburgh and st. louis ) had only one , and still many others ( such as denver and portland ) did not yet have any television service .
luther refused to recant his writings .
in 1862 , the tesla family moved to gospić , austrian empire , where tesla 's father worked as a pastor .
today , the warsaw stock exchange ( wse ) is , according to many indicators , the largest market in the region , with 374 companies listed and total capitalization of 162 584 mln eur as of 31 august 2009. from 1991 until 2000 , the stock exchange was , ironically , located in the building previously used as the headquarters of the polish united workers ' party ( pzpr ) .
outside the united states the church is divided into seven central conferences : africa , congo , west africa , central & southern europe , germany , northern europe and the philippines .
on 29 february 2008 , representatives of pnu and odm began working on the finer details of the power-sharing agreement .
the time derivative of the changing momentum of the object is what we label as " gravitational force " .
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications .
effects of inequality researchers have found include higher rates of health and social problems , and lower rates of social goods , a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted on high-end consumption , and even a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption .
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds .
tanaghrisson , a chief of the mingo , who were remnants of iroquois and other tribes who had been driven west by colonial expansion .
at the start of the war , no french regular army troops were stationed in north america , and few british troops .
the population density was 4,097.9 people per square mile ( 1,582.2/km² ) .
in its harshest form it preached that muslims should not only " always oppose " infidels " in every way , " but " hate them for their religion ... for allah 's sake , " that democracy " is responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century , " that shia and other non-wahhabi muslims were infidels , etc .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
in 1545 and 1546 luther preached three times in the market church in halle , staying with his friend justus jonas during christmas .
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) .
brownlee argues , " bringing in deterrence at the level of justification detracts from the law ’ s engagement in a moral dialogue with the offender as a rational person because it focuses attention on the threat of punishment and not the moral reasons to follow this law . "
the other major category is " interventive " conservation , this includes : cleaning and reintegration to strengthen fragile objects , reveal original surface decoration , and restore shape .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
after the miss , manning completed a pair of passes to emmanuel sanders for gains of 25 and 22 yards , setting up mcmanus ' 33-yard field goal that gave the broncos a 16–7 lead .
other evidence of the walloons and huguenots in canterbury includes a block of houses in turnagain lane , where weavers ' windows survive on the top floor , as many huguenots worked as weavers .
the legislature of the european union is principally composed of the european parliament and the council of the european union , which under the treaties may establish secondary law to pursue the objective set out in the treaties .
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck .
though they retained the name , these streams no longer carry water from the rhine , but are used for draining the surrounding land and polders .
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated .
to the south and with a population of 1,307,402 is san diego , the second most populous city in the state and the eighth most populous in the nation .
a function problem is a computational problem where a single output ( of a total function ) is expected for every input , but the output is more complex than that of a decision problem , that is , it is n't just yes or no .
in democratic , multiparty elections in 1992 and 1997 , daniel arap moi won re-election .
others are sequential hermaphrodites , in which the eggs and sperm mature at different times .
phycobilins come in all colors , though phycoerytherin is one of the pigments that makes many red algae red .
it was not until january 1518 that friends of luther translated the 95 theses from latin into german and printed and widely copied them , making the controversy one of the first in history to be aided by the printing press .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
the immune system is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease .
ali bhutto , a leftist in democratic competition with islamists , had announced banning alcohol and nightclubs within six months , shortly before he was overthrown .
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in .
computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty , and relating those classes to each other .
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area .
some broadcasts are free-to-air and unencrypted , some are encrypted but do not require a monthly subscription ( known as free-to-view ) , some are encrypted and require a monthly subscription , and some are pay-per-view services .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
the city is served by the tyne and wear metro , a system of suburban and underground railways covering much of tyne and wear .
the basic pay for a starting teacher is €27,814 p.a. , rising incrementally to €53,423 for a teacher with 25 years service .
the hoppings , reputedly the largest travelling fair in europe , takes place on newcastle town moor every june .
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . )
in typical geological investigations , geologists use primary information related to petrology ( the study of rocks ) , stratigraphy ( the study of sedimentary layers ) , and structural geology ( the study of positions of rock units and their deformation ) .
in his paper , he explained his theory that the earth must be much older than had previously been supposed in order to allow enough time for mountains to be eroded and for sediments to form new rocks at the bottom of the sea , which in turn were raised up to become dry land .
since the 1970s , numerous geoglyphs have been discovered on deforested land dating between ad 0–1250 , furthering claims about pre-columbian civilizations .
structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples to observe the fabric within the rocks which gives information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks .
it is the uk 's largest pay-tv broadcaster with 11 million customers as of 2015. it was the uk 's most popular digital tv service until it was overtaken by freeview in april 2007. its corporate headquarters are based in isleworth .
at deshun , the tangut general ma jianlong put up a fierce resistance for several days and personally led charges against the invaders outside the city gate .
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum .
at the time of his death , the mongol empire stretched from the caspian sea to the sea of japan .
if the water level drops , such that the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly , the lead melts and the steam escapes , warning the operators , who may then manually suppress the fire .
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants .
the british superintendent for indian affairs in the new york region and beyond , johnson was known to the iroquois as warraghiggey , meaning " he who does great things . "
chicago 's physics department helped develop the world 's first man-made , self-sustaining nuclear reaction beneath the university 's stagg field .
over 10 % of swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008. sweden is internationally known for this innovative school voucher model that provides swedish pupils with the opportunity to choose the school they prefer .
in july 1968 , abc continued its acquisitions in the amusement parks sector with the opening of abc marine world in redwood city , california ; that park was sold in 1972 and demolished in 1986 , with the land that occupied the park later becoming home to the headquarters of oracle corporation .
oxygen gas is increasingly obtained by these non-cryogenic technologies ( see also the related vacuum swing adsorption ) .
in reyners v belgium the court of justice held that a refusal to admit a lawyer to the belgian bar because he lacked belgian nationality was unjustified .
for example , in steymann v staatssecretaris van justitie , a german man claimed the right to residence in the netherlands , while he volunteered plumbing and household duties in the bhagwan community , which provided for everyone 's material needs irrespective of their contributions .
instead , tesla used the money to fund his colorado springs experiments .
while chinese primary schools were allowed to retain chinese as the medium of instruction , chinese secondary schools are required to change into english-medium schools .
bento de moura portugal introduced an ingenious improvement of savery 's construction " to render it capable of working itself " , as described by john smeaton in the philosophical transactions published in 1751. it continued to be manufactured until the late 18th century .
as they build phase 1 , they design phase 2. this is in contrast to a design-bid-build contract , where the project is completely designed by the owner , then bid on , then completed .
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 .
in the 1530s and 1540s , printed images of luther that emphasized his monumental size were crucial to the spread of protestantism .
warsaw remained the capital of the polish–lithuanian commonwealth until 1796 , when it was annexed by the kingdom of prussia to become the capital of the province of south prussia .
as the speed grew , it is said that the machine oscillated at the resonance frequency of his own building and , belatedly realizing the danger , he was forced to use a sledge hammer to terminate the experiment , just as the police arrived .
it has remained an important swahili settlement since the 14th century and once rivalled mombasa for dominance in the african great lakes region .
replicas of two earlier davids by donatello 's david and verrocchio 's david , are also included , although for conservation reasons the verrocchio replica is displayed in a glass case .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism .
the centre-left australian labor party ( alp ) , the centre-right liberal party of australia , the rural-based national party of australia , and the environmentalist australian greens are victoria 's main political parties .
petrologists can also use fluid inclusion data and perform high temperature and pressure physical experiments to understand the temperatures and pressures at which different mineral phases appear , and how they change through igneous and metamorphic processes .
this was subsequently followed by more astra satellites as well as eutelsat 's eurobird 1 ( now eutelsat 33c ) at 28.5°e ) , enabled the company to launch a new all-digital service , sky , with the potential to carry hundreds of television and radio channels .
it was " entirely devoted to the obdurate jews , whom it was a matter of great urgency to expel from all german territory , " according to léon poliakov .
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity .
in 1957 , kosanović 's secretary charlotte muzar transported tesla 's ashes from the united states to belgrade .
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia .
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) .
most platyctenida have oval bodies that are flattened in the oral-aboral direction , with a pair of tentilla-bearing tentacles on the aboral surface .
the united methodist church is the largest denomination within the wider methodist movement , which has approximately 80 million adherents across the world .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
amongst these include 5 university of california campuses ( irvine , los angeles , riverside , santa barbara , and san diego ) ; 12 california state university campuses ( bakersfield , channel islands , dominguez hills , fullerton , los angeles , long beach , northridge , pomona , san bernardino , san diego , san marcos , and san luis obispo ) ; and private institutions such as the california institute of technology , chapman university , the claremont colleges ( claremont mckenna college , harvey mudd college , pitzer college , pomona college , and scripps college ) , loma linda university , loyola marymount university , occidental college , pepperdine university , university of redlands , university of san diego , and the university of southern california .
under the suggestion of subutai , the mongol army was split into two forces .
the rhine is the longest river in germany .
the more recent type of safety valve uses an adjustable spring-loaded valve , which is locked such that operators may not tamper with its adjustment unless a seal illegally is broken .
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries .
stage 3 is the final stage of the bill and is considered at a meeting of the whole parliament .
fresno is marked by a semi-arid climate ( köppen bsh ) , with mild , moist winters and hot and dry summers , thus displaying mediterranean characteristics .
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
this involves publishing default emission factors , which are factors used to derive emissions estimates based on the levels of fuel consumption , industrial production and so on .
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration .
the principle behind vaccination ( also called immunization ) is to introduce an antigen from a pathogen in order to stimulate the immune system and develop specific immunity against that particular pathogen without causing disease associated with that organism .
camp would instead support revolutionary new rules for the 1906 season .
cyclic photophosphorylation is common in c4 plants , which need more atp than nadph .
as of february 2011 [ update ] , this conjecture has been verified for all numbers up to n = 2 · 1017. weaker statements than this have been proven , for example vinogradov 's theorem says that every sufficiently large odd integer can be written as a sum of three primes .
the scottish parliament has the power to pass laws and has limited tax-varying capability .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
the sama festival , an east asian cultural festival is also held in early october .
temüjin is written in chinese as simplified chinese : 铁木真 ; traditional chinese : 鐵木眞 ; pinyin : tiěmùzhēn .
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession .
with 4:51 left in regulation , carolina got the ball on their own 24-yard line with a chance to mount a game-winning drive , and soon faced 3rd-and-9 .
adults of various species range from a few millimeters to 1.5 m ( 4 ft 11 in ) in size .
the top-level department and government agency known as the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( xuanzheng yuan ) was set up in khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) to supervise buddhist monks throughout the empire .
the section discussed the divergence problem affecting certain tree ring data .
decision problems are one of the central objects of study in computational complexity theory .
teaching in scotland is an all graduate profession and the normal route for graduates wishing to teach is to complete a programme of initial teacher education ( ite ) at one of the seven scottish universities who offer these courses .
leukocytes ( white blood cells ) act like independent , single-celled organisms and are the second arm of the innate immune system .
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102. cornerbacks aqib talib ( three interceptions ) and chris harris , jr. ( two interceptions ) were the other two pro bowl selections from the defense .
folklore says that a river was diverted over his grave to make it impossible to find ( the same manner of burial as the sumerian king gilgamesh of uruk and atilla the hun ) .
other museums include the carpenter center for the visual arts , designed by le corbusier , housing the film archive , the peabody museum of archaeology and ethnology , specializing in the cultural history and civilizations of the western hemisphere , and the semitic museum featuring artifacts from excavations in the middle east .
while etioplasts lack chlorophyll , they have a yellow chlorophyll precursor stocked .
revolutionary civil disobedience is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ( or to change cultural traditions , social customs , religious beliefs , etc ... revolution does n't have to be political , i.e .
prince louis de condé , along with his sons daniel and osias , [ citation needed ] arranged with count ludwig von nassau-saarbrücken to establish a huguenot community in present-day saarland in 1604. the count supported mercantilism and welcomed technically skilled immigrants into his lands , regardless of their religion .
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
if a problem x is in c and hard for c , then x is said to be complete for c. this means that x is the hardest problem in c. ( since many problems could be equally hard , one might say that x is one of the hardest problems in c. ) thus the class of np-complete problems contains the most difficult problems in np , in the sense that they are the ones most likely not to be in p. because the problem p = np is not solved , being able to reduce a known np-complete problem , π2 , to another problem , π1 , would indicate that there is no known polynomial-time solution for π1 .
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
most species are hermaphrodites—a single animal can produce both eggs and sperm , meaning it can fertilize its own egg , not needing a mate .
the logic for this is believed to be that the prime number intervals between emergences make it very difficult for predators to evolve that could specialize as predators on magicicadas .
according to politifact the top 400 richest americans " have more wealth than half of all americans combined . "
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing .
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
while a child was in school , a teacher was expected to act as a substitute parent , with all the normal forms of parental discipline open to them .
trioxygen ( o 3 ) is usually known as ozone and is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue .
in 1935 , chicago maroons football player jay berwanger became the first winner of the heisman trophy .
the horniman went on to host a joint exhibition with the v & a of musical instruments , and has the loan of 35 instruments from the museum .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
early colour videotape recordings made off-air by fans have also been retrieved , as well as excerpts filmed from the television screen onto 8 mm cine film and clips that were shown on other programmes .
brownlee notes that " although civil disobedients are constrained in their use of coercion by their conscientious aim to engage in moral dialogue , nevertheless they may find it necessary to employ limited coercion in order to get their issue onto the table . "
the main driving factor of the oxygen cycle is photosynthesis , which is responsible for modern earth 's atmosphere .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
many apicomplexans keep a vestigial red algal derived chloroplast called an apicoplast , which they inherited from their ancestors .
in typical geological investigations , geologists use primary information related to petrology ( the study of rocks ) , stratigraphy ( the study of sedimentary layers ) , and structural geology ( the study of positions of rock units and their deformation ) .
the apollo program , also known as project apollo , was the third united states human spaceflight program carried out by the national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , which accomplished landing the first humans on the moon from 1969 to 1972. first conceived during dwight d. eisenhower 's administration as a three-man spacecraft to follow the one-man project mercury which put the first americans in space , apollo was later dedicated to president john f. kennedy 's national goal of " landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth " by the end of the 1960s , which he proposed in a may 25 , 1961 , address to congress .
the baltimore-washington conference of the umc has approved the appointment of an openly partnered lesbian to the provisional diaconate .
luther 's other major works on the jews were his 60,000-word treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) , and vom schem hamphoras und vom geschlecht christi ( on the holy name and the lineage of christ ) , both published in 1543 , three years before his death .
some schools offer the removal of the purported distractions of co-education ; the presence of boarding facilities ; or stricter discipline based on their power of expulsion , a tool not readily available to government schools .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
several families of byzantine greece were of norman mercenary origin during the period of the comnenian restoration , when byzantine emperors were seeking out western european warriors .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
... but when works are so completely cut away – and that must mean that faith alone justifies – whoever would speak plainly and clearly about this cutting away of works will have to say , 'faith alone justifies us , and not works ' . "
in 2004 , the v & a alongside royal institute of british architects opened the first permanent gallery in the uk covering the history of architecture with displays using models , photographs , elements from buildings and original drawings .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill .
the input is an arbitrary graph .
chloroplasts are highly dynamic—they circulate and are moved around within plant cells , and occasionally pinch in two to reproduce .
the 2013 series destiny of the doctor , produced as part of the series ' 50th anniversary celebrations , marked the first time big finish created stories ( in this case audiobooks ) featuring the doctors from the revived show .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012. kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip .
this included many old episodes of doctor who , mostly stories featuring the first two doctors : william hartnell and patrick troughton .
it is bordered by tanzania to the south , uganda to the west , south sudan to the north-west , ethiopia to the north and somalia to the north-east .
as of 2010 [ update ] , there were 821,784 people and 366,273 households in the city .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
the date of 2035 has been correctly quoted by the ipcc from the wwf report , which has misquoted its own source , an icsi report " variations of snow and ice in the past and at present on a global and regional scale " .
this means that in a closed system of particles , there are no internal forces that are unbalanced .
development of the strategic petroleum reserve began in 1975 , and in 1977 the cabinet-level department of energy was created , followed by the national energy act of 1978 .
the location of fort caroline is subject to debate but a reconstruction of the fort was established on the st. johns river in 1964 .
however , in 1883–84 germany began to build a colonial empire in africa and the south pacific , before losing interest in imperialism .
luther incorporated questions and answers in the catechism so that the basics of christian faith would not just be learned by rote , " the way monkeys do it " , but understood .
dikes , long , planar igneous intrusions , enter along cracks , and therefore often form in large numbers in areas that are being actively deformed .
[ note 6 ] in 1978 a disco version of the theme was released in the uk , denmark and australia by the group mankind , which reached number 24 in the uk charts .
the state of victoria was divided into eight electorates with each electorate represented by five representatives elected by single transferable vote .
richard allen and absalom jones became the first african americans ordained by the methodist church .
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere .
they calculate with confidence that co2 has been responsible for over half the enhanced greenhouse effect .
the huguenots furnished two new regiments of his army : the altpreußische infantry regiments no .
in 1870 , tesla moved to karlovac , to attend school at the higher real gymnasium , where he was profoundly influenced by a math teacher martin sekulić .
the v & a theatre & performance galleries , formerly the theatre museum , opened in march 2009. the collections are stored by the v & a , and are available for research , exhibitions and other shows .
helper t cells have a weaker association with the mhc : antigen complex than observed for killer t cells , meaning many receptors ( around 200–300 ) on the helper t cell must be bound by an mhc : antigen in order to activate the helper cell , while killer t cells can be activated by engagement of a single mhc : antigen molecule .
this is similar to the 1988 continuation of mission impossible , but differs from most other series relaunches which have either been reboots ( for example , battlestar galactica and bionic woman [ citation needed ] ) or set in the same universe as the original but in a different time period and with different characters ( for example , star trek : the next generation and spin-offs [ citation needed ] ) .
north american aviation won the contract to build the csm , and also the second stage of the saturn v launch vehicle for nasa .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
largely developed in the 1950s through the 1970s , it has recently experienced a surge in new home construction .
later , in 1901 , oxyacetylene welding was demonstrated for the first time by burning a mixture of acetylene and compressed o 2. this method of welding and cutting metal later became common .
the individual is the final judge of right and wrong .
of grainger town 's 450 buildings , 244 are listed , of which 29 are grade i and 49 are grade ii* .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
the innate immune system is the dominant system of host defense in most organisms .
economist simon kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development .
politically , victoria has 37 seats in the australian house of representatives and 12 seats in the australian senate .
even priesthood representatives are expected to defer to the father of the house when in his home .
the academic bodies of the university of chicago consist of the college , four divisions of graduate research and seven professional schools .
according to sheldon ungar 's comparison with global warming , the actors in the ozone depletion case had a better understanding of scientific ignorance and uncertainties .
the announcement came a day after setanta sports confirmed that it would launch in march as a subscription service on the digital terrestrial platform , and on the same day that ntl 's services re-branded as virgin media .
the doctor 's first companions seen on screen were his granddaughter susan foreman ( carole ann ford ) and her teachers barbara wright ( jacqueline hill ) and ian chesterton ( william russell ) .
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season .
however , this vision was shattered in the 1970s , when it was publicly announced that prime numbers could be used as the basis for the creation of public key cryptography algorithms .
by july 1944 , the red army was deep into polish territory and pursuing the germans toward warsaw .
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations .
jamukha escaped during the conflict .
one of the first norman mercenaries to serve as a byzantine general was hervé in the 1050s .
the most famous traveler of the period was the venetian marco polo , whose account of his trip to " cambaluc , " the capital of the great khan , and of life there astounded the people of europe .
this category includes university-preparatory schools or " prep schools " , boarding schools and day schools .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) .
pharmacy organizations often use other symbols , such as the bowl of hygieia which is often used in the netherlands , conical measures , and caduceuses in their logos .
in europe there are old pharmacies still operating in dubrovnik , croatia , located inside the franciscan monastery , opened in 1317 ; and in the town hall square of tallinn , estonia , dating from at least 1422. the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum .
this document , the guanabara confession of faith , became the first protestant confession of faith in the whole of the americas .
they hold the uk 's biggest national collection of material about live performance in the uk since shakespeare 's day , covering drama , dance , musical theatre , circus , music hall , rock and pop , and most other forms of live entertainment .
the river ijssel branch flows to the north and enters the ijsselmeer , formerly the zuider zee brackish lagoon ; however , since 1932 , a freshwater lake .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
since all modern ctenophores except the beroids have cydippid-like larvae , it has widely been assumed that their last common ancestor also resembled cydippids , having an egg-shaped body and a pair of retractable tentacles .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
french fur traders and trappers traveled throughout the st. lawrence and mississippi watersheds , did business with local tribes , and often married indian women .
hyperbaric ( high-pressure ) medicine uses special oxygen chambers to increase the partial pressure of o 2 around the patient and , when needed , the medical staff .
an affectionate parody of the television series , it was split into four segments , mimicking the traditional serial format , complete with cliffhangers , and running down the same corridor several times when being chased ( the version released on video was split into only two episodes ) .
survivors from the citadel were executed , artisans and craftsmen were sent back to mongolia , young men who had not fought were drafted into the mongolian army and the rest of the population was sent into slavery .
learning of a french scouting party in the area , washington , with tanaghrisson and his party , surprised the canadians on may 28 in what became known as the battle of jumonville glen .
while studying law and philosophy in england and germany , iqbal became a member of the london branch of the all india muslim league .
in the case of spacesuits , the o 2 partial pressure in the breathing gas is , in general , about 30 kpa ( 1.4 times normal ) , and the resulting o 2 partial pressure in the astronaut 's arterial blood is only marginally more than normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure ( for more information on this , see space suit and arterial blood gas ) .
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands .
among them , the original fresno county courthouse ( demolished ) , the fresno carnegie public library ( demolished ) , the fresno water tower , the bank of italy building , the pacific southwest building , the san joaquin light & power building ( currently known as the grand 1401 ) , and the hughes hotel ( burned down ) , to name a few .
european union law is applied by the courts of member states and the court of justice of the european union .
the mongol custom of long standing quda/marriage alliance with mongol clans , the onggirat , and the ikeres , kept the imperial blood purely mongol until the reign of tugh temur , whose mother was a tangut concubine .
the service module was discarded just before re-entry .
other civil disobedients who favor the existence of government still do n't believe in the legitimacy of their particular government , or do n't believe in the legitimacy of a particular law it has enacted .
but stephen eilmann argues that if it is necessary to disobey rules that conflict with morality , we might ask why disobedience should take the form of public civil disobedience rather than simply covert lawbreaking .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
the isolated subdivision was for years known as the " dogg pound " in reference to a local gang , and as of late 2008 was still known for high levels of violent crime .
indeed , for vice president agnew it has become a code-word describing the activities of muggers , arsonists , draft evaders , campaign hecklers , campus militants , anti-war demonstrators , juvenile delinquents and political assassins . "
the calvin cycle starts by using the enzyme rubisco to fix co2 into five-carbon ribulose bisphosphate ( rubp ) molecules .
while a child was in school , a teacher was expected to act as a substitute parent , with all the normal forms of parental discipline open to them .
this is not a valid comparison—the inner mitochondria membrane is used to run proton pumps and carry out oxidative phosphorylation across to generate atp energy .
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region .
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated .
many known complexity classes are suspected to be unequal , but this has not been proved .
lepidodinium is the only dinophyte that has a chloroplast that 's not from the rhodoplast lineage .
they contain a pyrenoid , and have triplet-stacked thylakoids .
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house .
he explores the universe in his tardis , a sentient time-travelling space ship .
today the court of justice of the european union ( cjeu ) is the main judicial body , within which there is a higher european court of justice ( commonly abbreviated as ecj ) that deals with cases that contain more public importance , and a general court that deals with issues of detail but without general importance .
while the mercury capsule could only support one astronaut on a limited earth orbital mission , apollo would carry three astronauts .
in 2010 , newcastle was positioned ninth in the retail centre expenditure league of the uk .
alongside the traditional media availabilities , the event featured an opening ceremony with player introductions on a replica of the golden gate bridge .
for a situation with no movement , the static friction force exactly balances the applied force resulting in no acceleration .
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible .
innovations in newcastle and surrounding areas included the development of safety lamps , stephenson 's rocket , lord armstrong 's artillery , be-ro flour , joseph swan 's electric light bulbs , and charles parsons ' invention of the steam turbine , which led to the revolution of marine propulsion and the production of cheap electricity .
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989. american composer john debney created a new arrangement of ron grainer 's original theme for doctor who in 1996. for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series .
for this reason , those with experience in the field make detailed plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome .
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties .
his national islamic front first gained influence when strongman general gaafar al-nimeiry invited members to serve in his government in 1979. turabi built a powerful economic base with money from foreign islamist banking systems , especially those linked with saudi arabia .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
the alga cyanophora , a glaucophyte , is thought to be one of the first organisms to contain a chloroplast .
the centrifugal governor was adopted by james watt for use on a steam engine in 1788 after watt ’ s partner boulton saw one at a flour mill boulton & watt were building .
roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players also opened nearby in 1978 , [ citation needed ] at olive and wishon avenues .
between the lobes on either side of the mouth , many species of lobates have four auricles , gelatinous projections edged with cilia that produce water currents that help direct microscopic prey toward the mouth .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
in physics , the university was the site of the chicago pile-1 ( the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction , part of the manhattan project ) , of robert millikan 's oil-drop experiment that calculated the charge of the electron , and of the development of radiocarbon dating by willard f. libby in 1947. the chemical experiment that tested how life originated on early earth , the miller–urey experiment , was conducted at the university .
peter capaldi took on the role after matt smith 's exit in the 2013 christmas special " the time of the doctor " .
most studies looking into the relationship have concentrated on homicides – since homicides are almost identically defined across all nations and jurisdictions .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
the river ijssel branch flows to the north and enters the ijsselmeer , formerly the zuider zee brackish lagoon ; however , since 1932 , a freshwater lake .
a revised version of gold 's 2010 arrangement had its debut over the opening titles of the 2012 christmas special " the snowmen " , and a further revision of the arrangement was made for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " in november 2013 .
the uk , germany , italy , switzerland and norway banned flying , driving and boating on sundays .
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring ( 500 points ) , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections .
this led to the transfer to the museum of the school of design that had been founded in 1837 at somerset house ; after the transfer it was referred to as the art school or art training school , later to become the royal college of art which finally achieved full independence in 1949. from the 1860s to the 1880s the scientific collections had been moved from the main museum site to various improvised galleries to the west of exhibition road .
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega .
not a maritime power , and not a nation-state , as it would eventually become , germany ’ s participation in western imperialism was negligible until the late 19th century .
tesla spent over $ 2,000 , including building a device that comfortably supported her so her bones could heal , to fix her broken wing and leg .
tesla was able to perform integral calculus in his head , which prompted his teachers to believe that he was cheating .
for example , the authority of the yuan legal system , the ministry of justice , did not extend to legal cases involving mongols and semuren , who had separate courts of justice .
jim gray will anchor the pre-game and halftime coverage .
often a second , additional meaning is intended by using the word prime , namely that any object can be , essentially uniquely , decomposed into its prime components .
when voting takes place it is weighted inversely to member state size , so smaller member states are not dominated by larger member states .
the station is one of only six grade one listed railway stations in the uk .
references to doctor who have also appeared in the young adult fantasy novels brisingr and high wizardry , the video game rock band , the soap opera eastenders , the adult swim comedy show robot chicken , the family guy episodes " blue harvest " and " 420 " , and the game runescape .
[ citation needed ] it was around this time that jelme and bo'orchu , two of genghis khan 's future generals , joined forces with him .
the area is also known for its early twentieth century homes , many of which have been restored in recent decades .
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms .
kublai besieged xiangyang between 1268 and 1273 , the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich yangzi river basin .
proposals to connect the cambridge campus with the new allston campus include new and enlarged bridges , a shuttle service and/or a tram .
after his father 's death in 1879 , tesla found a package of letters from his professors to his father , warning that unless he were removed from the school , tesla would be killed through overwork .
since the 1970s , many of these " segregation academies " have shut down , although some continue to operate .
epidemics that may have included plague killed an estimated 25 million chinese and other asians during the 15 years before it reached constantinople in 1347 .
in 1983 , for the 40th anniversary of the network 's founding , id sequences had the logo appear in a gold cgi design on a blue background , accompanied by the slogan " that special feeling " in a script font .
the gorge is quite deep and is the stretch of the river which is known for its many castles and vineyards .
karl von miltitz , a papal nuncio , attempted to broker a solution , but luther , who had sent the pope a copy of on the freedom of a christian in october , publicly set fire to the bull and decretals at wittenberg on 10 december 1520 , an act he defended in why the pope and his recent book are burned and assertions concerning all articles .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
the huguenots adapted quickly and often married outside their immediate french communities , which led to their assimilation .
decnet is a suite of network protocols created by digital equipment corporation , originally released in 1975 in order to connect two pdp-11 minicomputers .
the united methodist church has since 1985 been exploring a possible merger with three historically african-american methodist denominations : the african methodist episcopal church , the african methodist episcopal zion church , and the christian methodist episcopal church .
parts of the immune system of higher organisms create peroxide , superoxide , and singlet oxygen to destroy invading microbes .
[ further explanation needed ] after the defeat of napoleon , who caused the dissolution of that holy roman empire , prussia and the german states continued to stand aloof from imperialism , preferring to manipulate the european system through the concert of europe .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
britain 's imperialist ambitions can be seen as early as the sixteenth century .
the combined effect of these events led to prime minister wilson committing his government to some form of devolved legislature in 1974. however , it was not until 1978 that final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly were passed by the united kingdom parliament .
during the yuan period , beijing became the terminus of the grand canal of china , which was completely renovated .
in 2000 , doctor who was ranked third in a list of the 100 greatest british television programmes of the 20th century , produced by the british film institute and voted on by industry professionals .
one of its earliest massive implementations was brought about by egyptians against the british occupation in the 1919 revolution .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
he had the theses checked for heresy and in december 1517 forwarded them to rome .
his face can be found on everyday commodities , from liquor bottles to candy products , and on the largest denominations of 500 , 1,000 , 5,000 , 10,000 , and 20,000 mongolian tögrög ( ₮ ) .
in 1927 a zoological garden ( ogród zoologiczny ) was established on the park grounds , and in 1952 a bear run , still open today .
another example is from the 1986 serial the trial of a time lord , where michael jayston portrayed the valeyard , who is described as an amalgamation of the darker sides of the doctor 's nature , somewhere between his twelfth and final incarnation .
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " .
it consists of filaments about 5 nanometers across , arranged in rows 6.4 nanometers apart , and shrinks to squeeze the chloroplast .
european union law is a body of treaties and legislation , such as regulations and directives , which have direct effect or indirect effect on the laws of european union member states .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3. however , computing a or μ requires the knowledge of infinitely many primes to begin with .
huguenot immigrants did not disperse or settle in different parts of the country , but rather , formed three societies or congregations ; one in the city of new york , another 21 miles north of new york in a town which they named new rochelle , and a third further upstate in new paltz .
meanwhile , the relationship between non-human primates in the subsistence and symbolism of indigenous lowland south american peoples has gained increased attention , as have ethno-biology and community-based conservation efforts .
immediately after decision time a " members debate " is held , which lasts for 45 minutes .
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds .
their presence , combined with a perceived british policy of allowing them free rein , heightened by exposés such as the 2007 channel 4 documentary programme undercover mosque , has given rise to the term londonistan .
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) .
on the very northern edge of the site is situated the secretariat wing , also built in 1862 this houses the offices and board room etc .
though there is no official definition for the northern boundary of southern california , such a division has existed from the time when mexico ruled california , and political disputes raged between the californios of monterey in the upper part and los angeles in the lower part of alta california .
developer william smilie created the nation 's first planned aviation community .
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere .
the words " bonny " ( meaning " pretty " ) , " howay " ( " come on " ) , " stot " ( " bounce " ) and " hadaway " ( " go away " or " you 're kidding " ) , all appear to be used in scots ; " aye " ( " yes " ) and " nowt " ( ipa : //naʊt/ , rhymes with out , " nothing " ) are used elsewhere in northern england .
as a practice area and specialist domain , pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the needs of major national and international patient information projects and health system interoperability goals .
over the course of the decade , more than 30 silent film studios were established , earning jacksonville the title of " winter film capital of the world " .
from december 1539 , luther became implicated in the bigamy of philip i , landgrave of hesse , who wanted to marry one of his wife 's ladies-in-waiting .
their main weakness is their eyestalk ; attacks upon them using various weapons can blind a dalek , making it go mad .
each granum can contain anywhere from two to a hundred thylakoids , though grana with 10–20 thylakoids are most common .
thoreau admits that government may express the will of the majority but it may also express nothing more than the will of elite politicians .
each year , the southern california area has about 10,000 earthquakes .
when the fcc imposed its fin-syn rules in 1970 , abc proactively created two companies : worldvision enterprises as a syndication distributor , and abc circle films as a production company .
he started teaching in rotterdam , where he finished writing and publishing his multi-volume masterpiece , historical and critical dictionary .
the lutheran theologian franz pieper observed that luther 's teaching about the state of the christian 's soul after death differed from the later lutheran theologians such as johann gerhard .
andreas karlstadt , supported by the ex-augustinian gabriel zwilling , embarked on a radical programme of reform there in june 1521 , exceeding anything envisaged by luther .
exposure to a o 2 partial pressures greater than 160 kpa ( about 1.6 atm ) may lead to convulsions ( normally fatal for divers ) .
building on vaudreuil 's work harassing the oswego garrison , montcalm executed a strategic feint by moving his headquarters to ticonderoga , as if to presage another attack along lake george .
chris keates , the general secretary of national association of schoolmasters union of women teachers , said that teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent should not be placed on the sex offenders register and that prosecution for statutory rape " is a real anomaly in the law that we are concerned about . "
to ensure a space , in 1947 , abc submitted five applications for television station licenses , one for each market where it owned and operated a radio station ( new york city , los angeles , chicago , san francisco and detroit ) .
according to international monetary fund economists , inequality in wealth and income is negatively correlated with the duration of economic growth spells ( not the rate of growth ) .
here , personal success is a student 's internal goal of improving himself , whereas academic success includes the goals he receives from his superior .
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages .
however , the earliest surviving records of the explicit study of prime numbers come from the ancient greeks .
this combination of mhc and antigen attracts a matching helper t cell , which releases lymphokines and activates the b cell .
despite their soft , gelatinous bodies , fossils thought to represent ctenophores , apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms , have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early cambrian , about 515 million years ago .
the letters are strongly reminiscent of the bauhaus typeface designed by herbert bayer in the 1920s , but also share similarities with several other fonts , such as itc avant garde and horatio , and most closely resembling chalet .
the chinese medical tradition of the yuan had " four great schools " that the yuan inherited from the jin dynasty .
in late 1961 and early 1962 , members of the manned spacecraft center began to come around to support lor , including the newly hired deputy director of the office of manned space flight , joseph shea , who became a champion of lor .
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) .
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down .
in addition , in terms of function , the inner chloroplast membrane , which regulates metabolite passage and synthesizes some materials , has no counterpart in the mitochondrion .
the museum continues to acquire examples of modern fashion to add to the collection .
in the uk the role of a pht has grown and responsibility has been passed on to them to manage the pharmacy department and specialised areas in pharmacy practice allowing pharmacists the time to specialise in their expert field as medication consultants spending more time working with patients and in research .
as a time lord , the doctor has the ability to regenerate when his body is mortally damaged , taking on a new appearance and personality .
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world .
before the foundation can be dug , contractors are typically required to verify and have existing utility lines marked , either by the utilities themselves or through a company specializing in such services .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
tesla worked every day from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. or later , with dinner from exactly 8:10 p.m. , at delmonico 's restaurant and later the waldorf-astoria hotel .
he was deeply influenced by two tutors , bartholomaeus arnoldi von usingen and jodocus trutfetter , who taught him to be suspicious of even the greatest thinkers and to test everything himself by experience .
the first commercially viable process for producing liquid oxygen was independently developed in 1895 by german engineer carl von linde and british engineer william hampson .
while constitutional law concerns the european union 's governance structure , administrative law binds eu institutions and member states to follow the law .
before the conflict , however , several generals abandoned jamukha , including subutai , jelme 's well-known younger brother .
) , and less complex than bilaterians ( which include almost all other animals ) .
that the plague was caused by bad air became the most widely accepted theory .
a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time ( high supply ) competing for a job that few require ( low demand ) will result in a low wage for that job .
many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching , especially for hard-to-fill positions .
stephen kemble of the famous kemble family successfully managed the original theatre royal , newcastle for fifteen years ( 1791–1806 ) .
the resulting report , published in 1945 , was one of the most influential manifestos in the history of american education in the 20th century .
there are also estimated to be between 500 and 2,000 bolivians in newcastle , forming up to 1 % of the population—the largest such percentage of any uk city .
a job where there are few able or willing workers ( low supply ) , but a large need for the positions ( high demand ) , will result in high wages for that job .
the function of the teacher is to pressure the lazy , inspire the bored , deflate the cocky , encourage the timid , detect and correct individual flaws , and broaden the viewpoint of all .
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923. during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa .
this means , legislation can be blocked by a majority in parliament , a minority in the council , and a majority in the commission : it is harder to change eu law than stay the same .
the exceptions are the beroids , whose young are miniature beroids with large mouths and no tentacles , and the platyctenids , whose young live as cydippid-like plankton until they reach near-adult size , but then sink to the bottom and rapidly metamorphose into the adult form .
the scottish parliament is unable to legislate on such issues that are reserved to , and dealt with at , westminster ( and where ministerial functions usually lie with uk government ministers ) .
one result of this was a campaign of attacks on government officials and tourists in egypt , a bloody civil war in algeria and osama bin laden 's terror attacks climaxing in the 9/11 attack .
a computational problem can be viewed as an infinite collection of instances together with a solution for every instance .
this is partly due to the harsh railway operating environment and limited space afforded by the loading gauge ( particularly in britain , where compounding was never common and not employed after 1930 ) .
hans hillerbrand writes that luther had no intention of confronting the church , but saw his disputation as a scholarly objection to church practices , and the tone of the writing is accordingly " searching , rather than doctrinaire . "
there are about thirty photosynthetic carotenoids .
twigg suggested that the cause was a form of anthrax , and norman cantor ( 2001 ) thought it may have been a combination of anthrax and other pandemics .
the principal cash crops are tea , horticultural produce , and coffee .
within a few months , the budapest telephone exchange became functional and tesla was allocated the chief electrician position .
newcastle student radio is run by students from both of the city 's universities , broadcasting from newcastle university 's student 's union building during term time .
over the next five years , tesla wrote over 50 letters to morgan , pleading for and demanding additional funding to complete the construction of wardenclyffe .
the earliest known movie featuring some exterior scenes filmed in the city is on the night of the fire ( 1939 ) , though by and large the action is studio-bound .
the building was designed by architects marek budzyński and zbigniew badowski and opened on 15 december 1999. it is surrounded by green .
between bearing six children , hans – june 1526 ; elizabeth – 10 december 1527 , who died within a few months ; magdalene – 1529 , who died in luther 's arms in 1542 ; martin – 1531 ; paul – january 1533 ; and margaret – 1534 ; katharina helped the couple earn a living by farming the land and taking in boarders .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
in 1656 , the plague killed about half of naples ' 300,000 inhabitants .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
in the 19th century , shipbuilding and heavy engineering were central to the city 's prosperity ; and the city was a powerhouse of the industrial revolution .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
among the cities that line the kenyan coast is the city of malindi .
building activity occurred in numerous noble palaces and churches during the later decades of the 17th century .
since the quaternary is a very short period with short epochs , it is further expanded in the fourth scale .
chloroplasts in c4 plants are notable as they exhibit a distinct chloroplast dimorphism .
european examples include a dormer window dated 1523–35 from the chateau of montal .
in the autumn of 1991 , talks were held for the broadcast rights for premier league for a five-year period , from the 1992 season .
studies on income inequality and growth have sometimes found evidence confirming the kuznets curve hypothesis , which states that with economic development , inequality first increases , then decreases .
in these sermons , he hammered home the primacy of core christian values such as love , patience , charity , and freedom , and reminded the citizens to trust god 's word rather than violence to bring about necessary change .
water in equilibrium with air contains approximately 1 molecule of dissolved o 2 for every 2 molecules of n 2 , compared to an atmospheric ratio of approximately 1:4. the solubility of oxygen in water is temperature-dependent , and about twice as much ( 14.6 mg·l−1 ) dissolves at 0 °c than at 20 °c ( 7.6 mg·l−1 ) .
their local rivals , polonia warsaw , have significantly fewer supporters , yet they managed to win ekstraklasa championship in 2000. they also won the country ’ s championship in 1946 , and won the cup twice as well .
frederick william , elector of brandenburg , invited huguenots to settle in his realms , and a number of their descendants rose to positions of prominence in prussia .
the v & a holds over 19,000 items from the islamic world , ranging from the early islamic period ( the 7th century ) to the early 20th century .
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series .
it became clear that managing the apollo program would exceed the capabilities of robert r. gilruth 's space task group , which had been directing the nation 's manned space program from nasa 's langley research center .
luther 's other major works on the jews were his 60,000-word treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) , and vom schem hamphoras und vom geschlecht christi ( on the holy name and the lineage of christ ) , both published in 1543 , three years before his death .
virtually all nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator .
a static equilibrium between two forces is the most usual way of measuring forces , using simple devices such as weighing scales and spring balances .
chloroplasts , like mitochondria , contain their own dna , which is thought to be inherited from their ancestor—a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell .
previous research on early hominids is particularly identified with mary leakey and louis leakey , who were responsible for the preliminary archaeological research at olorgesailie and hyrax hill .
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity .
in 1977 , roone arledge was named president of the new abc news in addition to being president of abc sports .
the broncos ' defense ranked first in the nfl yards allowed ( 4,530 ) for the first time in franchise history , and fourth in points allowed ( 296 ) .
the first huguenot to arrive at the cape of good hope was however maria de la queillerie , wife of commander jan van riebeeck ( and daughter of a walloon church minister ) , who arrived on 6 april 1652 to establish a settlement at what is today cape town .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces .
only four main interactions are known : in order of decreasing strength , they are : strong , electromagnetic , weak , and gravitational .
contrasting from britain , france sent small numbers of settlers to its colonies , with the only notable exception of algeria , where french settlers nevertheless always remained a small minority .
the poor and the middle class matter the most for growth via a number of interrelated economic , social , and political channels . "
upper and lower bounds are usually stated using the big o notation , which hides constant factors and smaller terms .
japanese imports became mass-market leaders with unibody construction and front-wheel drive , which became de facto standards .
the mouth of the rhine into lake constance forms an inland delta .
millionaire ended its run on the network 's primetime lineup after three years in 2002 , with buena vista television relaunching the show as a syndicated program ( under that incarnation 's original host meredith vieira ) in september of that year .
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma .
the first series of the 21st century featured christopher eccleston in the title role and was produced by the bbc .
he showed that the bodies were accelerated by gravity to an extent that was independent of their mass and argued that objects retain their velocity unless acted on by a force , for example friction .
warsaw 's name in the polish language is warszawa , approximately /vɑːrˈʃɑːvə/ ( also formerly spelled warszewa and warszowa ) , meaning " belonging to warsz " , warsz being a shortened form of the masculine name of slavic origin warcisław ; see also etymology of wrocław .
it has a height of 617 ft ( 188 m ) and includes 42 floors .
roussel de bailleul even tried to carve out an independent state in asia minor with support from the local population , but he was stopped by the byzantine general alexius komnenos .
based on tesla 's advice and westinghouse 's demonstration that they could build a complete ac system at the columbian exposition , a contract for building a two-phase ac generating system at the niagara falls was awarded to westinghouse electric .
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression .
british settlers outnumbered the french 20 to 1 with a population of about 1.5 million ranged along the eastern coast of the continent , from nova scotia and newfoundland in the north , to georgia in the south .
the scottish parliament has the power to legislate in all areas that are not explicitly reserved to westminster .
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced .
the bainbridge ’ s official ledgers reported revenue by department , giving birth to the name department store .
members of the genus dinophysis have a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte .
in the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 % interest in cable sports channel espn , the network 's parent merged with capital cities communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations .
kenya 's first system of education was introduced by british colonists .
on 12 january , two thousand people attended a state funeral for tesla at the cathedral of saint john the divine .
supplementary sources of european union law include case law by the court of justice , international law and general principles of european union law .
there are conflicting views of genghis khan in the people 's republic of china with some viewing him positively in the inner mongolia region where there are a monument and buildings about him and where there is a considerable number of mongols in the area with a population of around 5 million , almost twice the population of mongolia .
european union law is a body of treaties and legislation , such as regulations and directives , which have direct effect or indirect effect on the laws of european union member states .
accelerations can be defined through kinematic measurements .
the apollo program was conceived during the eisenhower administration in early 1960 , as a follow-up to project mercury .
the apollo program succeeded in achieving its goal of manned lunar landing , despite the major setback of a 1967 apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test .
the clinical section is located in a 10-floor building with 700 beds , 10 operating theatres , an intensive care unit , several diagnostic departments as well as an outpatient clinic .
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary .
daniel burke departed from capital cities/abc in february 1994 , with thomas murphy taking over as president before ceding control to robert iger .
the scotland act 1998 , which was passed by the parliament of the united kingdom and given royal assent by queen elizabeth ii on 19 november 1998 , governs the functions and role of the scottish parliament and delimits its legislative competence .
the soulages collection of italian and french renaissance objects was acquired between 1859 and 1865 , and includes several cassone .
the best known algorithm for integer factorization is the general number field sieve , which takes time o ( e ( 64/9 ) 1/3 ( n.log 2 ) 1/3 ( log ( n.log 2 ) ) 2/3 ) to factor an n-bit integer .
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . )
oxygen presents two spectrophotometric absorption bands peaking at the wavelengths 687 and 760 nm .
in response , teachers may concentrate their attention on motivated students , ignoring attention-seeking and disruptive students .
european union law is a body of treaties and legislation , such as regulations and directives , which have direct effect or indirect effect on the laws of european union member states .
in september 1967 , mueller approved a sequence of mission types which had to be successfully accomplished in order to achieve the manned lunar landing .
as such , the church 's theological orientation is decidedly wesleyan .
the germanic populations of these lands seem in roman times to have been scanty , and roman subjects from the modern alsace-lorraine had drifted across the river eastwards .
between 1402 and 1405 , the expedition led by the norman noble jean de bethencourt and the poitevine gadifer de la salle conquered the canarian islands of lanzarote , fuerteventura and el hierro off the atlantic coast of africa .
the teacher also needs to be enthusiastic about the subject matter they are teaching .
kuchlug , the deposed khan of the naiman confederation that temüjin defeated and folded into his mongol empire , fled west and usurped the khanate of qara khitai ( also known as the western liao , as it was originally established as remnants of the liao dynasty ) .
in response , king louis xv dispatched six regiments to new france under the command of baron dieskau in 1755. the british , intending to blockade french ports , sent out their fleet in february 1755 , but the french fleet had already sailed .
these are classified by technique , countries of origin and date of production .
he read many books while in tomingaj , and later said that mark twain 's works had helped him to miraculously recover from his earlier illness .
most early greeks did not even consider 1 to be a number , so they could not consider it to be a prime .
instead of valves , the entire cylinder rocks , or oscillates , such that one or more holes in the cylinder line up with holes in a fixed port face or in the pivot mounting ( trunnion ) .
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx .
in 1844 , the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences because of tensions over slavery and the power of bishops in the denomination .
nevertheless , his misguided agitation had the evil result that luther fatefully became one of the 'church fathers ' of anti-semitism and thus provided material for the modern hatred of the jews , cloaking it with the authority of the reformer . "
whilst the first minister chooses the ministers – and may decide to remove them at any time – the formal appointment or dismissal is made by the sovereign .
famous musicians include władysław szpilman and frédéric chopin .
most green chloroplasts are ( obviously ) green , though some are n't , like some forms of hæmatococcus pluvialis , due to accessory pigments that override the chlorophylls ' green colors .
the connection between electricity and magnetism allows for the description of a unified electromagnetic force that acts on a charge .
prime elements in z ) of the form 4k + 3 are gaussian primes , whereas rational primes of the form 4k + 1 are not .
since 1999 , big finish productions has released several different series of doctor who audios on cd .
during the summer , abc airs espn-produced highlight compilation programs for the open championship golf and the wimbledon tennis tournaments to provide some presence for both events on american broadcast television .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
in particular , the city 's metro , roads , sidewalks , health care facilities and sanitation facilities have improved markedly .
a steady stream of oxygen gas is then produced by the exothermic reaction .
ergänzungsschulen are secondary or post-secondary ( non-tertiary ) schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or rarely , religious groups and offer a type of education which is not available at public schools .
in 2012 the economist intelligence unit ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world .
in march 1864 a confederate cavalry confronted a union expedition resulting in the battle of cedar creek .
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students .
increasingly the court of justice has taken the view that the specific goals of free trade are underpinned by the general aims of the treaty for improvement of people 's well being .
these were bequeathed with over 18,000 books to the museum in 1876 by john forster .
as in the house of commons , a number of qualifications apply to being an msp .
the pharma ( as it was referred to ) often operated through a retail shop which , in addition to ingredients for medicines , sold tobacco and patent medicines .
this extends to the personal video recorder ( pvr ) offering ( branded sky+ ) .
retaliating against the french catholics , the huguenots had their own militia .
the city is home to the children 's memorial health institute ( cmhi ) , the highest-reference hospital in all of poland , as well as an active research and education center .
some scientists argue that the rainforest was reduced to small , isolated refugia separated by open forest and grassland ; other scientists argue that the rainforest remained largely intact but extended less far to the north , south , and east than is seen today .
if a problem x is in c and hard for c , then x is said to be complete for c. this means that x is the hardest problem in c. ( since many problems could be equally hard , one might say that x is one of the hardest problems in c. ) thus the class of np-complete problems contains the most difficult problems in np , in the sense that they are the ones most likely not to be in p. because the problem p = np is not solved , being able to reduce a known np-complete problem , π2 , to another problem , π1 , would indicate that there is no known polynomial-time solution for π1 .
most of the prostitutes in kenya are aged 9–18 .
2002 saw the debut of the network 's first hit reality series , the bachelor ( the elimination-style dating show 's success led to a spinoff , the bachelorette , which premiered the following year , as well as two additional spinoffs that later debuted in the early 2010s ) .
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
one of the roles of computational complexity theory is to determine the practical limits on what computers can and can not do .
in a 1937 interview , he stated :
students at the university of chicago run over 400 clubs and organizations known as recognized student organizations ( rsos ) .
injectors became popular in the 1850s but are no longer widely used , except in applications such as steam locomotives .
this hypothesis is called the cobham–edmonds thesis .
the jameel gallery of islamic art , opened in 2006 , houses a representative display of 400 objects with the highlight being the ardabil carpet , the centrepiece of the gallery .
they also claim that in these schools the preservation of public order is easier and more efficient than anywhere else .
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality .
during his analysis of nineteenth-century cartographic techniques , he highlights the use of blank space to denote unknown or unexplored territory .
one theory suggests the name stems from a palatalised version of the mongolian and turkic word tenggis , meaning " ocean " , " oceanic " or " wide-spreading " .
dynamic equilibrium was first described by galileo who noticed that certain assumptions of aristotelian physics were contradicted by observations and logic .
in addition to the bubonic infection , others point to additional septicemic ( a type of " blood poisoning " ) and pneumonic ( an airborne plague that attacks the lungs before the rest of the body ) forms of the plague , which lengthen the duration of outbreaks throughout the seasons and help account for its high mortality rate and additional recorded symptoms .
thus the time required to solve a problem ( or the space required , or any measure of complexity ) is calculated as a function of the size of the instance .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
he distinguished between the innate tendency of objects to find their " natural place " ( e.g. , for heavy bodies to fall ) , which led to " natural motion " , and unnatural or forced motion , which required continued application of a force .
in the aftermath , montcalm and the indians under his command disagreed about the disposition of prisoners ' personal effects .
the first item of business on wednesdays is usually time for reflection , at which a speaker addresses members for up to four minutes , sharing a perspective on issues of faith .
victorian lines mainly use the 1,600 mm ( 5 ft 3 in ) broad gauge .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
contiguous land empires such as the russian or ottoman are generally excluded from discussions of colonialism .
the average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.21. in the city , the population was spread out with 23.9 % under the age of 18 , 10.5 % from 18 to 24 , 28.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.2 % from 45 to 64 , and 10.9 % who were 65 years of age or older .
there has been a resurgence in popular interest in tesla since the 1990s .
stage 1 is the first , or introductory stage of the bill , where the minister or member in charge of the bill will formally introduce it to parliament together with its accompanying documents – explanatory notes , a policy memorandum setting out the policy underlying the bill , and a financial memorandum setting out the costs and savings associated with it .
by connecting the same string multiple times to the same object through the use of a set-up that uses movable pulleys , the tension force on a load can be multiplied .
to classify the computation time ( or similar resources , such as space consumption ) , one is interested in proving upper and lower bounds on the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem .
the purportedly scientific nature of " social darwinism " and a theory of races formed a supposedly rational justification for imperialism .
from this standpoint , for any given amount of wealth in society , a society with more equality will have higher aggregate utility .
in 1529 , warsaw for the first time became the seat of the general sejm , permanent from 1569. in 1573 the city gave its name to the warsaw confederation , formally establishing religious freedom in the polish–lithuanian commonwealth .
the beroida , also known as nuda , have no feeding appendages , but their large pharynx , just inside the large mouth and filling most of the saclike body , bears " macrocilia " at the oral end .
major commerce during this era gave rise to favorable conditions for private southern chinese manufacturers and merchants .
however , most of hearst television 's 16 abc-affiliated stations transmit the network 's programming in 1080i hd , while 11 other affiliates owned by various companies carry the network feed in 480i standard definition either due to technical considerations for affiliates of other major networks that carry abc programming on a digital subchannel or because a primary feed abc affiliate has not yet upgraded their transmission equipment to allow content to be presented in hd .
he is also given credit for the introduction of the traditional mongolian script and the creation of the ikh zasag ( great administration ) , the first written mongolian law .
basic formal education starts at age six years and lasts 12 years comprising eight years in primary school and four years in high school or secondary school .
wild designed the impressive staircase that rises the full height of the building , made from cadeby stone the steps are 7 feet ( 2.1 m ) in length , the balustrades and columns are portland stone .
after the revocation of the edict of nantes , the dutch republic received the largest group of huguenot refugees , an estimated total of 75,000 to 100,000 people .
except in the smallest of boilers the steam escape has little effect on dampening the fire .
warsaw ( polish : warszawa [ varˈʂava ] ( listen ) ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship .
the most important of these was the swynnerton plan , which was used to both reward loyalists and punish mau mau .
fresno ( /ˈfrɛznoʊ/ frez-noh ) , the county seat of fresno county , is a city in the u.s. state of california .
the plague of 1649 probably reduced the population of seville by half .
successive projects encouraged the commercialisation of legumes , by stimulating the growth of local seed production and agro-dealer networks for distribution and marketing .
kublai khan promoted commercial , scientific , and cultural growth .
a member of davies ' team ( roger scantlebury ) met lawrence roberts at the 1967 acm symposium on operating system principles and suggested it for use in the arpanet .
despite that the warsaw university of technology building ( 1899–1902 ) is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture .
the concept of inertia can be further generalized to explain the tendency of objects to continue in many different forms of constant motion , even those that are not strictly constant velocity .
the committee recommended that the 7–4–2–3 system be changed to an 8–4–4 system ( eight years in primary , four years in secondary , and four years in university education ) .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
many of the series featured during the run of the block were produced by miller-boyett productions , a warner bros.-based studio that briefly programmed the entire friday lineup during the 1990–91 season ( with going places joining family matters , full house and perfect strangers on the " tgif " schedule ) and through its development deal with paramount television prior to 1986 ( as miller-milkis , and later , miller-milkis-boyett productions ) , had earlier produced happy days and its various spinoffs among other series for the network .
confirming it had reached its target , the broadcaster said its reach into 36 % of households in the uk represented an audience of more than 25m people .
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story .
musicians eric burdon , sting , mark knopfler , alan hull , cheryl cole and neil tennant lived in newcastle .
he insisted that , since forgiveness was god 's alone to grant , those who claimed that indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation were in error .
the disease bypassed some areas , and the most isolated areas were less vulnerable to contagion .
the service started on 1 september 1993 based on the idea from the then chief executive officer , sam chisholm and rupert murdoch , of converting the company business strategy to an entirely fee-based concept .
he insisted that , since forgiveness was god 's alone to grant , those who claimed that indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation were in error .
oxygen is the oxidant , not the fuel , but nevertheless the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion .
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma .
bolshevik leaders had effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire by 1921 , however with an internationalist ideology : lenin in particular asserted the right to limited self-determination for national minorities within the new territory .
it flows farther west , to rejoin the noord river into the nieuwe maas and to the north sea .
a member of davies ' team ( roger scantlebury ) met lawrence roberts at the 1967 acm symposium on operating system principles and suggested it for use in the arpanet .
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits .
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation .
he felt that colonies did not pay for themselves , that the german bureaucratic system would not work well in the tropics and the diplomatic disputes over colonies would distract germany from its central interest , europe itself .
:2–10:79 high-energy particle physics observations made during the 1970s and 1980s confirmed that the weak and electromagnetic forces are expressions of a more fundamental electroweak interaction .
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek .
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism .
its collection spans 5,000 years of art , from ancient times to the present day , from the cultures of europe , north america , asia and north africa .
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china .
many types of turing machines are used to define complexity classes , such as deterministic turing machines , probabilistic turing machines , non-deterministic turing machines , quantum turing machines , symmetric turing machines and alternating turing machines .
more than 26,000 square kilometres ( 10,000 sq mi ) of victorian farmland are sown for grain , mostly in the state 's west .
westinghouse also hired tesla for one year for the large fee of $ 2,000 ( $ 52,700 in today 's dollars ) per month to be a consultant at the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company 's pittsburgh labs .
as it approaches the dutch border , the rhine has an annual mean discharge of 2,290 m3/s ( 81,000 cu ft/s ) and an average width of 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) .
luther 's final journey , to mansfeld , was taken because of his concern for his siblings ' families continuing in their father hans luther 's copper mining trade .
the tenth series will introduce pearl mackie as bill , the doctor 's newest traveling companion .
founded in 1968 by the union of the methodist church ( usa ) and the evangelical united brethren church , the umc traces its roots back to the revival movement of john and charles wesley in england as well as the great awakening in the united states .
the 1971 film get carter was shot on location in and around newcastle and offers an opportunity to see what newcastle looked like in the 1960s and early 1970s .
during his stay at wartburg , which he referred to as " my patmos " , luther translated the new testament from greek into german and poured out doctrinal and polemical writings .
in contrast to images of frail catholic saints , luther was presented as a stout man with a " double chin , strong mouth , piercing deep-set eyes , fleshy face , and squat neck . "
gatherings of thousands of people on the banks of the vistula on midsummer ’ s night for a festival called wianki ( polish for wreaths ) have become a tradition and a yearly event in the programme of cultural events in warsaw .
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " .
chinese physicians were brought along military campaigns by the mongols as they expanded towards the west .
for instance , the biggest school chain , kunskapsskolan ( “ the knowledge school ” ) , offers 30 schools and a web-based environment , has 700 employees and teaches nearly 10,000 pupils .
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng .
known as the " great fire of 1901 " , it was one of the worst disasters in florida history and the largest urban fire in the southeastern united states .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
in late 1961 and early 1962 , members of the manned spacecraft center began to come around to support lor , including the newly hired deputy director of the office of manned space flight , joseph shea , who became a champion of lor .
percent of students in private high schools reached 11.1 % .
after the war started , tesla lost the funding he was receiving from his patents in european countries .
during excavations at lake turkana in 1984 , paleoanthropologist richard leakey assisted by kamoya kimeu discovered the turkana boy , a 1.6-million-year-old fossil belonging to homo erectus .
the apollo astronauts were chosen from the project mercury and gemini veterans , plus from two later astronaut groups .
its annual budget is greater than $ 2 million .
the first commercial steam-powered device was a water pump , developed in 1698 by thomas savery .
stephen kemble guided the theatre through many celebrated seasons .
the treaties limit free trade , to prioritise other values such as public health , consumer protection , labour rights , fair competition , and environmental improvement .
luther 's hymns were included in early lutheran hymnals and spread the ideas of the reformation .
his patented ac induction motor and transformer were licensed by george westinghouse , who also hired tesla for a short time as a consultant .
the walt disney company is also a part-owner of hulu ( as part of a consortium that includes , among other parties , the respective parent companies of nbc and fox , nbcuniversal and 21st century fox ) , and has offered full-length episodes of most of abc 's programming through the streaming service since july 6 , 2009 ( which are available for viewing on hulu 's website and mobile app ) , as part of an agreement reached in april that year that also allowed disney to acquire a 27 % ownership stake in hulu .
the greens , who won their first lower house seats in 2014 , are strongest in inner melbourne .
carotenoids in photosynthetic organisms ( and possibly also in animals ) play a major role in absorbing energy from singlet oxygen and converting it to the unexcited ground state before it can cause harm to tissues .
duty is the number of foot-pounds of work delivered by burning one bushel ( 94 pounds ) of coal .
appletalk included features that allowed local area networks to be established ad hoc without the requirement for a centralized router or server .
king david i of scotland , whose elder brother alexander i had married sybilla of normandy , was instrumental in introducing normans and norman culture to scotland , part of the process some scholars call the " davidian revolution " .
somewhere around a billion years ago , a free-living cyanobacterium entered an early eukaryotic cell , either as food or as an internal parasite , but managed to escape the phagocytic vacuole it was contained in .
after petitioning the british crown in 1697 for the right to own land in the baronies , they prospered as slave owners on the cooper , ashepoo , ashley and santee river plantations they purchased from the british landgrave edmund bellinger .
european union law also applies in territories where a member state is responsible for external relations , for example gibraltar and the åland islands .
when the double expansion group is duplicated , producing a 4-cylinder compound , the individual pistons within the group are usually balanced at 180° , the groups being set at 90° to each other .
the fso car factory was established in 1951. a number of vehicles have been assembled there over the decades , including the warszawa , syrena , fiat 125p ( under license from fiat , later renamed fso 125p when the license expired ) and the polonez .
tesla made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-world war i environment in a printed article , " science and discovery are the great forces which will lead to the consummation of the war " ( 20 december 1914 ) .
a third , minor subtype are the γδ t cells that recognize intact antigens that are not bound to mhc receptors .
several thousand major and non-major undergraduates enroll annually in creative and performing arts classes .
during this time , the discovery of oil in the north sea and the following " it 's scotland 's oil " campaign of the scottish national party ( snp ) resulted in rising support for scottish independence , as well as the snp .
by 1883 , engines that could provide 10,000 hp had become feasible .
cysteine is made in the chloroplast ( the proplastid too ) but it is also synthesized in the cytosol and mitochondria , probably because it has trouble crossing membranes to get to where it is needed .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
in education , teachers facilitate student learning , often in a school or academy or perhaps in another environment such as outdoors .
melanocytes ) into tumors called melanomas .
if a lawyer wishes to help a client overcome legal obstacles to securing her or his natural rights , he might , for instance , find that assisting in fabricating evidence or committing perjury is more effective than open disobedience .
while the military effectiveness of these " afghan arabs " was marginal , an estimated 16,000 to 35,000 muslim volunteers came from around the world came to fight in afghanistan .
telenet was the first fcc-licensed public data network in the united states .
in 1965 , at the instigation of warner sinback , a data network based on this voice-phone network was designed to connect ge 's four computer sales and service centers ( schenectady , phoenix , chicago , and phoenix ) to facilitate a computer time-sharing service , apparently the world 's first commercial online service .
their competitors will take advantage of the situation by offering a higher wage the best of their labor .
in the fall of 1949 , abc found itself in the position of an outsider , with less coverage than two of its competing networks , cbs and nbc , even though it was on par with them in some major cities and had a headstart over its third rival at the time , the dumont television network .
the annual status of education report ( aser ) , which evaluates learning levels in rural india , has been reporting poorer academic achievement in government schools than in private schools .
other than the campaigns to expel the acadians ( ranging around the bay of fundy , on the petitcodiac and st. john rivers , and île saint-jean ) , the only clashes of any size were at petitcodiac in 1755 and at bloody creek near annapolis royal in 1757 .
this meant that high tide formed a serious risk because strong tidal currents could tear huge areas of land into the sea .
on december 7 , 1965 , goldenson announced a merger proposal with itt to abc management ; the two companies agreed to the deal on april 27 , 1966. the fcc approved the merger on december 21 , 1966 ; however , the previous day ( december 20 ) , donald f. turner , head antitrust regulator for the united states department of justice , expressed doubts related to such issues as the emerging cable television market , and concerns over the journalistic integrity of abc and how it could be influenced by the overseas ownership of itt .
within the last 5–10 million years , this accumulating water broke through the purus arch , joining the easterly flow toward the atlantic .
the victorian constitution can be amended by the parliament of victoria , except for certain " entrenched " provisions that require either an absolute majority in both houses , a three-fifths majority in both houses , or the approval of the victorian people in a referendum , depending on the provision .
years before his death , genghis khan asked to be buried without markings , according to the customs of his tribe .
hollywood , a district within los angeles , is also a name associated with the motion picture industry .
the lunar module provided propulsion , electrical power and life support to get the crew home safely .
on june 21 , the french war party attacked the trading centre at pickawillany , capturing three traders and killing 14 people of the miami nation , including old briton .
the internet2 community , in partnership with qwest , built the first internet2 network , called abilene , in 1998 and was a prime investor in the national lambdarail ( nlr ) project .
furthermore , the yuan is sometimes known as the " empire of the great khan " or " khanate of the great khan " , which particularly appeared on some yuan maps , since yuan emperors held the nominal title of great khan .
the teacher may interact with students of different ages , from infants to adults , students with different abilities and students with learning disabilities .
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation .
tesla considered the winter of 1886/1887 as a time of " terrible headaches and bitter tears . "
for example , while diatoms ( a heterokontophyte ) now have a red algal derived chloroplast , the presence of many green algal genes in the diatom nucleus provide evidence that the diatom ancestor ( probably the ancestor of all chromalveolates too ) had a green algal derived chloroplast at some point , which was subsequently replaced by the red chloroplast .
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice .
st cuthbert 's high school and sacred heart are the two primary state-catholic run high schools , and are both achieving results on par with the independent schools in newcastle .
in 1640 pierre de fermat stated ( without proof ) fermat 's little theorem ( later proved by leibniz and euler ) .
texas has the largest number of members , with about 1 million .
in the first half of the 17th century , a plague claimed some 1.7 million victims in italy , or about 14 % of the population .
in the church of england 's calendar of saints he is commemorated on 31 october .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
those pharmacists are often referred to as clinical pharmacists and they often specialize in various disciplines of pharmacy .
the bbc believed that many viewers had missed this introduction to a new series due to the coverage of the assassination , as well as a series of power blackouts across the country , and they broadcast it again on 30 november 1963 , just before episode two .
that is , they impart magnetic character to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field , because of the spin magnetic moments of the unpaired electrons in the molecule , and the negative exchange energy between neighboring o 2 molecules .
the principle of proportionality is also recognised in article 5 of the ec treaty , stating that " any action by the community shall not go beyond what is necessary to achieve the objectives of this treaty " .
the world watched annan and his un-backed panel and african union chairman jakaya kikwete as they brought together the former rivals to the signing ceremony , beamed live on national tv from the steps of nairobi 's harambee house .
newcastlegateshead was voted in 2006 as the arts capital of the uk in a survey conducted by the artsworld tv channel .
however , alternative approaches for primary education do exist .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
islamists were considered by western governments bulwarks against—what were thought to be at the time—more dangerous leftist/communist/nationalist insurgents/opposition , which islamists were correctly seen as opposing .
ironmaster , metallurgist , and member of parliament isaac lowthian bell was born in the city in 1816. other notable people born in or associated with newcastle include : engineer and industrialist lord armstrong , engineer and father of the modern steam railways george stephenson , his son , also an engineer , robert stephenson , engineer and inventor of the steam turbine sir charles parsons , inventor of the incandescent light bulb sir joseph swan , modernist poet basil bunting , and lord chief justice peter taylor .
it became known as the german te deum .
the final major evolution of the steam engine design was the use of steam turbines starting in the late part of the 19th century .
this produces a catalytic cascade that amplifies the initial signal by controlled positive feedback .
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns .
[ citation needed ] industry and manufacturing is the smallest sector , accounting for 16 % of gdp .
the uk had traditionally been an ally of israel , and harold wilson 's government supported the israelis during the six-day war .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
after some searching , it was discovered that the boat carrying his sister and his fiancée berengaria was anchored on the south coast of cyprus , together with the wrecks of several other ships , including the treasure ship .
after the revocation of the edict of nantes , the dutch republic received the largest group of huguenot refugees , an estimated total of 75,000 to 100,000 people .
the block of west end avenue housing the abc news building was renamed peter jennings way in 2006 in honor of the recently deceased longtime abc news chief anchor and anchor of world news tonight .
the basic pay for a starting teacher is €27,814 p.a. , rising incrementally to €53,423 for a teacher with 25 years service .
the presiding officer ( or deputy presiding officer ) decides who speaks in chamber debates and the amount of time for which they are allowed to speak .
north american aviation won the contract to build the csm , and also the second stage of the saturn v launch vehicle for nasa .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
in official chinese histories , the yuan dynasty bore the mandate of heaven , following the song dynasty and preceding the ming dynasty .
chloroplasts can not be made by the plant cell and must be inherited by each daughter cell during cell division .
t-cells have a symbiotic relationship with vitamin d. not only does the t-cell extend a vitamin d receptor , in essence asking to bind to the steroid hormone version of vitamin d , calcitriol , but the t-cell expresses the gene cyp27b1 , which is the gene responsible for converting the pre-hormone version of vitamin d , calcidiol into the steroid hormone version , calcitriol .
in 1873 , tesla returned to his birthtown , smiljan .
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney .
due to the coming together of painting , poetry , and calligraphy at this time many of the artists practicing these different pursuits were the same individuals , though perhaps more famed for one area of their achievements than others .
however , the cryptophyte is not an endosymbiont—only the chloroplast seems to have been taken , and the chloroplast has been stripped of its nucleomorph and outermost two membranes , leaving just a two-membraned chloroplast .
early ties were already visible in the " apologie " of william the silent , condemning the spanish inquisition , which was written by his court minister , the huguenot pierre l'oyseleur , lord of villiers .
a 2012 article placed this childhood juxtaposition of fear and thrill " at the center of many people 's relationship with the show " , and a 2011 online vote at digital spy deemed the series the " scariest tv show of all time " .
opec soon lost its preeminent position , and in 1981 , its production was surpassed by that of other countries .
bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts are in dvb-compliant mpeg-2 , with the sky movies and sky box office channels including optional dolby digital soundtracks for recent films , although these are only accessible with a sky+ box .
on 7 january 1900 , tesla left colorado springs .
roman catholic theology stated that faith alone , whether fiduciary or dogmatic , can not justify man ; justification rather depends only on such faith as is active in charity and good works ( fides caritate formata ) .
the results of the haensch study have since been confirmed and amended .
in 1900 , the los angeles times defined southern california as including " the seven counties of los angeles , san bernardino , orange , riverside , san diego , ventura and santa barbara . "
the presence of the mortgage banker is highly likely , even in relatively small projects since the owner 's equity in the property is the most obvious source of funding for a building project .
jon culshaw frequently impersonates the fourth doctor in the bbc dead ringers series .
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) .
in the 2012 spring quarter , international students comprised almost 19 % of the overall study body , over 26 % of students were domestic ethnic minorities , and about 44 % of enrolled students were female .
in 1928 , tesla received his last patent , u.s. patent 1,655,114 , for a biplane capable of taking off vertically ( vtol aircraft ) and then be " gradually tilted through manipulation of the elevator devices " in flight until it was flying like a conventional plane .
later the american makers introduced their domestic replacements ( ford ranger , dodge dakota and the chevrolet s10/gmc s-15 ) , ending their captive import policy .
continual motion along the fault maintains the topographic gradient in spite of the movement of sediment , and continues to create accommodation space for the material to deposit .
kublai besieged xiangyang between 1268 and 1273 , the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich yangzi river basin .
in 1501 , at the age of 19 , he entered the university of erfurt , which he later described as a beerhouse and whorehouse .
most of these events are centred on melbourne , but others occur in regional cities , such as the v8 supercars and australian motorcycle grand prix at phillip island , the grand annual steeplechase at warrnambool and the australian international airshow at geelong and numerous local festivals such as the popular port fairy folk festival , queenscliff music festival , bells beach surfclassic and the bright autumn festival .
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent .
a further type of committee is normally set up to scrutinise private bills submitted to the scottish parliament by an outside party or promoter who is not a member of the scottish parliament or scottish government .
neutrophils are normally found in the bloodstream and are the most abundant type of phagocyte , normally representing 50 % to 60 % of the total circulating leukocytes .
it is recognised that an epidemiological account of the plague is as important as an identification of symptoms , but researchers are hampered by the lack of reliable statistics from this period .
due to its central location between the commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596. in the following years the town expanded towards the suburbs .
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan .
in addition to supplying these drugs , specialty pharmacies also provide lab monitoring , adherence counseling , and assist patients with cost-containment strategies needed to obtain their expensive specialty drugs .
starting in 1934 , the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company began paying tesla $ 125 per month as well as paying his rent at the hotel new yorker , expenses the company would pay for the rest of tesla 's life .
hayri abaza argues the failure to distinguish between islam and islamism leads many in the west to support illiberal islamic regimes , to the detriment of progressive moderates who seek to separate religion from politics .
classes like ip and am are defined using interactive proof systems .
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) of building material per hour as of january 2013 [ update ] , with the next-generation printers capable of 3.5 metres ( 11 ft ) per hour , sufficient to complete a building in a week .
there are many concepts of teachers in islam , ranging from mullahs ( the teachers at madrassas ) to ulemas , who teach of the laws of islam for the proper way of islamic living according to the sunnah and ahadith , and can render legal verdicts upon matters of islamic law in accordance with the teaching of one of the four schools of jurisprudence .
this parish continues today as l'eglise du saint-esprit , part of the episcopal ( anglican ) communion , and welcomes francophone new yorkers from all over the world .
they predict that under a " business as usual " ( bau ) scenario , global mean temperature will increase by about 0.3 °c per decade during the [ 21st ] century .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl .
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) .
to better illustrate this idea , bassett focuses his analysis of the role of nineteenth-century maps during the " scramble for africa " .
the average fee is around €5,000 annually for most schools , but some of these schools also provide boarding and the fees may then rise up to €25,000 per year .
the agreements include fixed annual carriage fees of £30m for the channels with both channel suppliers able to secure additional capped payments if their channels meet certain performance-related targets .
a french church in portarlington dates back to 1696 , and was built to serve the significant new huguenot community in the town .
the french crown 's refusal to allow non-catholics to settle in new france may help to explain that colony 's slow rate of population growth compared to that of the neighbouring british colonies , which opened settlement to religious dissenters .
viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901 , with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by walter reed .
they estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by differences in the amount of inequality in each province or state .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
conversely , education raises incomes and promotes growth because it helps to unleash the productive potential of the poor .
warfare and the long occupation left the city disrupted after the war .
luther wrote " aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir " ( " from depths of woe i cry to you " ) in 1523 as a hymnic version of psalm 130 and sent it as a sample to encourage evangelical colleagues to write psalm-hymns for use in german worship .
[ citation needed ] a group of huguenots was part of the french colonisers who arrived in brazil in 1555 to found france antarctique .
in july 1968 , abc radio launched a special programming project for its fm stations , which was spearheaded by allen shaw , a former program manager at wcfl in chicago who was approached by abc radio president harold l. neal to develop a format to compete with the new progressive rock and dj-helmed stations .
the ruhr , which joins the rhine in duisburg , is nowadays a clean river , thanks to a combination of stricter environmental controls , a transition from heavy industry to light industry and cleanup measures , such as the reforestation of slag and brownfields .
nuclear-powered ships and submarines either use a steam turbine directly for main propulsion , with generators providing auxiliary power , or else employ turbo-electric transmission , where the steam drives a turbo generator set with propulsion provided by electric motors .
in early 1938 , tesla was able to get up .
the chinese-style elements of the bureaucracy mainly came from the native tang , song , as well as khitan liao and jurchen jin dynasties .
during his third year , tesla gambled away his allowance and his tuition money , later gambling back his initial losses and returning the balance to his family .
by far the most famous work of norman art is the bayeux tapestry , which is not a tapestry but a work of embroidery .
no plans were announced regarding the recognition of harvey martin , co-mvp of super bowl xii , who died in 2001 .
each sitting day , normally at 5 pm , msps decide on all the motions and amendments that have been moved that day .
approximately 1,000 british soldiers were killed or injured .
coastal species need to be tough enough to withstand waves and swirling sediment particles , while some oceanic species are so fragile that it is very difficult to capture them intact for study .
however , the university did eventually reduce its south african holdings by $ 230 million ( out of $ 400 million ) in response to the pressure .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
the competition resulted in edison machine works pursuing ac development in 1890 and by 1892 thomas edison was no longer in control of his own company , which was consolidated into the conglomerate general electric and converting to an ac delivery system at that point .
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching .
formed in november 1990 by the equal merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting , bskyb became the uk 's largest digital subscription television company .
in 1064 , during the war of barbastro , william of montreuil led the papal army and took a huge booty .
the university of warsaw was established in 1816 , when the partitions of poland separated warsaw from the oldest and most influential polish academic center , in kraków .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
in 1990 , thomas s. murphy delegated his position as president to daniel b. burke while remaining abc 's chairman and ceo .
perhaps the most significant difference between primary school and secondary school teaching is the relationship between teachers and children .
his words , through divine mercy , are bringing back every day misguided people into the way of the truth . "
lindisfarne are a folk-rock group with a strong tyneside connection .
most went to cuba , including the entire governmental records from st. augustine , although some christianized yamasee were resettled to the coast of mexico .
the third law means that all forces are interactions between different bodies , [ note 3 ] and thus that there is no such thing as a unidirectional force or a force that acts on only one body .
a computer system called modes cataloging system was used from the 1980s to the 1990s , but those electronic files were not available to the library users .
however , there is no evidence of this , or of the lifting of discriminatory policies towards sedentary peoples such as the chinese .
within two weeks , copies of the theses had spread throughout germany ; within two months , they had spread throughout europe .
sir charles lyell first published his famous book , principles of geology , in 1830. this book , which influenced the thought of charles darwin , successfully promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism .
by 1948 most of the collections had been returned to the museum .
also on loan to the museum , from her majesty the queen elizabeth ii , are the raphael cartoons : the seven surviving ( there were ten ) full scale designs for tapestries in the sistine chapel , of the lives of peter and paul from the gospels and the acts of the apostles .
when there is a choice between several appropriate measures the least onerous must be adopted , and any disadvantage caused must not be disproportionate to the aims pursued .
during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict , the iranian government enjoyed something of a resurgence in popularity amongst the predominantly sunni " arab street , " due to its support for hezbollah and to president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's vehement opposition to the united states and his call that israel shall vanish .
most british colonies mustered local militia companies , generally ill trained and available only for short periods , to deal with native threats , but did not have any standing forces .
the world population as a whole did not recover to pre-plague levels until the 17th century .
often in terms of the further development of landscape painting as well as the classical joining together of the arts of painting , poetry , and calligraphy , the song dynasty and the yuan dynasty are linked together .
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac .
to the south and with a population of 1,307,402 is san diego , the second most populous city in the state and the eighth most populous in the nation .
unlike cydippids , the movements of lobates ' combs are coordinated by nerves rather than by water disturbances created by the cilia , yet combs on the same row beat in the same mexican wave style as the mechanically coordinated comb rows of cydippids and beroids .
jin had captured power by displacing khitan .
ribonucleases and the rna interference pathway are conserved across all eukaryotes , and are thought to play a role in the immune response to viruses .
in the early 1970s , michael eisner , who joined abc in 1966 , became the network 's program development manager .
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union .
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) .
when the script was presented to newman and wilson it was immediately rejected as the programme was not permitted to contain any " bug-eyed monsters " .
[ verification needed ] bismarck was aware that public opinion had started to demand colonies for reasons of german prestige .
while many commute to l.a. and orange counties , there are some differences in development , as most of san bernardino and riverside counties ( the non-desert portions ) were developed in the 1980s and 1990s .
likewise the tower above the main entrance has an open work crown surmounted by a statue of fame , a feature of late gothic architecture and a feature common in scotland , but the detail is classical .
the programme has replaced all ticket machines and introduced ticket gates at the busiest stations - part of the transition to smart ticketing .
using handheld gps devices and programs like google earth , members of the trio tribe , who live in the rainforests of southern suriname , map out their ancestral lands to help strengthen their territorial claims .
the system limited the price of " old oil " ( that which had already been discovered ) while allowing newly discovered oil to be sold at a higher price to encourage investment .
a spark in the teacher may create a spark of excitement in the student as well .
deforestation is the conversion of forested areas to non-forested areas .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
mean monthly temperatures range from around 53 f in january to 82 f in july .
more powerful extensions of the fermat primality test , such as the baillie-psw , miller-rabin , and solovay-strassen tests , are guaranteed to fail at least some of the time when applied to a composite number .
in 1830 , the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church over the issue of laity having a voice and vote in the administration of the church , insisting that clergy should not be the only ones to have any determination in how the church was to be operated .
under conditions such as high atmospheric co2 concentrations , these starch grains may grow very large , distorting the grana and thylakoids .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable .
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness .
the third division under genghis khan and tolui marched to the northwest and attacked khwarzemia from that direction .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
it concludes that the forest is on the brink of being turned into savanna or desert , with catastrophic consequences for the world 's climate .
it is much more reactive towards common organic molecules than is molecular oxygen per se .
he taught that true repentance does not involve self-inflicted penances and punishments but rather a change of heart .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
an unsuccessful naval expedition was undertaken against japan in 1274. kublai captured the song capital of hangzhou in 1276 , the wealthiest city of china .
various princes of the holy land arrived in limassol at the same time , in particular guy de lusignan .
a fine tribute to the fall of warsaw and history of poland can be found in the warsaw uprising museum and in the katyń museum which preserves the memory of the crime .
a pharmacy technician once qualified has to register as a professional on the general pharmaceutical council ( gphc ) register .
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity .
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water .
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated .
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
however , the distribution of primes , that is to say , the statistical behaviour of primes in the large , can be modelled .
when guglielmo marconi made his famous first-ever transatlantic radio transmission in 1901 , tesla quipped that it was done with 17 tesla patents , though there is little to support this claim .
if we allow polynomial variations in running time , cobham-edmonds thesis states that " the time complexities in any two reasonable and general models of computation are polynomially related " ( goldreich 2008 , chapter 1.2 ) .
in a salary survey report for k-12 teachers , elementary school teachers had the lowest median salary earning $ 39,259 .
the current mandatory committees in the fourth session of the scottish parliament are : public audit ; equal opportunities ; european and external relations ; finance ; public petitions ; standards , procedures and public appointments ; and delegated powers and law reform .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
in 1215 genghis besieged , captured , and sacked the jin capital of zhongdu ( modern-day beijing ) .
central business districts ( cbd ) include downtown los angeles , downtown san diego , downtown san bernardino , downtown bakersfield , south coast metro and downtown riverside .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
now at a strong second place , the network entered the 1990s with additional family-friendly hits including america 's funniest home videos ( which has gone on to become the longest-running prime time entertainment program in the network 's history ) , step by step , hangin ' with mr. cooper , boy meets world and perfect strangers spinoff family matters , as well as series such as doogie howser , m.d. , life goes on , cult favorite twin peaks and the commish .
this is designated as a " design build " contract where the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction , while adhering to the performance specifications .
their descendants in many families continued to use french first names and surnames for their children well into the nineteenth century .
this is in front of the bronze doors leading to the refreshment rooms , a central path flanked by lawns leads to the sculpture gallery ; the north , east and west sides have herbaceous borders along the museum walls with paths in front which continues along the south façade ; in the two corners by the north façade there is planted an american sweetgum tree ; the southern , eastern and western edges of the lawns have glass planters which contain orange and lemon trees in summer , these are replaced by bay trees in winter .
genghis khan is credited with bringing the silk road under one cohesive political environment .
positive reinforcement is balanced with immediate and fair punishment for misbehavior and firm , clear boundaries define what is appropriate and inappropriate behavior .
last year , 121,200 tonnes of pears and 270,000 tonnes of tomatoes were produced .
there are many differences between the teachers for elementary schools ( grundschule ) , lower secondary schools ( hauptschule ) , middle level secondary schools ( realschule ) and higher level secondary schools ( gymnasium ) .
government regulations have given private education more flexibility and autonomy in recent years , notably by lifting the moratorium on applications for new courses , new schools and conversions , by liberalizing tuition fee policy for private schools , by replacing values education for third and fourth years with english , mathematics and natural science at the option of the school , and by issuing the revised manual of regulations for private schools in august 1992 .
another motive for the large scale purchase of arms from the us by saudi arabia was the failure of the shah during january 1979 to maintain control of iran , a non-arabic but largely shiite muslim nation , which fell to a theocratic islamist government under the ayatollah ruhollah khomeini in the wake of the 1979 iranian revolution .
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 .
however , during the 2004–05 season , the network experienced unexpected success with new series such as desperate housewives , lost and grey 's anatomy as well as reality series dancing with the stars , which helped abc rise to second place , jumping ahead of cbs , but behind a surging fox .
by the 1880s , the machine gun had become an effective battlefield weapon .
such self-interest directly conflicts with the patient 's interest in obtaining cost-effective medication and avoiding the unnecessary use of medication that may have side-effects .
the availability of the bible in vernacular languages was important to the spread of the protestant movement and development of the reformed church in france .
brownlee notes that " although civil disobedients are constrained in their use of coercion by their conscientious aim to engage in moral dialogue , nevertheless they may find it necessary to employ limited coercion in order to get their issue onto the table . "
uninterested in administration , they were separated from both the army and the populace , and china was torn by dissension and unrest .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute .
by the first millennium ad , the bantu expansion had reached the area from west-central africa .
the region spans from pacific ocean islands , shorelines , beaches , and coastal plains , through the transverse and peninsular ranges with their peaks , into the large and small interior valleys , to the vast deserts of california .
preparatory schools in the uk prepare pupils aged up to 13 years old to enter public schools .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) .
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas .
in february 1979 , abc sold its recording division to mca inc. for $ 20 million ; the label was discontinued by march 5 of that year , and all of its 300 employees were laid off ( the rights to the works of abc records and all of mca 's other labels have since been acquired by universal music group ) .
in addition , there is a large hindu population in kenya ( around 300,000 ) , who have played a key role in the local economy ; they are mostly of indian origin .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
the main sources of primary law are the treaties establishing the european union .
multiple circumnavigator david scott cowper , nobel prize winning physicist peter higgs , and former wwe nxt champion neville were born in the city .
for example , in extended fluids , differences in pressure result in forces being directed along the pressure gradients as follows :
confirming it had reached its target , the broadcaster said its reach into 36 % of households in the uk represented an audience of more than 25m people .
certain arithmetic questions related to q or more general global fields may be transferred back and forth to the completed ( or local ) fields .
cyanobacteria also contain a peptidoglycan cell wall , which is thicker than in other gram-negative bacteria , and which is located between their two cell membranes .
even before the edict of alès ( 1629 ) , protestant rule was dead and the ville de sûreté was no more .
bskyb utilises the videoguard pay-tv scrambling system owned by nds , a cisco systems company .
the first huguenot to arrive at the cape of good hope was however maria de la queillerie , wife of commander jan van riebeeck ( and daughter of a walloon church minister ) , who arrived on 6 april 1652 to establish a settlement at what is today cape town .
the emphasis on spiritual mentorship in the lds church is similar to that in the more " low-church " traditions of protestantism , with a stronger emphasis placed on the husband and father of a family to provide spiritual guidance for all of his family , ideally in consultation with his wife , even if the husband is not a member of the lds church , based on interpretatios of certain biblical texts which proclaim the spiritual authority of husbands in marriage .
many of these liturgies are derived from the anglican tradition 's book of common prayer .
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
then after an incompletion , thomas davis tackled anderson for a 1-yard gain on third down , forcing denver to settle for a 3–0 lead on a brandon mcmanus 34-yard field goal .
abc purchased sports programs , inc. in exchange for shares in the company , leading it to become the future core of abc sports , with arledge as the executive producer of that division 's shows .
with a budget of $ 230,000 , the surviving original lunar broadcast data from apollo 11 was compiled by nafzger and assigned to lowry digital for restoration .
in 1516 , johann tetzel , a dominican friar and papal commissioner for indulgences , was sent to germany by the roman catholic church to sell indulgences to raise money to rebuild st. peter 's basilica in rome .
he was the second-oldest son of his father yesügei , a khamag mongol 's major chief of the kiyad and an ally of toghrul khan of the keraite tribe , and the oldest son of his mother hoelun .
art from thailand , burma , cambodia , indonesia and sri lanka in gold , silver , bronze , stone , terracotta and ivory represents these rich and complex cultures , the displays span the 6th to 19th centuries .
what we now call gravity was not identified as a universal force until the work of isaac newton .
conversely , non-self molecules are those recognized as foreign molecules .
even though some proofs of complexity-theoretic theorems regularly assume some concrete choice of input encoding , one tries to keep the discussion abstract enough to be independent of the choice of encoding .
on 13 june 1525 , the couple was engaged with johannes bugenhagen , justus jonas , johannes apel , philipp melanchthon and lucas cranach the elder and his wife as witnesses .
victoria 's highest maximum temperature since world war ii , of 48.8 °c ( 119.8 °f ) was recorded in hopetoun on 7 february 2009 , during the 2009 southeastern australia heat wave .
in the early 1970s , jon pertwee , who had played the third doctor , recorded a version of the doctor who theme with spoken lyrics , titled , " who is the doctor " .
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " .
likewise , a protestor who attempts to escape punishment by committing the crime covertly and avoiding attribution , or by denying having committed the crime , or by fleeing the jurisdiction , is generally viewed as not being a civil disobedient .
unfortunately , he arrived too late to enroll at charles-ferdinand university ; he never studied greek , a required subject ; and he was illiterate in czech , another required subject .
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 .
during this period the university , like shimer college and 10 others , adopted an early entrant program that allowed very young students to attend college ; in addition , students enrolled at shimer were enabled to transfer automatically to the university of chicago after their second year , having taken comparable or identical examinations and courses .
this imagery has been in use since at least the mid-14th century .
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach .
the historian francis aidan gasquet wrote about the 'great pestilence ' in 1893 and suggested that " it would appear to be some form of the ordinary eastern or bubonic plague " .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
sky picked up the remaining four for £1.3bn .
the standard model predicts that exchanged particles called gauge bosons are the fundamental means by which forces are emitted and absorbed .
the three sources of european union law are primary law , secondary law and supplementary law .
will wilkinson of the libertarian cato institute states that " the weight of the evidence shows that the run-up in consumption inequality has been considerably less dramatic than the rise in income inequality , " and consumption is more important than income .
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing .
han chinese were moved to central asian areas like besh baliq , almaliq , and samarqand by the mongols where they worked as artisans and farmers .
the colonization of india in the mid-18th century offers an example of this focus : there , the " british exploited the political weakness of the mughal state , and , while military activity was important at various times , the economic and administrative incorporation of local elites was also of crucial significance " for the establishment of control over the subcontinent 's resources , markets , and manpower .
in normal green chloroplasts , the vast majority of plastoglobuli occur singularly , attached directly to their parent thylakoid .
it is believed that the civilization was later devastated by the spread of diseases from europe , such as smallpox .
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
typically each committee corresponds with one ( or more ) of the departments ( or ministries ) of the scottish government .
in a 2003 case , commission v italy italian law required that cocoa products that included other vegetable fats could not be labelled as " chocolate " .
the establishment of the german colonial empire proceeded smoothly , starting with german new guinea in 1884 .
among those were evidence of roads , bridges and large plazas .
the rousing success of happy days also led to a successful spin-off series , laverne & shirley , which debuted in 1976. charlie 's angels and three 's company ( which debuted in 1977 ) were two prime examples of a trend among the major networks during the 1970s known as " jiggle tv " , featuring attractive , often buxom , women in main and guest roles .
nasa awarded all 32 of these astronauts its highest honor , the distinguished service medal , given for " distinguished service , ability , or courage " , and personal " contribution representing substantial progress to the nasa mission " .
when the committee for non-violent action sponsored a protest in august 1957 , at the camp mercury nuclear test site near las vegas , nevada , 13 of the protesters attempted to enter the test site knowing that they faced arrest .
the present mediterranean sea descends from this somewhat larger tethys sea .
however , the cryptophyte is not an endosymbiont—only the chloroplast seems to have been taken , and the chloroplast has been stripped of its nucleomorph and outermost two membranes , leaving just a two-membraned chloroplast .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
the national science foundation network ( nsfnet ) was a program of coordinated , evolving projects sponsored by the national science foundation ( nsf ) beginning in 1985 to promote advanced research and education networking in the united states .
unlike confirmation and profession of faith , baptism is a sacrament in the umc .
islamism , also known as political islam ( arabic : إسلام سياسي‎ islām siyāsī ) , is an islamic revival movement often characterized by moral conservatism , literalism , and the attempt " to implement islamic values in all spheres of life . "
the centre currently realizes about 500 projects a year .
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class .
following the merger of harvard and radcliffe admissions in 1977 , the proportion of female undergraduates steadily increased , mirroring a trend throughout higher education in the united states .
warsaw 's economy , by a wide variety of industries , is characterised by fmcg manufacturing , metal processing , steel and electronic manufacturing and food processing .
at a meeting in albany in december 1755 , he laid out his plans for 1756. in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec .
secondly , aspirational consumption describes the process of middle income earners aspiring to achieve the standards of living enjoyed by their wealthier counterparts and one method of achieving this aspiration is by taking on debt .
this is not a problem except for patients on mechanical ventilators , since gas supplied through oxygen masks in medical applications is typically composed of only 30 % –50 % o 2 by volume ( about 30 kpa at standard pressure ) .
while the existence of these central government departments and the six ministries ( which had been introduced since the sui and tang dynasties ) gave a sinicized image in the yuan administration , the actual functions of these ministries also reflected how mongolian priorities and policies reshaped and redirected those institutions .
los angeles ( at 3.7 million people ) and san diego ( at 1.3 million people ) , both in southern california , are the two largest cities in all of california ( and two of the eight largest cities in the united states ) .
the megaregion 's area is more expansive , extending east into las vegas , nevada , and south across the mexican border into tijuana .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
jacques legardeur de saint-pierre , who succeeded marin as commander of the french forces after the latter died on october 29 , invited washington to dine with him .
an increase in imported cars into north america forced general motors , ford and chrysler to introduce smaller and fuel-efficient models for domestic sales .
at a meeting of the us house committee on science and astronautics one day after gagarin 's flight , many congressmen pledged their support for a crash program aimed at ensuring that america would catch up .
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity .
i feel i did the right thing by violating this particular law ; i am guilty as charged , " but that pleading not guilty sends a message of , " guilt implies wrong-doing .
the owner selects the ideas he or she likes best and hires the appropriate contractor .
the genoese traders fled , taking the plague by ship into sicily and the south of europe , whence it spread north .
the motion picture , television , and music industry is centered on the los angeles in southern california .
nonetheless , worldvision sold portions of its catalog , including the ruby-spears and hanna-barbera libraries , to turner broadcasting system in 1990. with disney 's 1996 purchase of abc , abc circle films was absorbed into touchstone television , a disney subsidiary which in turn was renamed abc studios in 2007 .
the date of the poll may be varied by up to one month either way by the monarch on the proposal of the presiding officer .
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north .
she gave birth to a son , jochi ( 1185–1226 ) , nine months later , clouding the issue of his parentage .
this gives a theoretical carnot efficiency of about 63 % compared with an actual efficiency of 42 % for a modern coal-fired power station .
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . )
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) .
in 2006 , internet2 announced a partnership with level 3 communications to launch a brand new nationwide network , boosting its capacity from 10 gbit/s to 100 gbit/s .
the final choice of lunar orbit rendezvous changed the csm 's role to the translunar ferry used to transport the crew , along with a new spacecraft , the lunar excursion module ( lem , later shortened to lunar module , lm ) which would take two men to the lunar surface and return them to the csm .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
the city leaders opened the gates to the mongols , though a unit of turkish defenders held the city 's citadel for another twelve days .
some modern scholars , such as fielding h. garrison , are of the opinion that the origin of the science of geology can be traced to persia after the muslim conquests had come to an end .
typical speeds are 3600 revolutions per minute ( rpm ) in the usa with 60 hertz power , 3000 rpm in europe and other countries with 50 hertz electric power systems .
the right to create private schools in germany is in article 7 , paragraph 4 of the grundgesetz and can not be suspended even in a state of emergency .
however , malnutrition is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries .
from december 1539 , luther became implicated in the bigamy of philip i , landgrave of hesse , who wanted to marry one of his wife 's ladies-in-waiting .
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size .
one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions shows that the amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of severely reduced rainfall and increased temperatures , leading to an almost complete loss of rainforest cover in the basin by 2100. however , simulations of amazon basin climate change across many different models are not consistent in their estimation of any rainfall response , ranging from weak increases to strong decreases .
this state should be a " theo-democracy , " based on the principles of : tawhid ( unity of god ) , risala ( prophethood ) and khilafa ( caliphate ) .
the researcher used a combination of synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) and thematic mapper ( tm ) to accurately place the different portions of the amazon into one of the four classifications .
as well as the proposer , other members normally contribute to the debate .
glaucophyte chloroplasts also contain concentric unstacked thylakoids , which surround a carboxysome - an icosahedral structure that glaucophyte chloroplasts and cyanobacteria keep their carbon fixation enzyme rubisco in .
breast milk or colostrum also contains antibodies that are transferred to the gut of the infant and protect against bacterial infections until the newborn can synthesize its own antibodies .
as an incentive for absolute obedience and following his rule of law , the yassa code , temüjin promised civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils .
the element is found in almost all biomolecules that are important to ( or generated by ) life .
jacksonville consolidation , led by j. j. daniel and claude yates , began to win more support during this period , from both inner city blacks , who wanted more involvement in government , and whites in the suburbs , who wanted more services and more control over the central city .
hospital pharmacies can often be found within the premises of the hospital .
state route 41 ( yosemite freeway/eisenhower freeway ) comes into fresno from atascadero in the south , and then heads north to yosemite .
in 1644 the city was then besieged for many months and was eventually stormed ( 'with roaring drummes ' ) and sacked by cromwell 's allies .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
in cases where the criminalized behavior is pure speech , civil disobedience can consist simply of engaging in the forbidden speech .
there are two major bus stations in the city : haymarket bus station and eldon square bus station .
with its benches , flower carpets , a pond with ducks on and a playground for kids , the krasiński palace garden is a popular strolling destination for the varsovians .
a horizontal force pointing northeast can therefore be split into two forces , one pointing north , and one pointing east .
the 1983 20th anniversary special the five doctors had its début on 23 november ( the actual date of the anniversary ) on a number of pbs stations two days prior to its bbc one broadcast .
some community pharmacies employ consultant pharmacists and/or provide consulting services .
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force .
they also lost super bowl xxi when they wore white jerseys , but they are 0-4 in super bowls when wearing orange jerseys , losing in super bowl xii , xxii , xxiv , and xlviii .
following the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event , the extinction of the dinosaurs and the wetter climate may have allowed the tropical rainforest to spread out across the continent .
temüjin hastily gathered together his followers to defend against the attack , but he was decisively beaten in the battle of dalan balzhut .
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states .
in recent years the characteristic that has strongly correlated with health in developed countries is income inequality .
both before and after the 1708 passage of the foreign protestants naturalization act , an estimated 50,000 protestant walloons and huguenots fled to england , with many moving on to ireland and elsewhere .
similar inverted repeats exist in the genomes of cyanobacteria and the other two chloroplast lineages ( glaucophyta and rhodophyceæ ) , suggesting that they predate the chloroplast , though some chloroplast dnas have since lost or flipped the inverted repeats ( making them direct repeats ) .
any member can put their name forward to be first minister , and a vote is taken by all members of parliament .
in 1501 , at the age of 19 , he entered the university of erfurt , which he later described as a beerhouse and whorehouse .
more recently , in january 2015 , oxfam reported that the wealthiest 1 percent will own more than half of the global wealth by 2016. an october 2014 study by credit suisse also claims that the top 1 % now own nearly half of the world 's wealth and that the accelerating disparity could trigger a recession .
inflammation is produced by eicosanoids and cytokines , which are released by injured or infected cells .
formal teaching may be carried out by paid professionals .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
many of the farms in the western cape province in south africa still bear french names .
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 .
the only other afc champion team to have worn white as the designated home team in the super bowl was the pittsburgh steelers ; they defeated the seattle seahawks 21–10 in super bowl xl 10 seasons prior .
clinical pharmacists often collaborate with physicians and other healthcare professionals to improve pharmaceutical care .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
these mechanisms include phagocytosis , antimicrobial peptides called defensins , and the complement system .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
after malaysia 's independence in 1957 , the government instructed all schools to surrender their properties and be assimilated into the national school system .
this observation means that the force of gravity on an object at the earth 's surface is directly proportional to the object 's mass .
however , the american medical association ( ama ) code of ethics provides that physicians may dispense drugs within their office practices as long as there is no patient exploitation and patients have the right to a written prescription that can be filled elsewhere .
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare .
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524–25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name .
the deportation of acadians beginning in 1755 resulted in land made available to migrants from europe and the colonies further south .
cbs introduced new features during the telecast , including pylon cameras and microphones along with eyevision 360—an array of 36 cameras along the upper deck that can be used to provide a 360-degree view of plays and " bullet time " effects .
later that same year , during 1983 's 20th anniversary special the five doctors , the first doctor enquires as to the fifth doctor 's regeneration ; when the fifth doctor confirms " fourth " , the first doctor excitedly replies " goodness me .
the mongols practiced debt slavery , and by 1290 in all parts of the mongol empire commoners were selling their children into slavery .
this routine can be implemented more efficiently if a complete list of primes up to is known—then trial divisions need to be checked only for those m that are prime .
such tankers are used to refill bulk liquid oxygen storage containers , which stand outside hospitals and other institutions with a need for large volumes of pure oxygen gas .
disney shareholders approved the merger at a special conference in new york city on january 4 , 1996 , with the acquisition of capital cities/abc being completed on february 9 ; following the sale , disney renamed its new subsidiary abc inc. in addition to the abc network , the disney acquisition integrated abc 's ten owned-and-operated television and 21 radio stations ; its 80 % interest in espn , ownership interests in the history channel , a & e television networks , and lifetime entertainment ; and capital cities/abc 's magazine and newspaper properties into the company .
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime .
doctor who first appeared on bbc tv at 17:16:20 gmt , eighty seconds after the scheduled programme time , 5:15 pm , on saturday , 23 november 1963. it was to be a regular weekly programme , each episode 25 minutes of transmission length .
in addition to certification , many educational institutions especially within the us , require that prospective teachers pass a background check and psychiatric evaluation to be able to teach in classroom .
in the early years , many huguenots also settled in the area of present-day charleston , south carolina .
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market .
in his smalcald articles , he described the saints as currently residing " in their graves and in heaven . "
the official record high temperature for fresno is 115 °f ( 46.1 °c ) , set on july 8 , 1905 , while the official record low is 17 °f ( −8 °c ) , set on january 6 , 1913. the average windows for 100 °f ( 37.8 °c ) + , 90 °f ( 32.2 °c ) + , and freezing temperatures are june 1 thru september 13 , april 26 thru october 9 , and december 10 thru january 28 , respectively , and no freeze occurred between in the 1983/1984 season .
the flow reappears on the surface at the northern ( german ) shore of the lake , off the island of lindau .
today , the warsaw stock exchange ( wse ) is , according to many indicators , the largest market in the region , with 374 companies listed and total capitalization of 162 584 mln eur as of 31 august 2009. from 1991 until 2000 , the stock exchange was , ironically , located in the building previously used as the headquarters of the polish united workers ' party ( pzpr ) .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
only the series from 2009 onwards are available on blu-ray , except for the 1970 story spearhead from space , released in july 2013. many early releases have been re-released as special editions , with more bonus features .
in 1952 , when the release of the fcc 's sixth report and order announced the end of its freeze on new station license applications , among the issues the commission was slated to address was whether to approve the upt-abc merger .
kenya ’ s armed forces , like many government institutions in the country , have been tainted by corruption allegations .
southern california is also home to a large home grown surf and skateboard culture .
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism .
the scottish parliament is unable to legislate on such issues that are reserved to , and dealt with at , westminster ( and where ministerial functions usually lie with uk government ministers ) .
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii .
since 2008 , undergraduate students have been required to complete courses in eight general education categories : aesthetic and interpretive understanding , culture and belief , empirical and mathematical reasoning , ethical reasoning , science of living systems , science of the physical universe , societies of the world , and united states in the world .
for the next three hundred years , scotland was directly governed by the parliament of great britain and the subsequent parliament of the united kingdom , both seated at westminster , and the lack of a parliament of scotland remained an important element in scottish national identity .
an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech , and he died shortly afterwards at 2:45 a.m. on 18 february 1546 , aged 62 , in eisleben , the city of his birth .
between the lobes on either side of the mouth , many species of lobates have four auricles , gelatinous projections edged with cilia that produce water currents that help direct microscopic prey toward the mouth .
twigg suggested that the cause was a form of anthrax , and norman cantor ( 2001 ) thought it may have been a combination of anthrax and other pandemics .
it has a neoclassical façade , originally designed by the architect john dobson , and was constructed in collaboration with robert stephenson .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
the mongols characterized otachi doctors by their use of herbal remedies , which was distinguished from the spiritual cures of mongol shamanism .
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " .
a series of religious conflicts followed , known as the wars of religion , fought intermittently from 1562 to 1598. the wars finally ended with the granting of the edict of nantes , which granted the huguenots substantial religious , political and military autonomy .
they are surrounded by a lipid monolayer .
pharmacy technicians are now more dependent upon automation to assist them in their new role dealing with patients ' prescriptions and patient safety issues .
education in australia is primarily the responsibility of the individual states and territories .
methodist institutions may be named after a biblical figure ( e.g. , " st. james umc " ) .
the melbourne cricket ground is the largest stadium in australia , and the host of the 1956 summer olympics and the 2006 commonwealth games .
harvard was formed in 1636 by vote of the great and general court of the massachusetts bay colony .
the new logo debuted on-air for abc 's promos at the start of the 1963–64 season .
though not always emphasized or appreciated in the anglican churches of their day , their teaching emphasized salvation by god 's grace , acquired through faith in christ .
the rhine is the longest river in germany .
there are over 10,000 objects made from silver or gold in the collection , the display ( about 15 % of the collection ) is divided into secular and sacred covering both christian ( roman catholic , anglican and greek orthodox ) and jewish liturgical vessels and items .
saudi arabia spent over 100 billion dollars in the ensuing decades for helping spread its fundamentalist interpretation of islam , known as wahhabism , throughout the world , via religious charities such al-haramain foundation , which often also distributed funds to violent sunni extremist groups such as al-qaeda and the taliban .
legally , only non-profit trusts and societies can run schools in india .
the specific devolved matters are all subjects which are not explicitly stated in schedule 5 to the scotland act as reserved matters .
the normans ( norman : nourmands ; french : normands ; latin : normanni ) were the people who in the 10th and 11th centuries gave their name to normandy , a region in france .
the general conference meets every four years ( quadrennium ) .
this innovative approach to bringing young people to museums was a hallmark of the directorship of roy strong and was subsequently emulated by some other british museums .
republicans , at first hostile to empire , only became supportive when germany started to build her own colonial empire .
key selling points were the improvement in picture and sound quality , increased number of channels and an interactive service branded open ... . now called sky active , bskyb competed with the ondigital ( later itv digital ) terrestrial offering and cable services .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
starting in 1313 the traditional imperial examinations were reintroduced for prospective officials , testing their knowledge on significant historical works .
if this necessary condition is satisfied , dirichlet 's theorem on arithmetic progressions asserts that the progression contains infinitely many primes .
there may be an epidemic that causes widespread panic , or there could be rampant violence in the area that prevents people from going to work for fear of their lives .
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time .
