which committee has the exclusive power to set pastors ' salaries ?
besides the north sea and the irish channel , what else was lowered in the last cold phase ?
what type of turing machine is capable of multiple actions and extends into a variety of computational paths ?
who caught two passes from manning after the failed carolina field goal attempt ?
how many customers does sky uk limited have as a pay-tv broadcaster as of 2015 ?
who leads the national and public library servies ?
preschool targest what age children ?
the peruvian amazon indigienous people are one group struggling in the amazon , what is another group ?
near chur , which direction does the rhine turn ?
what type of flower is sought on midsummer 's eve ?
what are longer growth spells associated with ?
what type of venue is the teatr wielki ?
what is a ppp also known as ?
who did temüjin 's mother adopt to help integrate the tribes he conquered ?
what is expected with the continuous input of sediment into the dornbirner ach ?
what feature of the amazon made people believe it could n't have many inhabitants ?
what is the saxon garden in polish ?
when did tesla go to tomingaj ?
who destroyed the most valuable relics in the mausoleum during the cultural revolution ?
how many nfl teams have gone 15-1 in one season ?
which task force states that pornography is harmful ?
what was happening to subscriber numbers in other areas of europe ?
what does paramylon store ?
who was made rich and prosperous prior to world war 1
what was the estimated population of pons aelius around the 2nd century ?
what is the translation of oude maas ?
what is the type of oxygen production for emergency oxygen in airlines ?
what do counties sometimes offer to get more teachers ?
what ended turkish imperial ambitions ?
how much of a voting majority must there be to effectively censure the commission ?
what music did the fourth soundtrack feature ?
when was the newsmagazine 20/20 first created ?
what kind of government does kenya have ?
what city has the biggest port in germany ?
which is older the british empire or the ethiopian empire ?
what does the urban education institute help run ?
when was warsaw ranked as the 32nd most liveable city in the world ?
what is the major tributary for the rhine ?
who can not be employed by a school in any manner ?
what has risen to be a factor in teaching today ?
what are two anti-inflammatory molecules that peak during awake hours ?
what was the genghis khan 's characteristic approach to religious diversity ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , what was the total umc membership overseas ?
when were the mongols defeated by the tran ?
what was the last game that elway played as a quarterback for denver ?
what equation currently decribes the physics of force .
how did their lawyer suggest they would plea ?
where do juvenile platyctenids live ?
when do chloroplasts spread out flat ?
who is currently speaker of the scottish parliament ?
what device is used to test the magnetic attractions involved in liquid oxygen ?
where did two of triton 's daughters set out on a journey through ?
who noticed that luther 's view of the soul after death differed from later theologians ?
what western country is corporal punishment still allowed ?
who founded the umc ?
what army did warsaw successfully defend itself against ?
what other scientist influence frank burnet when he was formulating his theory of immunity ?
what happened to nearby light bulbs ?
what is a stromule ?
how many bus companies provide service to the city of newcastle ?
who reported on the sideline for espn deportes ?
what english chemist showed that fire only needed nitoaereus ?
how do you avoid problems when determining forces involved on an object from two or more sources ?
what part of the rhine flows through north rhine-westphalia ?
who leads the islamic state ?
who are the un-elected subordinates of member state governments ?
what type of wages does mechanization and automation lead to ?
what was published in february of 2007 ?
what kind of climate does southern california maintain ?
who was chairman of the house science committee ?
in what year did jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont receive a steam engine patent ?
what was the cause for the issues with city funding ?
what image has become linked to doctor who ?
what is a main tributary to the rhine that goes through northeastern france and part of belgium ?
during which period in history was the amazon rainforest a narrow band of forest ?
who oversees a pharmacy technician in the uk ?
what is the name of matters outside the legislative ability of the scottish parliament ?
what is the primary mission of the daleks ?
what theatre was the best example of " polish monumental theatre " ?
when are recent episodes of abc shows typically made available on vod services ?
what was the style of luther 's salute at the end of his speech ?
what element is used as a coolant in the process of making liquid oxygen ?
what treaty ended the wars of religion ?
what did he do to his feet at night ?
who can enforce the european union law when member states provide lesser rights ?
to which year has the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet been dated ?
what is something that teacher 's are at a high risk for ?
how does inequality prevent growth ?
cydippids combs are controlled by what ?
how long until the provisional registration is upgraded , if requirements are met ?
what did protestant nobles form the following year after the signing of the augsburg confession ?
how are the certain costs which are difficult to avoid shared ?
in 1974 , what detective series debuted on abc ?
what ruler , besides john of saxony and philip of hesse , formed the schmalkaldic league ?
what did this hymn presage ?
what type of city has warsaw been for as long as it 's been a city ?
why did tesla go to karlovac ?
what acquired condition results in immunodeficiency in humans ?
how much did the population of victoria increase in ten years after the discovery of gold ?
which company provided streetcar connections between downtown and the hospital ?
what anthropologists are also university alumni members ?
under which directive did the eu harmonize restrictions on restrictions on marketing and advertising ?
what does the museum of the polish army portray the history of ?
when is the last time a fumble return touchdown happened in a super bowl ?
the art deco period of textiles works is represented by which american artist ?
how many miles does the dust travels over the atlantic ocean ?
which architect , famous for the india gate in new delhi , is represented in the riba collection ?
what is issued once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed ?
what is another notable university in warsaw after the university of warsaw ?
how many biomolecules contain no oxygen ?
what are the most active parts of ctenophora ?
the sculpture of amida nyorai that is included in the v & a 's japanese art collection is dated to which century ?
which cidippid is used as a description on ctenophores in most textbooks ?
in what year was the great internet mersenne prime search project conducted ?
how many crank rotations are there in an engine cycle ?
what was the english name of gou 's calendar ?
how old was tesla when he became a us citizen ?
who do gurus control ?
what direction do ctenophore swim ?
which florida city has the biggest population ?
what was the principle shown in the mark of anarchy ?
how many years does the v & a glass collection cover ?
what are the largest objects in the v & a ceramics and glass collection ?
how much higher was the 42 % occupation stress figure , compared to other jobs ?
who would have been the lowest-ranked class ?
when was virgin media rebranded from ntl telewest ?
what other visual phenomena accompanied tesla 's visions ?
which germans could understand the language luther used ?
what areas did french recruit natives from ?
what station did the 20th anniversary special show before being shown on bbc ?
what south african law recognized two types of schools ?
who helped find sponsors and donors to help with the cost ?
how much is china 's investment in kenya ?
what were the two huguenot neighborhoods created in berlin ?
when did the three advocate generals argue that directives should create rights and duties for all citizens ?
how many bits are typically used in the primes for the diffie–hellman key exchange ?
where in warsaw are patriotic and political objects connected with poland 's struggles for independence found ?
how far did the sea level drop in the ice ages ?
down to how many laws did tesla believe the fundamental laws could be reduced ?
who was determined to expose luther at this time ?
along with the congregation of christian brothers , what is a notable religious group that runs fee-paying schools in ireland ?
who did duke yansheng kong duanyou flee with ?
what new name was given to the media day ?
what is a descriptive term for a low-to-high energy bond ?
where did the highwaymen take luther ?
how many weeks each year does the food and drink festival run ?
why did cbs turn down the pitch for the untouchables ?
where in central asia did the han chinese move ?
who was the first european to travel the entire length of the amazon river ?
who was the # 2 pick in the 2011 nfl draft ?
what group bought cyprus after the norman conquest ?
what house was the site of a weaving school in canterbury ?
who is the commissioner of the national football league ?
what person helped establish the school with a donation ?
what type of combustible materials were considered to have little philogiston ?
in 1942 , what was north fresno previously called ?
what happened to the things inside the lab after it was torn down ?
who was the most frequent musical contributor to doctor who in the first 15 years of the show ?
what shape are granal thylakoids ?
which train company provides local and regional services ?
who was the leader when the franks entered the euphrates valley ?
what spurred increased support for government reform ?
what planet is doctor who from ?
what can be used to model tension forces ?
when was luther 's writings about the jews ignored , according to johannes wallmann ?
which current type was tesla in favor of ?
where did tesla teach in gospic ?
what is the grace that we receive by faith and trust in god ?
what do platyctenida use their pharynx for ?
how can pyrenoids replicate ?
where did the black death originate ?
what were the native inhabitants of australia called ?
what type of assistance to out of town students is the muslim brotherhood known for ?
who is in control of legislative power ?
how to baptized members become professing members ?
what state constitutional amendments make reference to the government funding religious schools ?
what type of disability would a teacher help a student with ?
what did frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers begin to do ?
in 2009 , what did citadel communications rebrand it 's abc radio brand as ?
who was replaced by kubiak in super bowl xxiv ?
what group specifically opposed the huguenots ?
what set is a seat added to after being allocated ?
what storm had the most significant impact on jacksonville ?
hobson argued that imperialism was an international what ?
how many elements did aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere to be made up of ?
where was temüjin 's patron toghrul exiled ?
in what century did the history of the steam engine begin ?
what element is found in most organic organisms ?
what church is located at the corner of 4th and new streets in philadelphia ?
what is the largest port in europe called ?
new ownership rules by the fcc in 1985 allowed broadcasters to own a maximum of how many stations ?
which article made provisions for concentrations or mergers and the abuse of a dominant position by companies ?
when was the disney and abc merger first announced ?
what city , raided by clans and dukes , preceded the founding of warszowa ?
what ideal thermodynamic cycle analyzes the process by which steam engines work ?
how often must local lay servant reapply ?
of what form do mersenne primes take ?
what part of the earth 's geological structure is larger than the crust ?
what did gasquet think the plague was ?
when does rain typically fall in jacksonville ?
what was tesla 's reputation in popular culture ?
what did a survey of north american lutherans find that lutherans felt about jews compared to other minority groups ?
what was tampa 's primary abc affiliate prior to 1994 ?
what types of preparation do pharmacists have ?
after what higher learning model was the school designed ?
what style was the warsaw philharmony edifice built in ?
what have the two different islamist movements been described as oscillating between ?
what is the position derek wolfe plays currently ?
who produces a list of requirements for a project , giving an overall view of the project 's goals ?
why did he fire the secretary ?
in what year did student decide to occupy the president 's office ?
what was the rumored reason edison and tesla were not awarded the prize ?
in what year was the lunar module ( lm ) dropped because it was n't seen as useful ?
what does bskyb 's sport portfolio include ?
what religion did tesla grow up in ?
of what mathematical nature is the basel problem ?
what was the protest in antigone about ?
what is the maximum square miles did betty meggers claim that can be sustained in the rainforest ?
how long did ms kucukdeveci work for swedex gmbh & co kg before she was dismissed ?
aside from oxides , what other compounds comprise a large portion of the earth 's crust ?
which part of the immune system protects the brain ?
when did the merger between abc and capital cities gain federal approval ?
in what year did william maclure begin the process of creating the first geological map of the u.s. ?
what is the name of the egyptian papyrus that suggests that they may have had knowledge of prime numbers ?
what is a way you can show police officers civil disobedience ?
who edited tesla 's autobiography ?
what type of income is the vast majority of the population dependent on ?
for what purpose is oxygen used by animal life ?
who officially opened the v & a ?
what jacksonville community is known for having heavy ties to the navy ?
what are the three construction subsectors ?
who congratulated the snp while vowing to campaign against their referendum ?
what did the loss mean to france ?
besides the bondage of the will , what other work did luther view as a book of his ?
what is a main advantage of the rankine cycle ?
what needs to be larger to get the same work out of lower pressure steam ?
what type of professional is a pharmacy technician considered to be ?
who had five sacks in nine games as a carolina panthers starter ?
what did a greedy merchant do to the mermaid ?
which park is home to the kearney mansion ?
what lineage is karenia in ?
who was jacksonville 's mayor at the time of the consolidation ?
what century was newcastle 's port developed in ?
what company filed a complaint with the fcc in 1934 concerning problems establishing new stations ?
what did the use of steam engines in farming lead to ?
what type of role that islamism seeks makes it a somewhat controversial concept ?
at what time is the harvard-yale rivalry set aside ?
how old was manning when he played super bowl 50 ?
who is the commissioner of the nfl ?
which female anchor from today joined hugh downs on 20/20 ?
what runs from the balancer in the statocyst to the comb rows ?
what does increasing inequality harm ?
how is income determined in a market with variously skilled workers ?
where was the boat demonstration given ?
who did the panthers beat in the nfc championship game ?
what was thought to decide a person 's behavior ?
what lands were reserved for natives ?
what is internet2
what occurs after a dive in which a diver decompresses too quickly ?
what is not considered appropriate disclipine ?
what kind of programs can be credited for abc 's success in the late 1950s ?
how many tackles did von miller get during the game ?
what is another term for excessive compression ?
what network is newcastle a member of ?
in which year did the gallery of japanese art open ?
what venue in miami was a candidate for the site of super bowl 50 ?
what financial issue is notoriously prevalent in the construction field ?
how many seats does victoria have in the senate ?
where did tesla run to avoid the army draft ?
what things did the network concentrate on
what did luther try to do for the jews ?
who captured fort beausejour ?
how does victoria rank as to population density ?
what did luther establish as a worship service in his church ?
which team was suspended from the mls ?
how many people did the islamic state control the territory of as of march 2015 ?
what is a type of disobedience against the federal government ?
in what year was the first known experiments on combustion and air conducted ?
where was the disease spreading between 1348 and 1350 ?
who were special guests for the super bowl halftime show ?
who aide the reich in germany in antisemitism ?
how many years could separate outbreaks of the black death ?
how much did silas b. cobb pledge to the university ?
each deacon in full connection is a member of what ?
after the peterloo massacre what poet wrote the massacre of anarchy ?
who 's satellites would the new free-to-air channels be broadcast from ?
how do centripetal forces act in relation to vectors of velocity ?
what happened when cyanobacteria was assimilated ?
what is featured on the city of fresno 's city flag ?
what was the name of the first huguenot outpost in south carolina ?
what school did he enroll in during 1875 ?
where is english spoken the most ?
what is thomas b. edsall 's profession ?
who allegedly coined the name black death ?
what type of numbers demonstrate a flaw with the fermat primality test ?
how much has global mean surface air temperature changed in the last century ?
what did kllbrandon 's report in 1973 recommend establishing ?
which company did mrs foster work for ?
what happened to most of tesla 's work from this time ?
how many people work for kunskapsskolan schools ?
stratigraphers try to locate areas for what types of extraction ?
when did the eleventh doctor appear in the sarah jane series ?
what was the other finalist besides levi 's stadium ?
what lionsgate trailer was shown during the super bowl ?
when did the rhine become borders with francia ?
what date was super bowl opening night held ?
what was abc 's revenue in 1962 ?
what concept is frequently used to define complexity classes ?
how did tetzel state that the soul could leave purgatory ?
the price of oil is usually a stable commodity until when ?
what legitimate dynasty came after the yuan ?
what is the smallest number of bolivians it 's estimated live in newcastle ?
the presence or absence of what can be used to determine the relative age of the formations in which they are found ?
today , which church is generally considered one of the more moderate and tolerant denominations ?
when was there a reduction in the number of scottish mps ?
which dynasties ' histories were officially documented during toghun 's reign ?
over how many species of trees can be found in the saxon garden ?
what market other than harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings and brighton is overinflated ?
what advancements besides military technology did europe achieve ?
how long did it take johnson to respond to kennedy ?
what industry has managed to survive major military spending cutbacks ?
if p is ultimately proven to be equal tot np , what effect would this have on the efficiency of problems ?
who was the espn deportes sideline commentator for super bowl 50 ?
what journalist wrote an article defending doctor who ?
why do some people purposely resist officers of the law ?
what did austpac support
what areas are pharmacy informatics prepared to work in ?
to which year does the new sculpture galleries now encompass ?
what was the occupation of joseph priestley ?
at what angle were the groups of pistons set in relation to one another in a 4-cylinder compound ?
how far did he claim the mechanical energy could be transmitted ?
aside from bbc radio 5 , what radio station will broadcast the game ?
besides the analytic property of numbers , what other property of numbers does number theory focus on ?
what is the approximate turbine entry temperature of a gas turbine ?
when did richard dean adams make his inquiry ?
who provided a philosophical discussion of force ?
how did luther describe his learning at the university ?
what did neoclassical economics view the inequality in the distribution of income as being from ?
what was the first series to be televised in color on abc ?
which seasons is the bbc missing a total of 79 episodes ?
who is the current governor of victoria ?
what is being described when simplicity of geometrical forms are teamed with inspiration from the roman period ?
what role in economics did the university play a major part in ?
what did luther not mean for the new mass to replace ?
what was tesla 's idea regarding earth ?
what did the gulf war inadvertently do in the early 1990s ?
what point did the theologians differ on concerning the last supper ?
what are public schools in victoria ?
in cases of shared physical medium how are they delivered
what measurement of time is used in polynomial time reduction ?
how many television and radio channels could the new digital service carry ?
along with solar , coal and nuclear , what sort of plants notable use the rankine process ?
to whom did william maclure submit the map ?
at the time of its formation , how many congregations did the umc have ?
which son did genghis khan view as his most dependable one ?
what planet was named for a fly-by mission by an empty s-ivb ?
what is similar to literacy that a teacher would teach ?
how are the compounds that contain oxygen considered in commerce ?
what is one problem with internet pharmacies ?
how many metropolitan areas does southern california 's population encompass ?
where does the rhine begin ?
constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit whom ?
according to the aaa , what is the percentage of the gas stations that ran out of gasoline ?
what is another name for exoteric ?
stretched rocks that pinch into lenses are known by what word ?
when was the colony of new south wales founded ?
what are we unsure of about how chloroplasts make methionine precursors ?
what is a growing sport in southern california ?
which us president visited jacksonville in 1888 ?
how many fraternities form the university of chicago interfraternity council ?
who does the wage gap between genders provide an advantage ?
what is held outside the formal legal ownership registration system in many developing countries ?
which court is the highest court in the european union ?
what famous person congratulated him ?
how many doctor who soundtracks have been released since 2005 ?
what might also be required of a teacher to pass , in addition to certification ?
which player was criticized for not jumping into the pile to recover the ball ?
who was given land by british goovernment for development of ohio country ?
who financed general electric 's attempts to takeover westinghouse ?
what events are often associated with volcanism and igneous activity ?
what was the most important of these cities or towns ?
who is credited with the modern name for this system
when did the normans attack dyrrachium ?
how much was bskyb going to pay for the primier league rights ?
what chemist managed to make enough liquid oxygen to use for study ?
what is the norman architecture idiom ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the university 's four graduate divisions ?
what were the yuan armies too weak to stop ?
what did joseph haas say in his email ?
during which period did jacksonville become a popular destination for the rich ?
what victory symbols did the mongols build on the plains outside samarkand ?
what year did agoa take effect ?
where was edison machine works located ?
what was the plos pathogens paper about ?
what planet did the reporters decide the signals were from ?
where is the abc four-note jingle still in use ?
what is the record number of touchdowns cam newton has had ?
what is another word for centripetal force ?
where did tesla work in budapest ?
where were abc 's international networks mainly situated in the 1970s ?
" bairn " and " hyem " have origins from what culture ?
what issues may prevent women from working outside the home or receiving education ?
how much imported oil came from the middle east ?
what entity deals with eu staff issues ?
when did tesla begin working for the continental edison company ?
where is this housing style being developed recently ?
of what form are mersenne primes ?
which conference do the teams in southern california play in ?
when was the large work published ?
how many men were in robert 's army ?
what issue plagues the literature about civil disobedience ?
who was the associate administrator that houbolt spoke with ?
which carolina panthers wide receiver suffered a torn acl before the season began ?
what is the modern term for the mongolian policies supporting trade and communication ?
how many interceptions are the panthers defense credited with in 2015 ?
what is the field of studying immunogenicity through bioinformatics known as ?
what is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure ?
how many chloroplasts per cell does algae have ?
what year saw the earliest recorded use of the steam engine indicator ?
where does the rhine make a distinctive turn to the north ?
how big was the vertical assembly building ?
what crime drama debuted on abc in september 1994 ?
what did decnet originally do
what is the abc affiliate that serves lima , ohio ?
in what year did tesla die ?
what organization is john schmitt and ben zipperer members of ?
where did itv tyne tees move in 2005 ?
what type of train would some of the proposed new routes require ?
what type of committee is set down under the sp 's standing orders ?
how many people was the cm designed to carry in the end ?
what is the enrollment of undergraduates at harvard ?
where is the santa fe railroad depot located ?
who did newton complete a 45 yard pass to on the opening drive of the second half ?
where was tesla 's laboratory established ?
how long ago did primates inhabit kenya ?
which party is strongest in victoria 's northwestern and eastern regions ?
in what city is sap center located ?
who conceptualized the piston ?
when was vetting introduced ?
how did luther view islam ?
what cancer researchers were also apart of the university 's faculty ?
how many divisions comprised genghis khan 's army in khwarezmia ?
where does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany ?
what was jacksonville referred to as after the consolidation ?
the los angeles clippers are a team belonging to which sport ?
why is the need for acceptance of punishment needed ?
what type of ratios are used in geochronologic and thermochronologic studies ?
at first , what did oxygen and iron combine to form ?
what was the u.s. information agency charged with doing during the cold war ?
what percentage of primary schools used welsh primarily or exclusively ?
who was an important early figure in the islamic revival in india ?
in august 1994 , what toledo , ohio affiliate did abc purchase ?
what did he claim the weapon would end ?
who ordered the stern review ?
how much money did a 1/2 minute commercial cost ?
how does kenya curb coruption ?
what yard line did the broncos stop the panthers on in their first offensive drive of super bowl 50 ?
which doctor who-related song reached number one in the uk ?
in 1940 , what percentage of the population in fresno was asian ?
what are phycobilins ?
how did hobson argue to rid the world of imperialism ?
how many years have imperialistic practices existed ?
who opened the new parliament building on october 9 , 2004 ?
what is the name of the latin translation of dioscorides ' book ?
when was luther examined at augsburg by the papal legate ?
what happened to the dynamos in the power station ?
what does kitab rudjdjar mean in english ?
how many volts could particles be charged to in his weapon design ?
what is the yearly cost of some notable prep schools in new england ?
in what way did lavoisier see that the tin he used in his experiment had increased ?
who helped designed the main quadrangles ?
how many of the four field goal attempts did mcmanus succeed at during super bowl 50 ?
what is the hymn known as in english ?
which country had trading posts in india before britain ?
which country was thinking about going to war to forcibly take middle eastern oil fields ?
what was the purpose of csnet
what year was the first class taught at the university of chicago ?
what type of algorithm is trial division ?
what proportion did detached homes rise in 2010 ?
what unit is measured to determine circuit complexity ?
if one computer model turns out correct , by what year would there be a nearly complete loss of rainforest in the amazon basin ?
what contributed to the severity of the plague ?
what does connecting different sky q boxes enable them to do ?
in march 2015 , how many owned-and-operated stations did abc have ?
which branch of the eu has had the most influence on the development of eu law ?
what area in south africa accepted huguenot colonists ?
what are those with lower incomes less likely to have in order to prepare for the future ?
what is the second academic school of technology in poland ?
what time of day did these reformed supposedly gather to engage in huguenot rituals ?
when did the first french language bible appear ?
what changed the rhine 's delta ?
what prohibition agent was also an alumni at the university ?
how are packets normally forwarded
in what year did tesla graduate from the higher real gymnasium ?
what was the wedding date ?
the rocks at the grand canyon have been in place since when ?
what did the result of the snp majority allow a referendum be held on ?
how did natives in logstown take celeron 's information ?
in what city is rangi ruru girls ' school ?
what did the development of this fertile soil provide in hostile environment ?
what yard marker on the field was painted gold ?
which plateau is the left part of warsaw on ?
which country besides the cuba did the united states try to annex in 1898 ?
how much does it cost to gain entry to a parliament meeting ?
when was ambulatory care pharmacy approved as its own certification ?
what canadian cable station started showing doctor who in 2009 ?
what had the number of people living in warsaw declined to by 1945 ?
what is the name of the area that the main campus is centered in cambridge ?
what kind of university is the university of chicago ?
what type of status did the umc vote to seek in the national association of evangelicals ?
when rock formations are found on top of a fault that have not been cut , then they must be older or younger than the fault ?
what is another general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings ?
how many pages was the kalven report statement ?
in which year did a toxic waste spill from a european ship prompt the commission to look into legislation against waste ?
there 's a rough border between switzerland and what other country formed by the rhine ?
which tribe did temüjin move in with at nine years of age ?
what did tesla tell brisbane he did n't believe in ?
which church 's saint is nicknamed the martyr ?
when were x-rays discovered ?
who wrote the eulogy ?
what was ban ki-moon the secretary general of ?
how much money did john jacob astor iv provide tesla with ?
who controlled sicily before the normans ?
what percentage of oxygen will a zeolite sieve produce ?
how many times can a time lord regenerate ?
what did luther consider christ 's life ?
what is the active form of vitamin d known as ?
what is the systemic acquired resistance response of a plant immune system ?
when was doctor who created ?
what did luther try to avoid in setting up his church ?
what does 'gram-negative ' mean ?
what is the name of sky q 's broadband router ?
what value does the seperating into fermions and bosons depend ?
how many academic majors does the university grant in total ?
what allows customers to get sky+ functions if they do not subscribe to bskyb 's channels ?
what do photocytes produce ?
what is that power that enables us to love ?
who else did luther use violent rhetoric towards ?
how much of the water flow does the waal get from the rhine ?
what is economic liberalism one of the causes of ?
who is to blame for acting unjustly ?
which actions by eu institutions can be subject to judicial review ?
when did the high school education movement occur ?
between what times does good morning america air on abc ?
who is the producer of doctor who ?
how does the secondary theory say most cpdna is structured ?
what do scholars sometimes assert that luther believed about what faith and reason were to each other ?
what role did luther play in other areas ' churches ?
what are the laws of physics of galileo , in reference to objest in motion and rest ?
whose shrine did the pilgrims go to in 1016 ?
what building material does the entrance hall and flanking staircases use predominantly ?
what is thought to have happened to the y. pestis that caused the black death ?
who is the trophy given to the super bowl champion named for ?
where can a lot tesla 's writings be found ?
what city did tesla move to in 1880 ?
how did the education during the high school education movement differ from the subsequent high school education ?
who was the main performer at this year 's halftime show ?
what type of engines does the american car typically have ?
what does the fermat primality test depend upon ?
who decides the fate of protesters most of the time ?
what is similar to vocational training ?
which theory states that slow geological processes are still occurring today , and have occurred throughout earth 's history ?
during the bronco 's playoff games , who did not throw at all ?
who created the 2005 theme for doctor who ?
what type of turing machine can be characterized by checking multiple possibilities at the same time ?
what memorial was built years after genghis khan 's death and burial ?
who did the geographic scholars work for ?
what hit reality series debuted for abc in 2002 ?
what type of tunnels are constructed through newcastle 's city center ?
what is the benefit of polypeptide binding ?
to which century is the glass beaker called luck of edenhall dated ?
at what pressure is water heated in the rankine cycle ?
france laid siege to montpellier in what year ?
what shape is chlamydomonas 's chloroplasts ?
what was extent of celeron 's expedition ?
what covered the new field at levi 's stadium ?
which animal 's venom did pierre-louis moreau de maupertuis work with ?
what was the name of the fund setup to help with investing in the community ?
to what place did he bring the injured pigeons to take care of them ?
what network was launched by abc in 2004 ?
what position did fred silverman leave abc to take in 1978 ?
what type of prime distribution is characterized about x/log x of numbers less than x ?
what yard line was a gold color for all teams during the season ?
what archdiocese is warsaw the seat of ?
where are jersey and guernsey
when was levi 's stadium awarded the right to host super bowl 50 ?
what does packet switching contrast with
who was added to party as washington went on the way ?
which theorem states that every large even integer can be written as a prime summed with a semiprime ?
who commissioned the tapestry ?
when was there an attempt to reform the law of the eu ?
how many pro bowlers were on the panthers offense ?
what fish living in the amazon river is known to bit humans ?
what was special about tesla 's memory ?
who was appointed genghis khan 's successor ?
what was the name of the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction ?
when was rem sleep discovered ?
when did bskyb announce it 's intention to replace it 's free-to-air digital channels ?
what type of surnames is their a strong presence of ?
other than the automobile club of southern california , what other aaa auto club chose to simplify the divide ?
what is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world ?
which count did the prince strike an arrangement with ?
which british sculptor and a leading member of the new sculpture movement is represented in the the v & a collection ?
what is the process by which the immune system identifies tumors called ?
how is packet mode communication implemented
what liberal succeeded joseph willard as president ?
what was the goal of the system
how many different species of ctenohore are there ?
what specific type of ctenophore was introduced into the black sea ?
what was phillips official title for nasa ?
what was the final score of super bowl xxxiii ?
what was warsaw 's old town listed as in 1980 ?
who called their system the " tesla polyphase system " ?
what is a fundamentalist interpretation of islam called ?
where is the george w. bush presidential library ?
what is kenya 's hdi ?
during what period did downtown fresno thrive ?
which entity focused upon the free movement of workers ?
who reportedly wanted tesla 's company ?
after rejecting compulsory confession , what did luther call for ?
who did tesla try to get money from ?
what year did newcastle first develop its cycling strategy ?
what kind of data did abc begin using in the 1970s to better target ads and programming for certain audiences ?
what religions did tugh temur follow ?
who helped pay for the university 's first building structure ?
the university of chicago library system has how many libraries in total ?
what was planned for luther by frederick iii after the meeting ?
in what year did abc stylize it 's logo as abc ?
how many nations control this region in total ?
which country in 1985 signed a treaty to give it special status ?
who designed the new medieval and renaissance galleries which opened in 2009 ?
when rock folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways , when it buckles downwards it creates what ?
where is the asian influence strongest in victoria ?
what title was the social charter set to be included into the maastricht treaty under ?
what was the yuan 's paper money called ?
what famous snowbaorder lives in southern california ?
in what year did bankamericard change its name ?
where is newcastle 's horse racing course located ?
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing how much building material per hour ?
what body of water sat to the west of the mongol empire when genghis khan died ?
what was the anglo-norman language 's final form ?
what does the el centro metropolitan area and san diego-carslbad-san marcos metropolitan area form ?
what forest is by warsaw 's southern border ?
in addition to teaching within the family , where else is informal teaching done ?
how many sons did börte bear genghis khan after jochi ?
what allows the adaptive immune system to react faster and more strongly each subsequent time a pathogen is encountered ?
what led to protests and open discrediting of the eck ?
us is concerned about confrontation of the middle east with which other country ?
who bought the factory in 2005 ?
what resolution were the cameras increased to for the game ?
where is corporal punishment no longer practiced ?
who might take disciplinary action against a teacher ?
what is the minimum amount of time before a bill can go into law ?
what was the boat called ?
what type of prime distribution does the riemann hypothesis propose is also true for short intervals near x ?
how many kenyans are living below the poverty level ?
what was the name of the event at the the embarcadero that was held prior to super bowl 50 to help show off some of the things that san francisco has to offer ?
which australian tv station has run doctor who since 1965 ?
when did seven protestant churches agree with the nazi policy of forcing jews to wear yellow arm bands ?
what does legend say genghis khan used to obliterate the kharezmid emporer 's place of birth ?
in what year was rose mary denman defrocked for openly living with a same-sex partner ?
who halted the advance of hulagu khan across the middle east ?
who recovered a manning fumble ?
in which year were rodin 's works given to the v & a ?
when was this committee by seaman established ?
how quickly is the sea level rising ?
on where are most tourist attractions focused in victoria ?
when was the first measurement of the value of the newton universal gravitation constant ?
who inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local building code ?
where are health and social problems most common ?
who took control of qara khitai after fleeing temüjin 's mongol empire ?
what did genghis khan do to the tangut imperial family after their surrender ?
what immune system is activated by the innate response ?
what did luther call these donations ?
how many mechanisms does a typical steam engine have to keep boiler pressure from getting too high ?
which sculpture by michelangelo has a full-size replica in the cast courts ?
how did tesla know he was being struck by the particle ?
what title did newcastle native basil hume achieve ?
where do transport vesicles move between ?
when did tugh temur die ?
who was kennedy 's vice president ?
where is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum less commonly found ?
what did tesla design several experimental setups to produce ?
when did watt finish the development of his improvements to newcomen 's engine ?
how did der sturmer describe luther 's on the jews and their lies
what finite hierarchy implies that the graph isomorphism problem is np-complete ?
how many intercollegiate sports does harvard compete in ncaa division i
who came up with the theory of relativity ?
what is another plague thought to have spread the same way ?
who lead the halftime show of super bowl 50 ?
what long term agenda was the acts of plundering muslim lands by the west ?
how many solo sacks did von miller have in the game ?
what two things does pharmacy informatics bring together ?
what is the primary goal of pleading not guilty when arrested for civil disobedience ?
what does obersee mean ?
what is the other country the rhine separates switzerland to ?
which fantasy books have references to doctor who ?
who was warsaw under the administration of when it came under the rule of the general goverment ?
what phenomenon has led to criticism ?
when was the russian policy " indigenization " defunded ?
when did the practice of wiping tapes stop ?
how much of the ipcc attendees are government representatives ?
what co-receptor on the t cell helps in recognizing the mhc-antigen complex ?
what was originally on the spacesuits prior to the clear " fishbowl " helmet ?
what is the name of a uniflow engine that takes in steam in hot areas and exhausts it in cold ?
why are chloroplasts of interest in gmo crops ?
when did khan establish the great yuan ?
where did the panthers practice at for super bowl 50 ?
when is the warsaw gallery weekend held ?
what was the italian title of polo 's book ?
what do tribes use google earth and gps for ?
who was the mvp of super bowl i and ii ?
what , on the part of a teacher , can result in a decrease in student performance
what is the goal of the capabilities approach ?
who was kublai khan 's grandfather ?
what was the chinese name for the central secretariat ?
what sort of power transmission did tesla show off at his labs ?
in what month is the university 's scavenger hunt ?
what was the name of the marco polo episode ?
who did genghis khan assign as his successor ?
approximately how many british drawings are included in the v & a collection ?
approximately how many works by rodin are part of the museum collection ?
what was the date of tesla 's death ?
what is one result of civil rebellion ?
what did virgin media claim bskyb did that resulted virgin not carrying the channels anymore ?
when is luther commemorated in the lutheran calendar of saints ?
how did william shirley feel about french advancement ?
what 's one factor in eroding self-esteem ?
who was the uighur king of qocho ranked above ?
what did article 12 of the allied armistice terms require germany to withdraw from ?
who called themselves the " people 's president " ?
what two environmental conditions are controlled in the museum ?
who sets the legislative agenda in victoria ?
how far west did the mongol empire extend after kuchlug 's demise ?
what are rhodoplasts ' phycobilin pigments combined into ?
where did charles de gaulle and the free french run operations during world war 2 ?
what is the french name for the rhine ?
who tackled mike tolbert and caused a fumble ?
what was a popular type of variety show during the yuan ?
what are phycobilisomes ?
what can the growth elasticity of poverty depend on ?
how many guests attended the dinner celebrating the opening of the grainger market ?
what is a regulatory factor produced by macrophages ?
the long tentacles on the pleurbrachia are protected by what ?
where is kenya located ?
who is the third riches man in america ?
what did the works council directive require ?
what is unknown about the complexity classes between l and p that further prevents determining the value relationship between l and p ?
who captured and held temüjin prisoner around 1177 ?
what body in india provides policy directions to schools ?
what was the name of the upgraded saturn i called ?
who arranged for tesla to demonstrate his system at the ieee ?
when was the salary range listed valid for ( month and year ) ?
where were the lambing flat riots ?
what has a classification system for construction companies ?
what did smedley butler call us foreign policy ?
how many huguenots were killed during this purge ?
which region began to grow and assert itself in the 2000s ?
what was the dual mission as-258 a combination of ?
where did the pharmacist stand in relation to the emperor 's personal physicians ?
what was the doritos customer super bowl ad campaign called ?
how many provinces did the ottoman empire contain in the 17th century ?
how well did kenya do in the beijing olympics ?
what did s & p recommend to somewhat remedy the wealth gap ?
during what type of climate is oxygen 18 in seawater at higher levels ?
what are the two integer responses to a decision problem ?
what type of electric current is needed for electrolysis ?
which of his future general 's fathers helped temüjin escape the tayichi'ud ?
what was the capital of the ottoman empire ?
which area of china did japan conquer in 1931 ?
when did a charlie brown christmas debut ?
what doctor who actress was nominated for an award in 2016 ?
the legislative body , the council , are made up of what type of individuals ?
when the law is a direct target of the protest , what is this called ?
where was the muslim brotherhood founded ?
what does an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent of people of a society result in ?
according to reduction , if x and y can be solved by the same algorithm then x performs what function in relationship to y ?
what type of ballot is used to elect the presiding officer and deputies of the parliament ?
when was doctor who viewing at its highest level ?
in some countries over how many steps can it take to build on government land ?
what type of camera was used to record the moon landing ?
what is the density of all primes compatible with a modulo 9 ?
how many solo tackles did von miller make at super bowl 50 ?
how did morgan react to the request ?
what was the population of the dutch republic before this emigration ?
where can population estimates be extrapolated from ?
who was thought to have killed tugh temur ?
approximately how many objects are in the v & a sculpture collection ?
when was luther 's last sermon ?
what does warszawa mean in polish ?
how many volumes are contained in the library ?
how many cathedrals does newcastle have ?
how many items is the university library home to ?
what did thoreau claim about the majority ?
at which level of education is this sport becoming more popular ?
what effect does trade with poorer countries have on the workers in richer countries ?
what industry was centered in bedfordshire ?
since nasa did n't know how many attempts each test would end up requiring , what did they use instead of numbers for the trials ?
who was the normans ' main enemy in italy , the byzantine empire and armenia ?
how much did the gross agricultural product increase from 2003-04 ?
when was the scottish constitutional convention held ?
compared to other causes , the effect of trade on inequality in america is what ?
what came into force after the new constitution was herald ?
in what year did the scavenger hunt begin ?
who made ralph earl ?
if q=9 and a=3,6 or 9 , how many primes would be in the progression ?
what happened during the plugs-out test during the delay for the spacesuit odor ?
what are pd rings ?
in what month and year was the revised manual of regulations for private schools released ?
what can often be predicted beforehand ?
what animation company worked on some of the reign of terror episodes ?
how long does the members debate last ?
what did abc contribute to the 20th anniversary special ?
what us war has a large amount of civil disobedients ?
what is kenya doing to determine if there are more reserves ?
when was the ipcc trust fund founded ?
how old was newton during super bowl 50 ?
what did tesla see during his strange illnesses when he was young ?
when was bskyb 's digital service launched ?
what is the name of the trophy that all super bowl winners receive ?
what percentage of global assets does the richest 1 % of people have ?
what is norman art 's most well known piece ?
in which case did the court of justice hold that a german court could n't deny a dutch building company the right to enforce a contract based in germany ?
who was count of melfi
what are some advantages of hospital pharmacies ?
who is the only quarterback to win a super bowl with two teams ?
this person proposed explanations for the origins of earthquakes and the formation of mountains , what was his name ?
how many muslims are in greater london ?
cilia can g ow up too what length ?
on what railroad was salamanca used ?
when did president uhuru kenyatta sign a security law amendment bill ?
scientists disagree with how the amazon rainforest changed over time with some arguing that it was reduced to isolated refugia seperated by what ?
who is a bill referred to for a ruling on whether it 's within the powers of the parliament ?
how old was newton during super bowl 50 ?
name a text that might be used by a religious teacher to teach .
what type of group is the islamic state ?
which other empires or dynasties did genghis khan conquer ?
how many homes had bskyb 's direct-to-home satellite service available to them in 2010 ?
which theorem would be invalid if the number 1 were considered prime ?
who can decide on legal matters in islam ?
under which courts is most eu law applied ?
how did other countries have copies of the show ?
who was the creator of nypd blue ?
in 2005 , approximately how many members were in the umc ?
other than point conception , what landmark is used in the other definition of southern california ?
what molecules are parts of the body of an organism in immunology ?
what did 'da yuan tong zhi ' mean ?
how many types of thylakoids are there ?
where was the manned spacecraft center located ?
what is the name of the largest indoor shopping centre in europe ?
who was westinghouse 's chief rival ?
how many teams has manning won the super bowl with ?
if np is not equal to p , viewed through this lens , what type of problems can also be considered intractable ?
in what language did espn deportes broadcast the game ?
to what pathogen that causes gas gangrene is oxygen poisonous ?
when did luther waken with more chest pains ?
what relationship with israel is sadat for ?
who influenced bismark besides his neighbors ?
who did president kibaki run against ?
what injury did the carolina panthers lose kelvin benjamin to during their preseason ?
how are incomes distributed in sweden ?
how many students does the university of chicago have enlisted ?
what is malum in se considerations ?
after an eventful and tiring year for the world during 1968 , what type of ending to the year did the images from space provide ?
how much did capital cities communications purchase abc and its properties for ?
what organization is the ipcc a part of ?
when did japan release a statement to tell israelis to withdraw from the palestine ?
who organized the trees of the amazon into four categories ?
what month and year was apollo 13 launched ?
after reopening , where will the art pieces be located after restoration ?
whose work corrected aristotle 's physics in the seventeenth century ?
what does ctenophore mean in greek ?
what was the name of the battle that marked the first confederate win in florida ?
who build the major port city in kenya ?
which courts have a duty to interpret domestic law as far as possible ?
how many panthers defense players were selected for the pro bowl ?
how many panthers players were selected to the pro bowl ?
who led the attack of the french colony in 1565 ?
when was the wedding banquet celebrated ?
who sacked newton a few plays after the challenge ?
what is the name of the first aviation community built ?
what are members who have been baptized as an infant or child but who have not subsequently professed their own faith ?
who coached each super bowl 50 participant in their most recent super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 ?
how many interceptions did aqib talib have for the regular season ?
what introduces inequality to a country ?
how wide is the upper rhine plain ?
where is the rhine ?
by what means were scientists able to liquefy air ?
who was one man who joined hands and said " lord of the church , we are united in thee ... ? "
who relaunched doctor who in 2005 ?
how many members make up the judicial council ?
what british cultural trend during the georgian is linked to design during the same period ?
which two importers claimed that under a french competition law , they were prevented from selling picon beer under wholesale price ?
what type of hypersensitivity is associated with allergies ?
what antibody is transported from the mother to baby across the placenta ?
what channel shows repeats of the doctor who shows ?
which irish cities had large huguenot enclaves ?
what group did luther want to understand his works ?
what is the name of the mystical type of islam ?
in 1890 , who did the university decide to team up with ?
which region of california is palm springs located in ?
what may be possible for multiple kuznets ' cycles to be in at any given time ?
what does paul krugmen think has had an observable effect on inequality in the u.s. ?
what monument is in memory of the largest insurrection of wwii ?
what did the lmp acronym stand for regarding the block ii launch positions ?
when was the european communities act created ?
to monitor what event would measuring radiance from vegetation provide information ?
which gender is more populous across all groups in jacksonville ?
what kind of destruction did the 1994 earthquake cause the most of in us history ?
how do you determine the acceleration of a rope when two people are pulling it ?
in which year did the v & a 's word and image department began a large scale digitization project ?
what are environmentalists concerned about having released from the amazon region ?
what is lower in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries ?
high pressure steam engines were small enough that they could be used in what application ?
in what year did tesla go to colorado springs ?
how many types of religious or spiritual teachers are there in christianity ?
who is elected at the beginning of each term ?
how far from warsaw does the vistula river 's environment change noticeably ?
in what year did tesla receive a nobel prize bid ?
what does 'pax mongolica ' mean ?
what occurs when electron clouds overlap from different atoms ?
what was tymnet
when did the partnership between tesla , lane and vail form ?
what new typeface was created for abc for use in advertising ?
what percentage of money raised was earmarked for causes in the san francisco area ?
in what episode did doctor who get a new cycle of regenerations ?
the complexity of problems often depends on what ?
who taped video intros for doctor who shows in canada , that included a trivia question ?
what was the ratio of men to women at harvard/radcliffe ?
to force japan to be more involved in the crisis , what did saudi and kuwaiti government do ?
when was the old truman brewery founded ?
how much is the sieve method of gas production used ?
what types of schools are most ergänzungsschulen ?
which university did tesla audit in 1880 ?
who was thomas commerford martin ?
what is the typical working fluid in a steam engine ?
what is needed to make combustion happen ?
where is galaxy public school located ?
what band is considered by many to be the first black metal group ?
what kind of weapons did tesla 's treatise concern ?
when did mark woods leave abc ?
what type of physics model did einstein fail to make ?
how was coal transferred from the river banks to colliers ?
where does the middle rhine flow between bingen and bonn ?
zoning requirements , environmental impact , budgeting , and logistics are things who should consider ?
what season was it when genghis khan took xiliang-fu from the tanguts ?
what are chloroplasts in mesophyll cells specialized for ?
in latin america what is the most revered skin color ?
where was the khwarezmid capital moved after genghis khan 's forces prevailed in samarkand ?
what would a teacher assess the levels of a student on ?
the party awarded a seat is the one with the highest what ?
what did he hope to locate underground ?
what were the civil wars caused by the huguenots called ?
what is the name of the pulitzer prize novelist who was also a university alumni ?
when did the san francisco bay area last host the super bowl ?
where can aeolian sand with a number of dunes be found ?
what is the largest city the rhine runs through ?
what co-receptor recruits molecules inside the t cell that are responsible for cell activation ?
how many households had bskyb service in 1994 ?
what doctor who story from 1970 is available on blu-ray ?
what are among the most well known experiments in structural geology ?
what happened to apollo 13 ?
to which period is the largest item from italy that is included in the sculpture collection dated ?
what was the fresno fairgrounds used as ?
what does chloroplastidan mean ?
in what year did original fiction featuring doctor who appear ?
how was the population of mnemiopsis in the black sea and the sea of azov brought under control ?
some of the combs in the v & a collection of south east asian art is made of what material ?
who was the quarterback for the broncos 2015 season ?
whose theory did tesla disagree with ?
what former building is currently known as grand 1401 ?
the black plague ravaged europe for three years followed by what country ?
what country has higher scores on standardized tests than the u.s. ?
how many valves did the corliss engine use ?
what way do some people perform civil disobedience in a constructive way ?
what is the name of the team from usc ?
who designed the illumination systems that tesla electric light & manufacturing installed ?
what were tyneside flats built as ?
what is the name of the post-independence government school system in malaysia ?
how many teams have played in the super bowl eight times ?
what are other major fatality causes ?
what are examples of clinical services that pharmacists can provide ?
who was the chairman and ceo of disney in 2002 ?
what do a plant 's chloroplasts descend from ?
at the time of martin luther what was in demand ?
during which era did the aztec and incan empires thrive ?
disney paid for the jungle book , alice through the looking glass , and which other film trailer to be aired during the game ?
what is stage 1 in the life of a bill ?
what was one location the noise readings in newcastle were taken at ?
what was a first for this network
when did he talk about his thoughts on gender ?
why is giving a defiant speech sometimes more harmful for the individual ?
when tesla attempted to photograph mark twain , what was the only thing that showed up on the image ?
what does the inner mitochondria membrane do ?
who was brought it to work on the museum after the death of captain francis fowke ?
why do some tribes use remote sensing technology ?
what was the brazilian french colony called ?
what did the church do when luther refused to retract his writings ?
since when was the rhine part of the areal of hallstatt culture ?
what are the two abc affiliates for grand rapids michigan ?
in which year did john sheepshanks donated a large collection of paintings ?
what is secreted by the respiratory tract to trap microorganisms ?
when did the pope warned luther of excommunication ?
when was the new two-year affiliate agreement approved ?
what term do islamists think should be applied to them ?
how is dioxygen most simply described ?
approximately how many items are in the glass collection of the v & a ?
sky uk limited is formerly known by what name ?
who was the mvp of super bowl xli ?
how did genghis khan observed the surrender terms after samarkand fell ?
what creatures were the most popular monsters in the series ?
who slipped on the levi 's stadium turf in week 6 of the 2015 nfl season ?
where was melanchthon at the time ?
what was the name of the time the upper rhine form a border between france and germany ?
what did luther call his stay a wartburg castle ?
what are colloblasts ?
how much more oxygen dissolves at 0 degrees c than at 20 degrees c ?
what position does demaryius thomas play ?
how many doctors were in kenya in 2011 ?
how many us states do no practice corporal punishment ?
when did sky launch a tv advertising campaign target towards women ?
the redesigned central garden opened in 2005 with what new moniker ?
what protection comes after the innate response ?
what percentage was the increase of agricultural products in 2003-04 ?
what age does basic education start ?
what is the chinese name for the yuan dynasty ?
who is responsible for ensuring the parliament works smoothly ?
who developed the actinide concept ?
what relative of doctor who traveled with him in the early episodes ?
how was it suggested that the ipcc avoid political problems ?
when was kublai 's administration running out of money ?
what abc division handles domestic television distribution ?
in early pleistocene , what direction did the rhine flow ?
how is newport 's airport connected to the city ?
what put a hierarchical structure in place ?
where on the side are the two cast courts located ?
what makes energy changes in a closed system ?
which organization released a california earthquake forecast ?
what is the name of the spiritual teacher in hinduism ?
what was the first building erected that still forms part of the museum ?
what modern-day country was tesla born in ?
when was the european convention on human rights established ?
what has having an eu citizenship increased ?
which player played even though he broke his arm two weeks prior to the super bowl ?
who was the designer of the oriental courts ?
what type of religious behavior was tesla against ?
what is the process by which pathogens evade the immune system by hiding inside the host cells called ?
what is the name of the organization in charge of running the clubs at the university ?
when was the riemann hypothesis proposed ?
what company created doctor who ?
how many years has thomas davis played in the nfl ?
what architecture type came after norman in england ?
what did giving money to the church absolve the giver from ?
what type of regime ruled over sudan for many years ?
by the late 19th century , which country had the largest empire ever to exist in the world ?
who did noble acquire the rights to the american broadcasting company name from ?
which country refused to content to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 ?
what city is near a major statue of genghis khan ?
if there is a conflict between eu law and national law , which law take precedence ?
who are fda laws against importing medications aimed at ?
when did tesla make these claims ?
what can lead to higher wages for members of labor organizations ?
which husband and wife modern furniture design team are represented in the v & a furniture collection ?
in which continent besides asia were major gains made by the british empire in the late 19th century ?
what was the only comedy to earn a second season for the 2010-11 schedule ?
who was appointed to be abc 's president by noble in 1950 ?
if the head of government refuses to enforce a decision of the highest court what terminology could be used ?
whose goals often still oppose the ipcc ?
who approached the bbc in 1989 about relaunching the show ?
what decreased in number between 1984 and 1991 ?
what position does von miller play for the denver broncos ?
what do bundle sheath chloroplasts specialize in ?
when was the muslim brotherhood founded ?
the rhine is the longest river in what country ?
what are some chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts missing ?
what are the catechisms of martin luther written in ?
what innovation in mongolian language is credited to genghis khan ?
what country currently has a group who call themselves huguenots ?
who confirmed watt 's discovery of latent heat ?
what is a single plastoglobuli called ?
why was tesla returned to gospic ?
what is included in medication therapy management ?
on what service were all my children and one life to live revived on for one season ?
what were x.25 and frame relay used for
what certificate is often earned after graduating high school ?
what did luther say would allow the jews to stay ?
though trained as a lawyer , what profession did maududi pursue instead ?
what was the pinedale assembly center ?
how did the black death make it to the mediterranean and europe ?
when did kublai ban the international mongol slave trade ?
what natives were displaced by british takeover in florida ?
which khanates had converted to islam ?
what gender are most species of ctenophores ?
which central european country had a calvinist ruler ?
what group killed thousands of huguenots ?
which canal was dug in france to carry rhine 's water ?
what player played in the super bowl after breaking his arm two weeks before ?
how long are students required to learn welsh ?
in which direction does the west side of fresno neighborhood lie to the 99 freeway ?
what are examples of the various religions of mongol tribes ?
what is the nickname for the delta in the netherlands ?
what has caused savanna regions to grow into the south american tropics in the last 34 million years ?
what year did charles avison die in newcastle ?
what actor did sign language for the national anthem at superbowl 50 ?
in what year was roger ii made king ?
what year did doctor who finally return to television ?
what minor amount of liquid oxygen was produced by early french experimenters ?
who is an example of the diversity of leadership in the mongol empire ?
which army attacked and destroyed this colony ?
who sold the rights ?
what were the two main theories of immunity at the end of the 19th century ?
what are cestida called ?
how many base pairs are there in synechococcus dna ?
who did jochi reportedly enlist to help him stop his father 's massacres ?
whose first law of motion says that unless acted upon be forces , objects would continue to move at a constant velocity ?
which doctors were in project : lazarus ?
an important shaman was alleged to be trying to distance genghis khan from which of his brothers ?
what drove increased rental prices in east new york ?
where did john paul ii celebrate mass in warsaw ?
into what language did marlee matlin translate the national anthem ?
in what form is oxygen transported in smaller containers ?
what is defined as the majority vote ?
what is the largest medical school in poland ?
how many types of science fiction have been impacted by tesla ?
what is the worlds largest academic and private library system ?
what do the devonshire hunting tapestries depict ?
which doctor was the current doctor during the 50th anniversary special ?
which television network aired the super bowl ?
who did genghis khan unite before he began conquering the rest of eurasia ?
which century was there a program to straighten the rhine ?
where are some of the best medical facilities in east-central europe located ?
who did alexander i marry ?
what is chloroplast dna abbreviated as ?
what sorts of items are displayed in the esteve pharmacy museum ?
what is the united states at risk for because of the recession of 2008 ?
when did the church reform begin ?
what are some of the causes of child labor ?
what book is revised after every general conference ?
what can proplastids become ?
in what month and year did the apollo 11 mission occur ?
who are the chief administrators of the church ?
who began publishing doctor who novels in 2005 ?
what are the biggest burdens ?
peyton manning took how many different teams to the super bowl ?
what did all three cathedrals in newcastle begin their existence as ?
setting speed limits was one of the further devolutions which was conferred by what act ?
what does afc stand for ?
where was a beer , wine and food festival held at prior to the super bowl ?
in what language was most of the statement written ?
which group did not agree to sign these agreements ?
what is the total number of professors , instructors , and lecturers at harvard ?
what were huguenots who stayed in france eventually known as ?
what can work to even the distribution of wealth ?
how much larger would cicada predator populations be if cicada outbreaks occurred at 14 and 15 year intervals ?
why did the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences ?
what typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser ?
who wrote the mutants ?
when did this leader publish a french language bible ?
what south african vice consul did harvard students blockade the speech of ?
which is one of the park features located in north fresno ?
what was the image of luther a contrast to the life of ?
who was responsible for the decorations of the centre refreshment room ?
where do cryptophyte chloroplasts store starch ?
when did kenya gain independance ?
how would the geographical societies in europe support certain travelers ?
who was the head of the household that temüjin joined when he was nine years old ?
when did the v & a acquired the costiff collection ?
when is the game 's media day usually held ?
what cbs website provided a stream ?
how much weight could the saturn ib send into space with this amount of thrust ?
who studies the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process ?
when did pope leo x excommunicate luther ?
what alumni member also write the bestseller before i fall ?
in what episode does the eleventh doctor first acknowledge his number ?
the uniflow engine is an attempt to fix an issue that arises in what cycle ?
what action by luther added to antisemitism in germany ?
besides the arguments with rome and his own fellow reformers , what scandal contributed to luther 's failing health ?
what is the key accomplishment of genghis khan that modern mongolians celebrate ?
what is the name of the river that is completely contained inside jacksonville ?
what type of wages do people unable to afford an education receive ?
how many research centers does the university run on campus ?
what are the points of algebro-geometric objects ?
where were the devonshire hunting tapestries made ?
what is warsaw 's symbol ?
what did tesla first receive after starting his company ?
what battle outside quebec city did british lose in 1760 ?
what did tesla do for a job that paid two dollars a day ?
how many turnovers did the panthers force during the nfc championship game ?
what event was blamed on the introduction of mnemiopsis into the black sea ?
which coastline does southern california touch ?
how many volumes does the john crerar library roughly hold ?
what lab does the university have a joint stake in ?
what does luther 's hymn christ unser herr zum jordan kam concern ?
what tax rate has a direct relationship with income inequality ?
in what battle were the mongols defeated by the tran ?
how much did enrollment increase ?
when did oil start getting priced in the terms of gold ?
what is the goal of islamist groups like hezbollah and hamas ?
what type of climate does kenya have ?
to which year is the becket casket dated ?
which group headlined the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
what did astor expect the money be used for ?
the owner typically awards a contract to who ?
what does a teacher teach in primary school ?
what coach left the broncos after the season prior to super bowl 50 ?
in many countries , what kind of pay gap is there ?
what does it mean when a harmonic series diverges ?
what topic do private bills typically have ?
where was the espn deportes spanish version of super bowl 50 available ?
when was the parental leave directive created ?
what are the independant components of a vector sum that has been determined by scalar addition of individual vectors ?
what was the bbc hoping that an independent production firm would do for doctor who ?
what two governors agreed to a truce to protect their young colonies ?
what year was the latest addition to the church of st. andrew ?
in what year did the nfl switch to a 16-game regular season ?
what made emigration to these colonies attractive ?
what chinese-style name did rinchinbal use ?
who did abercrombie replace as commander in chief ?
what policy did the kelven report contain ?
how is most plants ' cpdna arranged ?
who were the super bowl 50 sideline announcers ?
what was the name of the play performed in the 1970 's ?
what does a t cell extend when it encounters a foreign pathogen ?
why did opec block oil deliveries to the united states ?
from where would scientists like measure vegetation radiance ?
what was the team the carolina panthers played immediately prior to the nfc championship game ?
when did great britain claim australia ?
what was the forerunner of the modern-day ieee ?
who is considered the leading figure in the arts and crafts movement ?
what is the area called where two plates move apart ?
what second part of air was deemed lifeless by lavoisier ?
what does mark u. edwards claim as a possible cause of luther 's antisemitism ?
what south african industry descended from huguenot settlers ?
when was waruhiu itote captured ?
from what project did the apollo 11 crew consist entirely of ?
what later actions by the nazis could be traced back to luther 's rhetoric ?
what does fortiter defendit triumphans mean ?
when did li tan lead a revolt ?
what is kenya known for ?
with whom was temüjin 's first important alliance ?
along with diesel engines , what engines have overtaken steam engines for marine propulsion ?
what is the center library in the harvard library system ?
what is name of the function used for the largest integer not greater than the number in question ?
about how many cubic meters of make-up water is used by a 700-megawatt coal-fired power plant for evaporative cooling hourly ?
where did tesla go upon leaving gospic ?
how sure did the statement say scientists were that temperatures would keep rising ?
when did the fcc approve upt 's purchase of abc ?
what did luther use the hymn to encourage colleagues to do ?
who designed the main façade that stretches along cromwell gardens ?
what is the oxygen partial pressure of space suits ?
who represents the scottish parliament at home and abroad in an official capacity ?
what was the theme of super bowl 50 ?
between which two streets along kearney boulevard were wealthy african-americans at one time residing ?
what kind of protists are euglenophytes ?
the censuring of the santer commission resulted in which main case ?
what work of luther 's is seen as a clear religious teaching ?
who produced the doctor who revival series ?
some of the objects held in the jameel gallery of islamic art come from which european country ?
what is one of the first responses the immune system has to infection ?
when did wls launch a lineup of abc radio programs ?
who ordained the first methodist clergy ?
what is the largest denomination within the wider methodist movement ?
what inventor built on to the findings of philo of byzantium ?
in what year did enr compile data in nine market segments ?
what did the king do to regarding huguenot education ?
how populous is victoria compared to other australian states ?
when was the last episode of the original series ?
what was the final score of the afc championship game ?
on what television station could an american viewer watch the game ?
what work is useful for pastors ?
how many primary affiliates did cbs have in 1954 ?
which archaeologist proposed the idea that the amazon rainforest could n't sustain large populations ?
after the capital cities - abc merger , frederick pierce was named to what position ?
who did the u.s. collaborate with on an earth orbit mission in 1975 ?
what is the name for o3 most often used ?
what kind of t cells have the purpose of modulating the immune response ?
how did luther say that reason contributes to faith ?
who directed stormy monday ?
primitive jawless vertebrates possess an array of receptors referred to as what ?
what team was the nfc champion ?
how many us presidents are alumni of the school ?
what is atp synthase similar to ?
which pharmacists are likely to seek additional education following pharmacy school ?
why were vocational subjects most important ?
what is the force between nucleons ?
what do some researchers believe is the earliest-diverging animal phylum is ?
what seed was the carolina panthers ?
in how many places is oxygen stored in its cycle ?
what does the template for bills passed by the scottish parliament include ?
how is worst-case time complexity written as an expression ?
what did melanchthon call the marriage ?
what are the " big five " animals in kenya ?
what was developed from watt 's measurements on a model steam engine ?
orientalism refers to how the west developed a what of the east ?
what was the belief that maintaining motion required force ?
what talk show replaced one life to live ?
how many tons of live plants were found to live in one square kilometer of the amazon rainforest in 1999 ?
which of genghis khan 's sons completed the conquest of the jin dynasty ?
what year did consolidation cause jacksonville to become part of duval county ?
how are the galleries overlooking the garden arranged ?
what was the name of the count of apulia
what do all member states agree takes precedence over national law ?
what was the domain name of the site that streamed the super bowl 50 game ?
when did the syrian civil war begin ?
who led the science and environmental policy project ?
if an extraordinary election is held within less than six months before the date of an ordinary election , what does it do to the ordinary election ?
how wide is the rhine in germany between emmrich and cleves ?
what theory accounted for the mercury problem ?
what is the upper range of annual fees for non-boarding students in british public schools ?
what was found to be at fault for the fire in the cabin on apollo 1 regarding the cm design ?
what other sources of high oxidative potential can add to a fire ?
which tefu article states that no quantitative restrictions can be placed on trade ?
what was abu hamaz al-masri charged with when he was arrested ?
how much resources were french placing in north america ?
when did kublai move the mongol capital ?
what doctor who was written without doctor who in it ?
what runs from the riverside to higher parts of the city center ?
what is the profession of jake rosenfield ?
what percentage of electrical power in the united states is made by steam turbines ?
what did he believe the ether did ?
what did tesla think could improve the brain 's intelligence ?
what is the main goal of criminal punishment of civil disobedients ?
what group started peace meetings ?
where does the name rhine derive from ?
what is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in europe ?
what makes day length constant on earth ?
what is the start of the salary year ?
who designed abc 's 1998 new graphic design ?
what instrument became a national instrument in germany ?
who suggested that imperialism was the " highest " form of capitalism ?
what does the local council hope will help cut down traffic congestion in newcastle ?
which nasa orbiter photographed evidence of each site on the moon that a manned apollo mission landing occurred ?
who was the leader who established the colony at florida ?
what institution has helped farmers grow new pigeon pea varieties ?
the influence of india can be seen in which religious art objects from thailand , burma and cambodia ?
what was the effect of the housing crash on the region ?
who was the first nasa scientist in space ?
what is another name to describe the science of teaching ?
who did tesla refuse to see following the accident ?
what was tesla 's monthly consultant salary ?
what group was responsible for causing more violence in wittenberg ?
how often are elections held for the victorian parliament ?
what did the church claim could be avoided with money ?
when are subject committees established ?
what is the origin of clinical pharmacy ?
what eventually happened to the block i program after the incident ?
what does zhèng mean ?
what are three kinds of phagocytes ?
how many acres does the v & a cover ?
what do a great majority of rocks sampled from the moon show ?
where were persians more successful compared to chinese in the yuan ?
who was genghis 's 3rd son ?
where was the first settlement in victoria ?
what translation of luther 's is still used today ?
who wants a more confrontational type of discipline ?
what is in eldon square ?
in what type of water does oxygen dissolve more slowly ?
the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice is called what ?
who won the mvp for the super bowl ?
a column from which moorish palace and fortress complex in granada , spain , is included in the v & a collection ?
on what type of exponentiation does the diffie–hellman key exchange depend on ?
what is the force that causes rigid strength in structures ?
what is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings ?
which is the largest city not connected to an interstate highway ?
what are the specific divisors of all even numbers larger than 2 ?
what kind of non-peer-reviewed sources does the ipcc use ?
the title of the digitization project was a reference to which artist ?
in what year were two block i csms launched ?
in a platoon style teaching , what gives the children security ?
how many vice presidents are on the student board ?
what are deacons granted if they are appointed as pastor in a local church ?
what did martin luther fear after a lightening bolt struck near him ?
what is the term used to identify a deterministic turing machine that has additional random bits ?
what protestant religions made northern european counties safe for huguenot immigration ?
the immune system also produces what molecules in order to allow for tumor destruction by the complement system ?
who will be the new executive producer of doctor who in 2018 ?
who was at the receiving end of a 22-yard pass from peyton manning ?
on what other calendar is luther commemorated ?
what makes the wells fargo center stand out ?
what are other alternative names for french and indian war ?
how many times has the south florida/miami area hosted the super bowl ?
reports document that how many parisien protestants were killed by september 17 ?
which city is planned to be a part of the california high speed rail ?
why does unemployment harm growth ?
where are bills typically gestated in stage 1 ?
what career does joseph stiglitz have ?
what is one of the reason that us production has been held responsible for recessions and lower economic growth ?
who led the mongolian borjigin clan ?
in 2012-13 , abc debuted a comedy last man standing starring who ?
the umc established and is affiliated with approximately how many colleges and universities in the u.s. ?
where do the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to ?
who took control of edison 's company .
after the dornbirner ach was diverted , where does the rhine flow now ?
which country is the most dependent on arab oil ?
what was tesla 's ac system used for in pittsburgh ?
what was the average budget for abc movie of the week films ?
when did the general sejm make warsaw it 's permanent seat ?
what would a preschool teacher make , salary-wise ?
what is the name of the program that provides contracting work to local companies ?
what term resulted from dioscorides ' book ?
what was the first lutheran hymnal ?
what genre of film was the 1988 film stormy monday ?
who was the first person to play the master ?
what was the source of the rhine in the last ice age ?
what weapons were the zulus using during the anglo-zulu war of 1879 ?
who did josel of rosheim blame for the condition of jews in saxony ?
who did the bbc work with to reconstruct some of the invasion episodes ?
what is the only form potential energy can change into ?
what country has low income inequality and high presence of unions ?
when was the cretaceous-paleogen extinction occur ?
what position in the government does robert gates hold ?
when many people are arrested , what is a common tactic negotiating ?
what individual is the school named after ?
the two listed teams play for which ncaa group ?
what did artur oppman give to the world ?
how were british able to cut supplies to louisbourg ?
what year was the university 's first president given his position ?
how much did the milton friedman institute roughly cost ?
what is another term for shortening the admission event ?
what was the first spacecraft to orbit another celestial body ?
who can question statements the first minister or members of the cabinet make ?
in what year did fresno become an incorporated city ?
what story has little foundation in truth ?
how much did the second stage increase thrust by with the integration of the s-ivb-200 ?
by 199 how many universities were connected
what movie awards show does abc currently hold the rights to ?
what problems did the yuan dynasty have near its end ?
who along with russia supported post ww-ii communist movements ?
when was the defeat of napoleonic france ?
what did president kennedy do in response to the soviet flight in regards of america 's program ?
how are the rates of social goods in countries with higher inequality ?
what are pharmacists in the united kingdom being increasingly paid for ?
what did itv increase their yearly offer for control of the rights to broadcast the primer league to ?
how much time was left in the game when denver took the score to 24-10 ?
what venue did super bowl 50 take place in ?
other than his scientific achievements what was tesla famous for ?
who ordered loudoun to attack louisbourg ?
how many people were registered to receive the hd service prior to launch ?
in what year did abc 's viewership end in 4th place behind the other major networks ?
what country did the rhine continue to rise during the holocene ?
what was the average family size ?
common sense realism of what scottish philosophers did agassiz incorporate in his dual view of knowedge ?
what does ctenophora mean in greek ?
why has the corruption not be in the public view ?
what did josel of rosheim claimed that luther said of those who might aid the jews ?
how successful was the french revised efforts ?
when was the joint statement on climate change issued ?
who assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism ?
what monarchy did western troops protect ?
at what university is bellomy field located ?
by what century did researchers see that they could liquefy air ?
who did the broncos tie with the most sacks in a super bowl ?
how is the process of allocating seats repeated until all available seats have been determined ?
which gallery was redesigned in the 1990s and later improved in 2002 ?
along with mills and mines , in what industrial locations did steam drive machines ?
how much can the sp alter income tax in scotland ?
who long was the broadcast delay claimed to be the first time the series premiered ?
what are committees in the scottish parliament compared to other systems ?
enr used data on what to rank top 400 firms as heavy contractors ?
what does abc on demand disallow for online viewers ?
when was europe fully forested and recovered from the last ice age ?
what type of plea is sometimes taken as an act of disobedience ?
what team had 244 yards in super bowl xxxv ?
what was the name of the norman castle ?
when did the four rightly guided caliphs die ?
what was the percentage of a female householder with no husband present ?
where is doctor who the record holder for most successful science fiction series of all time ?
what is the oldest exhibition site in warsaw ?
when was europe 's last major epidemic ?
what huguenot area is designated as a historical landmark ?
in what major portion of living things is oxygen found ?
who proclaimed the oil embargo ?
when did oxygen begin to move from the oceans to the atmosphere ?
what percentage of australia 's dairy cattle are found in victoria ?
who produced the comedy-drama the love boat ?
which engineer made the induction motor more efficient ?
what is seeing the holy bible as the primary authority in the church ?
what do the waal and the nederrijn-lek discharge throguh ?
what mountain range did genghis khan cross to enter the khwarezmian empire ?
when was a study conducted of swedish counties ?
besides cultural events , what other tourist attraction does victoria have ?
what two factors can generally increase a teacher 's salary ?
what district of warsaw chose the president between 1994 and 1999 ?
in which year did the gallery of indian art open ?
who was the norse leader ?
what is creon trying to stop antigone from doing in the play ?
from what does photosynthesis get oxygen ?
what year did bskyb acquire sky italia ?
what does it mean for a knot to be considered indecomposable ?
who ordered the attack on the caravan of traders genghis khan send to khwarezmia ?
what was kublai khan 's relation to ogedei khan ?
what is the largest city in all of california ?
how is luther commemorated on the lutheran , episcopal , and church of england calendars ?
why did the series end in 2011 ?
how old was peyton manning in 2015 ?
which time period does the sculpture collection cover ?
why did warsaw gain the title of the " phoenix city " ?
what is the law of thermodynamics associated with closed system heat exchange ?
what are the two abc affiliates for kansas city , missouri ?
what was the white population of jacksonville as of 2010 ?
how much did the statement predict global surface temperature would increase by 2100 ?
what term corresponds to the maximum measurement of time across all functions of n ?
which is more costly , formal , or informal imperialism ?
what two comedies were featured on abc 's new wednesday comedy lineup ?
what is another term for x-ray imaging ?
after asking if the books were his , what else did eck ask luther ?
which countries were the european coal and steel community agreement between ?
who conquered much of england after the end of roman imperial rule ?
at the time of its formation , how many members did the umc have ?
what was the ultimate development of the horizontal engine ?
when was the outbreak of world war i ?
where did british resettle many acadians ?
how many more landing sites for the apollo missions did nasa have planned ?
who found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had any sense of responsibility ?
what increases with the increase of income inequality ?
to what did martin luther devote all his attention ?
how many affiliates does sinclair broadcast group service or own ?
how many expansion stages are used by the triple expansion engine ?
what does the sea monster with a female upper body hold in its claws ?
what were british plans against french ?
who stated he wanted israel to vanish ?
who else did tesla make the acquaintance of in 1886 ?
what is another term for tesla 's visualization ability ?
the amazon region is home to how many species of insect ?
what is the name of one algebraic generalization prime numbers have inspired ?
what are incompetent government 's commitment to social justice limited to ?
when was zia-ul-haq killed ?
what was one thing that was specifically tested on the apollo 4 test launch regarding the cm ?
what scientist created the daleks , by mutation ?
what gene is responsible for converting calcidiol into calcitriol ?
what type of living does cycling promote ?
many changes in the vegetation of the amazon rainforest took place since the last glacial maximum , which was how many years ago ?
how many pd rings are there ?
what are examples of differentiated effector cells that peak during wake periods ?
what is the study of proteins involved in immune response known as ?
the v & a is looking to open a branded gallery in which city in scotland ?
where did the broncos practice for the super bowl ?
by which year did chrysler ended its full sized luxury model ?
in which year did alexander dyce bequeathed his books to the museum ?
after the operators are warned by the escape of the steam , what may they then do ?
how many interceptions did cam newton throw ?
what apollo mission was the sixth moon landing ?
who did tesla credit for his abilities ?
when are inequalities in wealth justified , according to john rawls ?
what was the fort that was being built to be named ?
what is the name of one type of modern primality test ?
what food bacteria is an example of intracellular pathogenesis ?
on whose comments is the posting on the door based ?
who designed the möllendorff dinner service ?
residential construction can generate what is not carefully planned ?
what is the term for catching the motivation expressed by the teacher ?
when did tides and currents similar to our current system begin ?
statues of british artists adorn which part of the tower above the main entrance ?
what is the name of the largest university press in the u.s ?
which country 's invasion show the insecurity of the middle east ?
what may members question the first minister about directly during first minister 's question time ?
what did luther claim the church would have to comprise if the law were not taught ?
what difficulties was shirly having ?
what product was notably shipped in vessels equipped with double and triple expansion engines ?
what shakespeare scholar is currently on the university 's faculty ?
what delimits the delta of the rhine in the west ?
how are austpac connections made
what was the premise of woodrow wilson 's inquiry ?
what does the tardis look like ?
where did american troops remain stationed after saddam 's defeat ?
when did the attack occur in which the normans impressed prince guaimar iii occur ?
who was bill aiken 's adopted mother ?
who do coordinating lead authors report to ?
what strains of y. pestis were found in the mass graves ?
how much oxygen is found is a liter of fresh water under normal conditions ?
where did kublai move the mongol capital to ?
what toxin induces apoptosis in the target cell ?
what halftime performer previously headlined super bowl xlviii ?
what term best describes southern california 's collection of landscapes ?
who originally led the space task group ?
what is an example of a measurement within a complexity class that would create a bigger set of problems if the bounds were relaxed ?
indigenous territories are largely being destroyed in what two ways ?
what did mlolongo system lead to ?
who were the two lay preachers that wesley ordained as presbyters ?
what trading route joined khwarezmia and the mongol empire ?
how else can petrologists understand the temperature at which different mineral phases appear ?
who was on the receiving end of a 45-yard pass from cam newton ?
when did the il-khanate experiment with paper money ?
what are two examples of measurements are bound within algorithms to establish complexity classes ?
where are nearly all teachers taught ?
in which year was reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of gems was bequeathed to the museum ?
what kind of war did luther support against the turks , even if he did not oppose a religious war ?
who was the head coach of the broncos in super bowl xlviii ?
what is a term for the reversing of steam flow in a piston engine after each stroke ?
where does heat rejection occur in the rankine cycle ?
what was the title given to the major project to redesign all the galleries in the museum ?
to luther , what were all baptized christians considered to be ?
who has design authority over all of the digital satellite receivers that are capable of using their service ?
when was victoria first settled ?
on what day was super bowl opening night held ?
against what country was kennedy promising superiority over ?
what is tesla 's home country ?
who recorded the theme played for season 18 ?
what was the name for the imaging campaign abc began in 2007 ?
how many acl injuries has thomas davis had during his career ?
what characteristic of oxygen makes it necessary to life ?
what was the focus of season 20 of doctor who ?
when was luther called by von staupitz to wittenberg ?
inspired by shelley what was the name of gandhi 's doctrine ?
what is the mortality rate of pneumonic plague ?
what had to happen to each mission before they would continue on to the next mission ?
how much of the protein products of transferred genes do n't go back to chloroplasts ?
when was the university of chicago established ?
who is the founder of modern community organizing ?
what is preserved in a closed system of forces when acted upon ?
what does the zachęta national gallery of art organize exhibitions of art from ?
on what game console was the cbs sports app available ?
how big were his artificial bolts ?
what newcastle road heads west to carlisle ?
what do petrologists use electron microprobes in the laboratory for ?
what cells are the second arm of the innate immune system ?
who gave tesla money to go to prague ?
who designed the iron gates that decorate the new entrance building ?
who was responsible for the new building projects in jacksonville ?
the function of long-lived memory cells is an example of what kind of immune response ?
what network approached walt disney about producing color broadcasts of his anthology series ?
what was the largest pottery company in the world in 1817 ?
what day of the week does the time for reflection take place ?
what year did tesla die ?
what is the name for a teacher of just one person ?
in what year did roger goodell call super bowl 50 'an important game for us as a league ' ?
what may also be required of teachers , in some areas ?
when was the victoria and albert museum founded ?
approximately how many items are in the costume collection of the v & a ?
what year was the maastricht treaty signed ?
where would profits go in this new company ?
how many plant species are estimated to be in the amazon region ?
in antigone , who was the target of civil disobedience ?
which rival of the mongols is suspected of inventing the story that genghis khan was murdered by a captured princess ?
which diseases do many scientists believe contributed to plague pandemic ?
what cable company removed abc stations from it 's systems in certain markets in april 2000 ?
what was warsaw 's population in 1901 ?
what received a battering during the siege of newcastle ?
students show more interest in classes taught by what type of teachers ?
who edited electrical world magazine ?
what general religious belief did the nations that received huguenot refugees have in common ?
what did the salafi movement put emphasis on ?
how is packet mode communication implemented
what production company produced the animated series the flintstones for abc ?
on what did luther 's friend blame his sadness and entrance into the cloister ?
what is the area called where one plate subducts under another ?
from where was the muslim historical figure attar , whose murder by the mongols was long remembered ?
which thesis questions the pope 's actions in building the basilica of st. peter with the money of the poor ?
who appointed samuel phillips to man the tiger team to find answers ?
what does the word rheinrinne translate to ?
how can you find the absolute age of sedimentary rock units which do not contain radioactive isotopes ?
what leads to confusion and collapse ?
when did the undergraduate program become coeducational ?
what was temüjin ' sister 's name ?
how many interceptions did josh norman score touchdowns with in 2015 ?
how old was elway during his super bowl xxxiii win ?
how many square kilometres of the amazon forest was lost by 1991 ?
what can cause salaries to go higher than the range ?
in what does the doctrine of legitimate expectations have roots ?
how much area does the university library garden cover ?
what park covers an area of 76 ha . ?
in which year was möllendorff dinner service designed ?
what other english towns were sites of huguenot settlement ?
of all their agreements with hollywood producers in the 50s , which was the most iconic for abc ?
what doctor who spin-off series was commissioned by the bbc ?
who introduced plague to europe ?
what day did the apollo 11 crew return to earth ?
what do carotenoids absorb ?
how were leaders back in europe feeling about news from celeron expedition ?
which section of the rhine is most factories found ?
what happened to his lab ?
about what weather feature do paleoclimatologists want information ?
which region invented the machine gun ?
which country is not badly hit by the embargo ?
where is the famous rock the rhine flows around ?
what alumni wrote " the good war " ?
what does the highest level of the vistula plateau contain ?
during withdrawal from fort william henry , what did some indian allies of french do ?
in which two codes were the roles of pharmacists codified ?
to whom did luther send a letter containing his 95 theses ?
what is the source of oxygen production through electrocatalytic means ?
where do scientists think all of the plagues originated from ?
what disease did tesla catch ?
which parts of the earth are included in the lithosphere ?
what was the name of the telegraph company tesla returned to after it became functional ?
when will ford 's manufacturing plants close ?
how long is one term for an elected president of the cjeu ?
the word imperialism has it 's origins in which ancient language ?
how much time did he claim had to pass before he gave the ray to the world ?
who was the university 's 5th president ?
in what year did tesla go to budapest ?
what were the three parts of kublai 's government ?
what letter did washington present to saint-pierre ?
what scale does trade liberalization shift economic inequality from ?
which station covered the game for north carolina ?
which country faced a complete embargo in the eec ?
when did tesla discover the possibility of wireless connectivity ?
what position does demarcus currently play ?
what marine engines were less efficient than steam turbines ?
what was the king 's first approach to the huguenots ?
jenggis is the adjectival form of what word ?
what 's thomas piketty 's job ?
how many costumes were in the costiff collection ?
how much heavier is oxygen 18 than oxygen 16 ?
what interfered with kublai 's second invasion of japan ?
how much higher was the rate of deforestation in 2000 , to 2005 compared to 1995 to 2000 ?
what has crime rate been show to be correlated with in a society ?
which two religions did tesla express respect for ?
in how many countries did tesla hold patents ?
what do germans call private schools ?
what were the towns granted to the huguenots in 1598 collectively called ?
what was the significance of british win ?
where did jebe die ?
how many abc music stations were owned-and-operated in 1968 ?
what magnitude was the 1994 northridge earthquake ?
what does southern california have a reputation for ?
when did the last glacial end ?
how high is the highest point in warsaw ?
where did tesla believe his talents came from ?
who was the bauhaus typeface originally designed by in the 1920s ?
what types of health outcomes do pharmacists aim for with their patients ?
what signer of the articles of confederation was descended from huguenots ?
what happened with the ground water level with the rhine straightening program ?
how many plant species make up the total in the rainforest ?
what year did robert j. shiller win an economics nobel prize ?
what effort was luther not particularly in favor of ?
when was there a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland ?
what kind of chloroplasts do diatoms have ?
when did europe slowly begin to warm up from the last ice age ?
of what group in the periodic table is oxygen a member ?
what was the name of bohemond 's nephew ?
what is one tradition within the christian church ?
what type of value would the zeta function have if there were finite primes ?
whose relics reside in the becket casket ?
who is newcastle 's primary bus operator in the city proper ?
what festival takes place in april in newcastle ?
in what state is the largest huguenot society located ?
which member state declined to sign the social charter ?
how much of poland 's national income does warsaw produce ?
who holds an annual international arts fair in newcastle ?
what consequence of establishing the scottish parliament applies to scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons ?
what happened to the ground water in the rhine during the rhine straightening program ?
what did agricola apparently believe about who should be in control law ?
which of temüjin 's childhood friends did toghrul suggest he also enlist ?
how long was each episode of doctor who ?
which of genghis khan 's ambassadors did the shah have beheaded ?
how is genghis khan spelled in turkic ?
what was the name of the stadium that the teams played in ?
what working fluid is used in a mercury vapor turbine ?
where was the baptismal hymn used to introduce the reformation ?
trotsky thought what was needed for a true russian revolution .
how many ways did luther justify his opposition to revolt ?
what earlier market did the grainger market replace ?
what concept did philosophers in antiquity use to study simple machines ?
what apollo mission was first cancelled due to not being needed to build the skylab in space , as it was pre-built on the ground ?
how many launch pads were originally planned ?
what type of studies explored student motivation ?
no appointment is official fixed until what occurs ?
which denver linebacker was named super bowl mvp ?
how far from the yard is the quad located ?
complexity classes are generally classified into what ?
what is tertiary endosymbiosis of haptophyte chloroplasts expected to create ?
what amount of bird species on earth are found in the amazon rainforest ?
what complexity class is characterized by a computational tasks and efficient algorithms ?
what drew would-be jacksonville tourists to other florida destinations ?
where does centripetal force go ?
how is the climate near the savannah grasslands ?
what archival system is used for all material at the national art library ?
what are apicoplasts missing ?
what answer denotes that an algorithm has accepted an input string ?
what did the jewish people do so pagan items would n't be in the temple of jerusalem ?
what is a mechanism that can help plants block virus replication ?
how many victorians are catholic ?
where is the coldest section of victoria ?
how many balls did josh norman intercept ?
what position did the tax collector that arrested thoreau get ?
what is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity ?
what former administrative building was used for the msp 's offices ?
what is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity ?
along with one veteran , what other two types of crew could be included in lieu of veterans after the successful landings of apollo 11 and 12 ?
what are some examples of undesirable end results of a project ?
in 1951 , rumors claimed that abc might be sold to what network ?
when was luther 's 95 theses translated into german ?
who is the gallery of indian art named after ?
what engines were used throughout most of the 20th century to propel ships ?
who was imprisoned in newcastle by the scots in 1646 through 1647 ?
what is the mineral wustite ?
what was increased in november 2011 ?
which lone female architect listed above is represented in the collection ?
what offers a conceptual definition of force ?
what is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague ?
when was the tower theatre built ?
where was tesla studying when he started playing cards and billiards ?
what land was ceded to spain ?
what is another name for the tabula rogeriana ?
how many people may have lived in the amazon region during ad 1500 ?
who experimented by rolling stones and canonballs down a steep incline ?
assuming p is a prime other than 2 or 5 , then , according to fermat 's theorem , what type of decimal will 1/p always be ?
graham gano kicked a field goal of how many yards ?
what are eu regulations essentially the same as in the case mentioned ?
what implication can be derived for p and np if p and co-np are established to be unequal ?
what idea was tesla a fan of ?
what size are adult ctenophora ?
what are three examples of complexity classes associated with definitions established by probabilistic turing machines ?
what is very important for the growth of the economy ?
between 1978 an d2008 four year full time undergraduate students were required to complete how many classes outside of their concentration ?
what other cbs talk show played , after the main one that began immediately after super bowl 50 ?
how many vector equations did heaviside and gibbs reformilate maxwell 's 20 scalar equtions into ?
when was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre ?
where were populations centered in colonies ?
what was the population of kenya in 2014 ?
what does child well-being in rich countries correlate most to ?
what is the benefit of red algae being red ?
what kind of fiction is tesla 's work featured in ?
who was the denver head coach for super bowl 50 ?
what was the advantage of the two-phased system
what cultures were part of kublai 's administration ?
what is the delta in the rhine delimited in the west by ?
what happened to the crew onboard during the plugs-out test ?
when upt bough abc , what was the merged company called ?
who decided not to come visit the country in 2013 ?
what conviction did many poles have regarding how the varsovians thought of themselves ?
what feature normally allows the tardis to disguise itself ?
ciliary rosettes pump water into what to control buoyancy ?
what year was casimir pulaski born in warsaw ?
which panther tipped a manning pass to himself and picked it off ?
what type of impact does opportunity-based entrepreneurship tend to have on economic growth ?
what two fields of theoretical computer science closely mirror computational complexity theory ?
from what pad was apollo 5 launched from ?
what is the most critical resource measured to in assessing the determination of a turing machine 's ability to solve any given set of problems ?
what theory was arrived at in 1811 that presented the assumption of diatomic molecules ?
what is the bad air theory officially known as ?
who was drawn to jacksonville in the 1910s ?
what type of soil is considered a product of soil management by indigenous peoples in the amazon forest ?
what was the catalyst that created greater interest in renewable resources ?
what famous musician starred in stormy monday ?
what did luther begin to experience in 1536 ?
who was the broncos ' leading rusher for the 2015 season ?
an 1821 full size oil sketch of which famous british painting was donated by john sheepshank 's daughter in 1888 ?
when did tesla depart graz ?
what was austpac
where are the gonads located ?
who taught temüjin early lessons about politics in mongolia ?
what administrative division did kublai leave unmodified ?
what are the antimicrobial peptides that are the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity called ?
what is the observable effect of w and z boson exchange ?
what are the two major thoroughfares of sunnyside ?
what company released the cd versions of the doctor who stories ?
what was the yuan dynasty called in mongolian ?
what chinese dynasty did the mongols found ?
at what degree are the pistons of a two-cylinder compound connected to the cranks ?
what did a 1996 study by perotti examine ?
what needs to be made to ensure poorer members of society can participate in economic growth ?
where did the panthers practice for the super bowl ?
how much saharan dust remains in the air over the amazon each year ?
in what year was the agreement to allow the saarland settlement reached ?
what is the term for the lack of obsevable free quarks ?
which problem consists of both inflationary and deflationary impacts ?
what contains a nearly verbatim of parliamentary debates ?
which smartphone customers were the only people who could stream the game on their phones ?
what type of professionals are pharmacists ?
what was notable about the butterflies ?
what is one way of digital civil disobedience that can have far reaching consequences ?
why was wesley compelled to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters ?
what amount of time was the longest that tesla spent working without stopping to rest ?
what is a statocyst ?
what recent decade saw brightening of the perception of genghis khan in mongolia ?
what story of little truth is a pillar of history ?
what molecule does the sun have in higher proportion than earth ?
what did the general conference on weights and measures name after tesla in 1960 ?
what writing inspired the name great yuan ?
the umc supports research on what cells retrieved from umbilical cords ?
what actress plays the female master ?
how many species of insects are known in the region ?
what is the last name of the player who was manning 's top receiver for super bowl 50 ?
what items comprise the john jones collection ?
where can the entire sedimentary sequence of the grand canyon be seen in less than the length of a meter ?
when did the warsaw uprising begin ?
by how much did labour lead lain gray retain east lothian ?
when did tesla give a demonstration of his remote control boat ?
how many broadcast television partners does the nfl have ?
what is 565 °c the creep limit of ?
who mapped the alta vista tract ?
whose english translation of the bible did the luther bible influence ?
where can the complexity classes rp , bpp , pp , bqp , ma , and ph be located ?
what was one of luther 's most personal writings ?
what type of correlation was used previously to help date rock formations ?
how are cyanobacteria sometimes wrongly described ?
when was the rhine fully within the holy roman empire ?
what is the prophecy in daniel that interested luther ?
which court argued that the treaty of rome did not prevent energy nationalism ?
when did holden announce that it will close its victoria plant ?
what is one of the largest music schools in europe ?
the center in paris is located near what river ?
what is the name of espn 's streaming service that is analogous to watch abc ?
what has increased sediment and delta growth also produced in the rhine ?
what type of medicine did mongol shamans use ?
who normally instructs members how to vote ?
a subway tunnel from the museum leads to which tube station ?
who was responsible for the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine in the main gallery ?
what u.s. entity said that corporal punishment was constitutional ?
who is the first administrator of the federal energy office ?
in 2007 , what company purchased abc radio properties ?
what do chloroplasts do like mitochondria ?
what is the rhine gorge listed as ?
when did the herald tribune publish its tesla article ?
who succeeded dick clark on abc 's new year 's broadcasts ?
what theoretical device is attributed to alan turing ?
where does the rhine begin ?
what did the dutch health authorities regard as unnecessary in geraets-smits v stichting ziekenfonds ?
what did european chemists make that could be used in warfare ?
what do lobates feed on ?
when did the european anti-fraud office investigate john dalli ?
which three doctors were in the sirens of time ?
in which episode does the first doctor see himself ?
what are the weakly filled higher orbitals of oxygen ?
where was super bowl 50 held ?
what is the nickname for abc 's logo from the 2000 campaign ?
when did the plos pathogens paper come out ?
when did the age of imperialism begin ?
by what method did maududi want to change the hearts and minds of individuals ?
in 1846 who 's natural history lectures were acclaimed in new york and harvard ?
where was his unfinished project called ?
what did kenya reveil in 2030 ?
what individuals were responsible for authoring " on the computational complexity of algorithms " ?
how far apart are the outer pd ring 's filaments ?
what did a 1530 royal act restrict shipments of ?
what side effect of these type of protests is unfortunate ?
what was the black cloister ?
what percentage of american households did abc reach in march 2015 ?
how many destinations are available worldwide from newcastle 's airport ?
what entity was touchstone television reorganized into in 2007 ?
what kind of state was the khwarezmia ?
what was the name of the single that coldplay and beyoncé collaborated on ?
when did luther write to melanchhon about god 's grace ?
what stature did pharmacists have in the pre-heian imperial court ?
what city , along with hamilton , wellington and christchurch , is one of the largest in new zealand ?
what are the agents detected by the immune system called ?
what river runs through warsaw ?
who did espn and abc sign an eight year deal with in 2005 ?
who is best able to leverage the accumulation of wealth ?
what do extremely unequal societies tend to be ?
how are the combs spaced ?
which rail line operates in melbourne ?
on what date did the florida legislature decide against the plan to renovate the miami stadium ?
the mission council usually consists of whom ?
what attribute of humans interfered with nature 's ruthlessness in tesla 's opinion ?
what publication published an article about tesla in 1912 ?
in what year was hms dreadnought launched ?
what company did the abc network 's parent company merge with in the 1980s ?
what status has the brotherhood obtained in the islamic world ?
how long did western europe control cyprus ?
who was the most valuable player of super bowl xli ?
by how many kilometers does the traveling salesman problem seek to classify a route between the 15 largest cities in germany ?
how did luther describe the mass that was viewed as sacrifice ?
what did this help accomplish ?
what was the north american portion of war of austrian succession ?
in the united states the umc ranks as the largest what ?
who thinks that luther added antisemitism as a cultural element to germany ?
how do cryptophyte chloroplasts arrange their pyrenoid and thylakoids ?
how many general principles does the social charter declare ?
when did the ancestors of modern homo sapiens inhabit kenya ?
why did so many not approve of the bill ?
where was william iron arm 's castle located ?
who was guy 's rival ?
what could someone be investigated for ?
what is another word for long , planar igneous intrusions ?
who played a part in the development of radar in france ?
what did tesla 's investors do to him ?
what did luther state as a means of discouraging mistreatment of jews ?
when did luther save the group of nuns from the convent ?
why do police and fire services fall under the purview of the scottish parliament ?
which regions have temperate climates ?
when did the theater in newcastle originally open ?
what is a cairns replication intermediate ?
what did lindzen criticize about the summary for policymakers ?
when was the duchy of normandy founded ?
what shows us lost chloroplasts ?
in may 2002 , where would you go to address the parliament ?
which principle is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks ?
what group operates st dominic 's college in wanganui ?
what did the next three drives result in ?
how did this effect the producer prices ?
which of genghis khan 's mentors practiced christianity ?
in what year did harvard president joseph willard die ?
how many intercpetions did newton have in super bowl 50 ?
when was thoreau 's essay published ?
how many years has thomas davis played in the nfl ?
whose puppet did islamists accuse the saudi regime of being ?
who may teachers focus on , in order to prioritize attention ?
where was the signing held ?
how many total yards did denver gain ?
which famous evolutionist was influenced by the book principles of geology ?
what aid is available to underprivileged students seeking to attend a private university ?
what year was the conflict with the song dynasty concluded ?
how many of the six total packages available to broadcasters was setanta awarded ?
the abolition of the ottoman caliphate is believed to have ended what system ?
when did the black death technically subside ?
when was the upper rhine sold to burgundy ?
maududi believed that islam needed what to be established ?
what was the last super bowl that took place at sun life stadium in miami ?
when did it retract to a inland formation ?
who knocked the ball out of manning 's hands on the next play ?
who is the museum named for ?
who lived in a tree to prevent it from being cut down as a form of civil disobedience ?
how many legions in five bases were along the rhine by the romans ?
what video game series did alex seropian make ?
who picked off cam newton and subsequently fumbled the ball ?
what agreement was made for trade with natives and british ?
what paper is commonly considered the bellwether ushering in systematic studies computational complexity ?
who was the famous huguenot theologian and writer in london ?
when did greenland sign a treaty granting them special status ?
the church supports those persons who conscientiously oppose what ?
what geologic feature is composed of oxygen oxides ?
which park is home to the fresno chafffee zoo ?
why was tanaghrisson supporting british efforts ?
what was the emphasis focuses on ?
why does fresno only have uhf television stations ?
which empire bordered the mongol empire to the west in 1218 ?
what group is newcastle native andy taylor the former lead guitarist of ?
what did luther promise to do as a concession ?
how many people did hamas kill between 2000 to 2007 ?
when was tesla electric company formed ?
what platform caused bskyb to end their analogue service ?
which country did japan force into an alliance ?
how long had john paul ii been the pope in 1979 ?
the rhine and what other river were accepted as the germanic frontier ?
when did galor and zeria show new information about inequality ?
what was a happy days spinoff that debuted in the 1980s on abc ?
a block of west end avenue that houses an abc news building was renamed for what abc anchor ?
in what episode does the " fall of the eleventh " happen ?
when did wjz-tv in nyc begin broadcasting ?
who called for an agency to be created to be solely focused at undermining the islamism ideology ?
what have muslims praised hamas for doing ?
as a result of a compromise , about how many chinese schools became national type schools ?
what part the composition of the earth 's atmosphere is comprised of oxygen ?
who is currently the president of the council ?
what channel did abc proposed to compete with cable news company cnn ?
what has been the main reason for the shift to the view that income inequality harms growth ?
who is the university accredited by ?
what lake connects the rhine to lake constance ?
what is a very seldom used unit of mass in the metric system ?
where was the cm intended to land upon re entering the earth 's atmosphere ?
where did turabi place students sympathetic to his views ?
what is considered as a potential advantage for wealth for some americans ?
how much did westinghouse pay for tesla 's designs ?
how many bafta cymru awards has doctor who received ?
what is the un 's climate change treaty ?
what british mathematician took pride in doing work that he felt had no military benefit ?
before dinner what were tesla 's working hours ?
where did ht fail to pull off a bloodless coup in 1974 ?
how many awards has doctor who been nominated for , over the years ?
what do some modern historians claim genghis khan sought to add his legal code at the end of his reign ?
what was causing new france to have issues with resupplying ?
what did abc do that was special in 2003 ?
in u.s. states , what happens to the life expectancy in less economically equal ones ?
what is the height of the section that turns north ?
to which technology type that tesla worked on did the caption refer to ?
how much saharan dust falls over the amazon basin each year ?
what are the eight sermons called that luther preached in march 1522 ?
what company developed the most successful steam engine indicator ?
which conjecture holds that every even integer n greater than 2 can be expressed as a sum of two primes ?
what is typically used to broadly define complexity measures ?
what lead to the uk to subscribe to the agreement on social policy ?
how many interactions are all of the universal forces based on ?
who intercepted a manning pass , giving the ball back to the panthers ?
when do cash flow problems exist ?
what is the name for the smaller streams along the region northern germany ?
what can the ipcc 's report deadlines cause to be omitted ?
where did iroquois confederation control ?
why did the university eventually leave the conference ?
who did the north declare for during the english civil war ?
how was tesla 's mechanical oscillator powered ?
in 2011 , which program became the only abc broadcast in 4:3 standard definition ?
in a computational problem , what can be described as a string over an alphabet ?
are there any regions where the treaty of european union excludes from jurisdiction ?
how many passengers can the ford fiesta accommodate ?
how many schools of medicine were recognized in china ?
which theory states that earth 's features remained unchanged after forming in one single catastrophic event ?
who might temüjin have been named after ?
what does the name the rhine come from ?
cydippid are typically what shape ?
what do conquering people pass down to native populations ?
from what landmark within fresno does the tower theatre get its name ?
when did the lightening event happen ?
which journal was the joint statement published in ?
what was the name of theodore roosevelt ’ s policy of imperialism ?
what is the magnitude of force divided by when external force is added ?
what is set up to scrutinize private bills submitted by party outsiders ?
how many extended metropolitan areas are there ?
what did european empires rely on to supply them with resources ?
what famous english physicist and mathematician was depicted in the main bronze door entrance of the museum ?
what act set out the parliament 's powers as a devolved legislature ?
who is the hero who killed a dragon on the drachenfels ?
what was the cartel of newcastle burgesses known as ?
what can an enthusiastic teacher be to a young student ?
in what year was direct ascent the primary mission focus at nasa ?
what did the 18th century huguenot group call themselves ?
why must one be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem ?
what principle relates to the formation of faults and the age of the sequences through which they cut ?
what does the pleurobrachia have on opposite sides of its body ?
what type of intervention would changing the work environment be ?
of what region was saxony a part ?
which bound of time is more difficult to establish ?
where was the feb 2010 call for change published ?
what was faith 's greatest enemy according to luther ?
who started the yuan dynasty ?
how did the revocation restrict huguenot travel ?
what type of relationships do enthusiastic teachers cause ?
what are ftsz1 and ftsz2 ?
what other catalysts can be used to produce oxygen ?
what dynasty did zhang rhou help attack ?
what year did tesla die ?
which monarchs was the victoria and albert museum named after ?
what was the chinese name of gou 's calendar ?
what can significantly contribute to the continuing inequality in a society over time ?
at what age do immune responses typically begin to decline ?
why was the merit network formed in michigan
what is the most likely effect of breathing oxygen ?
what kind of university is the california institute of technology ?
how and when did the first variant of y. pestis enter europe ?
other than for its resort feel , what is palm springs popular for ?
what does pushing and pulling perceptions provide for describing forces ?
what first opened in 1837 ?
what did tesla mistakenly believe x-rays were ?
when did general hospital begin airing ?
what is the name of the bridge that joins parts of the campus of the charles river ?
what kinds of pigments do rhodoplasts have ?
how many of the schools in newcastle are independent ?
who did webb recruit for better project management ?
what were the first local stations to offer streams of their programming on watch abc ?
what is the force equivalent of torque compared to angular momentum ?
in what expression can one expect to find dtime ( n )
who sets the agenda for the eu 's work ?
during which years was no census taken ?
what are the molecular outputs for photosynthesis ?
in what year did the film also mention the number of regenerations ?
what was abc 's viewership share in 1993 ?
what sort of engines utilized the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing system ?
who is the costa rican president that went to harvard ?
where does the rhine river 's measurement begin ?
who donated rodin 's works to the v & a ?
what does the ctenophora use to swim ?
who are committees comprised of ?
how would the word apothecary be viewed by contemporary english speakers ?
what compounds in the stomach protect against ingested pathogens ?
how much success did this expedition with braddock find ?
what did tesla develop in 1887 ?
what weapon caused the wounds that killed tangut general ma jianlong ?
who was famous for disobedience against a tax collector ?
where are the harvard medical , dental and school of public health located ?
who owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent of people in the u.s. ?
cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the contractor did what ?
what was the name for the new radio concept designed by allen shaw ?
how many representatives does each electorate have ?
what omen was genghis khan reported to have seen assuring his coming victory against the tanguts ?
what responsibilities were pharmacy technicians formerly limited to ?
what was the most notable publication of tugh 's academy ?
approximately how many names were signed on an online petition on the parliamentary website in response to the closing of the musical instruments gallery ?
which material is the becket casket made from ?
a doctor who show featuring vincent van gogh was recognized by what award ?
what type of numbers are always multiples of 2 ?
from which countries were the v & a 's collection of delftware produced ?
how does the level of tuition in german private schools compare to private schools in other western european countries ?
what day was the super bowl played on ?
which logo was used for the third doctor who 's last season ?
what kind of immune system do bacteria have ?
who is the sole governing authority capable of initiating legislative proposals ?
how much do researchers now think sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100 ?
who revolted in the ispah rebellion ?
what was the one linear hd channel virgin media carried from november 2006 to july 2009 ?
what did tesla establish following his colorado experiments ?
by what other name was the gate known ?
who did the broncos beat in the divisional game ?
what name was given to the plot to usurp power from the french house of guise ?
what 's the name of where the rhine branches off near dordrecht ?
who did the broncos beat tp become the afc champions ?
what year did king sigismund iii vasa move his court to warsaw ?
what is rubisco 's flaw ?
where does the amazon region rate among the entire earth for its amount of biodiversity ?
what did the government and civil society organisations start after the riots ?
if two thirds of the rhine flows through waal , where does the other third flow through ?
what is used to decide a teacher 's salary ?
where do all trains going to scotland stop at ?
what is the process by which the antigen/antibody complex is processed in to peptides ?
when can oxygen gas produce a toxic condition ?
what was henry iv known as before taking the throne ?
in what year did warszowa become the official capital of the masovian duchy ?
what did nasa record over the older archived tapes ?
who handled the color commentary for denver 's radio stations ?
how did the plague infiltrate alexandria ?
what has been getting much better in the most recent years ?
which team held the scoring lead throughout the entire game ?
what organization runs the satellite that measured dust that landed on the amazon ?
what reasons cause failure of the disobedience with authorities ?
what did the benefits agency think sports channels on a tv bill meant ?
by what name were the " supposedly reformed " known ?
who wrote that it is difficult to produce an all inclusive definition of civil disobedience ?
in what year was the commission on pan methodist cooperation and union formed ?
what river did genghis khan cross before defeating the main tangut army ?
how many yards did the carolina panthers gain in the 487 in the nfc championship game ?
in gebhard v consiglio ... milano , the requirements to be registered in milan before being able to practice law would be allowed under what conditions ?
in what year was same-sex marriage legalized nationwide ?
what countries is corporal punishment still a normal practice ?
what nasa astronaut is also a university alumni member ?
who presented the mac to the scottish parliament when it was initially opened ?
what type of atmosphere helped fuel the fire throughout the cabin ?
what is the most important thing apicoplasts do ?
what peanuts special is halloween-themed ?
in what form are most hospital medications ?
what is the low end of the temperature range in summer ?
how many vice presidents are in the board of trustees ?
what is petrology ?
along with internal combustion engines , what machines have superseded steam in some areas ?
what are the three main sources of european union law ?
where did jochi remain after genghis khan sent for his sons in the spring of 1223 ?
what does the nederrikn 's name change into ?
what was the main radio network in the 1940s in america ?
what is the lower house of the victorian parliament called ?
who gives leadership , preaches the word and conducts marriages , among other duties ?
how do bills pass through parliament ?
who often plays the fourth doctor in comedy parodies ?
what organization argued that drought , among other effects , could cause the amazon forest to reach a " tipping point ? "
what version of windows supported the cbs sports app ?
how many of the network 's stations are owned-and-operated ?
where is the lowest point of warsaw located ?
what is included with each packet label
what type of item is the mostly likely to show in the v & a computer system ?
what is needed to pack electrons densely together ?
how many interceptions did manning have in 2015 ?
who hired tesla when he moved to new york ?
when did he first mention wireless communication ?
what anniversary of the pokémon franchise was celebrated during the super bowl ?
what happens when a person 's capabilities aer lowered , as it relates to their income ?
what did tesla 's father promise him while he were bedridden ?
what is the lowest ranking one of the counties could have in terms of most populous counties in the united states ?
how many tons of dust remains in the air ?
what is the average width of the rhine ?
in 1758 what was duc de choiseul 's plan for focused military efforts ?
what is an examine of work that a centrifugal governor-equipped steam engine was n't suitable for ?
which doctor returned for the " children in need " show ?
where did tesla live for much of his life ?
what eponymous variation of arithmetic presents a decision problem not evidenced in p ?
what famous july fourth holiday movie did fox pay to advertise a sequel of during the super bowl ?
what is the number of plant species in economics and social interest ?
to what type of organisms is oxygen toxic ?
what type of theater do the neighborhoods feature ?
under what instances can individuals rely on primary law in the court of justice of european union ?
what does the bolinopsis generally eat ?
what is the primary purpose of chloroplasts ?
at what size and larger can drugs elicit a neutralizing immune response ?
which ipcc author criticized the tar ?
when did they raise the price of oil to $ 5.11 ?
what constitutional change was considered ?
who may also submit private bills to parliament ?
when did western governments support fledgling islamists ?
what are ctenophora commonly known as ?
what is the largest sensory feature of the ctenophora ?
what damaged the color tv camera that apollo 12 had taken into space ?
which month is the first in the year parliament takes a two week vacation ?
what program for abc was a remake of the film the boy from oklahoma ?
what was the result of the 2007 election ?
how many study contracts were awarded on october 25th ?
what did luther think was the only source of knowledge of god ?
what is one variable on which the running time may be contingent ?
which spanish officer established the settlement at st. augustine ?
who punted the ball for carolina ?
what percentage of funds were given as charitable funds to causes in and around san francisco ?
what are pharmacists forbidden to do ?
what do the strains of y. pestis suggest abut the plague ?
who is the uk 's largest digital subscription television company ?
what rituals did kublai follow to help his image ?
when was the jacksonville town charter approved ?
when was the office of western medicine founded ?
what would a parent have to pay to send their child to a boarding school in 2012 ?
what do you get when you figure the sum of forces with vector addition ?
when was the the second german empire founded ?
when did bskyb discontinue the sky+ box ?
what building was a gift from the soviet union ?
who was margaret 's husband ?
the amazon rainforest became a mostly inland forest around which global event ?
what alumni was also obama 's campaign adviser ?
who is the primary rival of the harvard crimson hockey team ?
in what year was nikola tesla born ?
what molecules of the adaptive immune system only exist in jawed vertebrates ?
where did tesla move in 1881 ?
when did ronald robinson die ?
which part of london was sir paul pindar 's house , whose façade now resides in the v & a collection , located ?
what is the metric term less used than the newton ?
why did the demand for rentals decrease ?
what was the base rate for a 30-second ad during super bowl 50 ?
where was the location of the 2003 rose revolution ?
what two scientists were proponents of the humoral theory of immunity ?
where do chloroplasts pump hydrogen ?
what is the most common xanthophyll ?
what does a u.s. census report state that even after other factors there still exists this between earnings of men and women ?
which part of the museum received the first major post-war work ?
what tends to lead to more money ?
which comedian did a parody where a dalek appears ?
what was the name of the doctor who-related song released in 1988 ?
what did watt add to newcomen 's engine between 1763 and 1775 ?
what expression is generally used to convey upper or lower bounds ?
what is the term for the highest living saint ?
what does untersee mean ?
where is the comparison found of this lord 's prayer hymn ?
what did the soviets intend to use in spacecraft after the success of zond 5 ?
what did gasquet 's book blame the plague on ?
what is the united methodist church ?
starting in what year has harvard topped the academic rankings of world universities ?
by 1897 , how much had tesla , brown , and peck received in royalties and licenses over the patents ?
when was the ability to use radioactive isotopes to date rock formations developed ?
where is british english usually used ?
the national art library at the v & a is known by what other name ?
in what country is normandy located ?
if you were to take a train west or south out of the city of fresno , which railroad would you take ?
what were tesla 's mother 's special abilities ?
why was it thought that ctenophores were a poor diet for other animals ?
what is the usual form of the government 's wealth redistribution ?
which sized cars were the least demanded cars in the crisis ?
what was fort caroline renamed to after the spanish attack ?
what is the dispensary subject to in a majority of countries ?
because of the gold theme , what was super bowl 50 known as ?
what ethnic neighborhood in fresno had primarily japanese residents in 1940 ?
what type of number do modern mathematicians consider 1 to be ?
what is durinskia 's chloroplast ?
what scientific field 's theory has received contributions from the steam engine ?
what was an example of a type of warship that required high speed ?
what did johannes agricola preach that god 's gospel revealed ?
in 1984 thomas murphy contacted leonard goldenson about merging abc with what company ?
what is normally eaten for lunch and supper ?
which company provides train service in fresno ?
where was dyrrachium located ?
what was the name of watt 's partner ?
in what year did a doctor first become nominated for a best actor award ?
how many times did newcastle fight off the scots during the 14th century ?
how does the ipcc prepare special reports ?
how many touchdowns did newton have in 2015 ?
what popular environmentalist is also a university alumni member ?
what is a local pastor 's official title ?
what color pants did the broncos wear in super bowl 50 ?
what would type of studying would require a teacher to take on a supervisor role ?
what fields may pharmacy informatics also work in ?
who challenged the plague theory first ?
the v & a library 's collection of illuminated manuscripts are dated to which centuries ?
what did the islamic state proclaim itself in 2014 ?
when did general hospital first debut on abc ?
what analyst did not agree with the ruling of the incomplete pass ?
what part of the rhine flows west at katwijk ?
where did aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements ?
what will v & a dundee focus on ?
what are los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino and riverside ?
what position does jerricho cotchery play ?
when did the bbc rebroadcast the first episode of doctor who ?
when year was the maastrich treaty signed ?
what was thoreau 's punishment for not paying his taxes ?
what are engines using four expansion stages known as ?
in the rankine cycle , in what state is the working fluid received in the condenser ?
what did the non-afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige ?
what did kublai do to prevent famines ?
how many customaries does norman customary law have ?
what is an example of a virus that uses antigenic variation ?
what was the name of new orleans ' superdome at the time that super bowl 50 took place ?
which borough of newcastle had a population around 259,000 ?
how did celeron feel about native relations ?
what was the number of solo tackles that von miller had in super bowl 50 ?
along with dan fouts , who served as a color analyst for the radio broadcast ?
who responded to lindzen 's criticisms ?
what is the main component of the aboral organ ?
how far from state house in downtown boston is harvard yard ?
where did the water in the amazon basin flow towards when moving west ?
what armed group stopped the uprising at ballarat ?
what building materials were used to build the main façade ?
who was boleslaw ii of masovia ?
what do some theories claim about civil disobedience ?
what were the protesters doing with christ 's counsel ?
what device was one of the first to aid a controversy ?
against what does reactive oxygen play in plant defense ?
antigen specificity allows responses that are specific to certain types of what ?
who proposed that innate intertial is the natural state of objects ?
how many professors does the warsaw university of technology employ ?
on which date was genghis khan 's palace rediscovered by archeaologists ?
who was the first president and director of programming for abc entertainment ?
when was the augsburg confession signed ?
who fought in the french and indian war ?
when did internet pharmacies begin to come into being ?
how much energy loss did he expect would occur ?
other than the steamboat , what modern form of travel brought visitors to florida ?
what did the warsaw confederation formally establish in 1573 ?
what is the concept of the visible and invisible church ?
how did turabi build a strong economic base ?
how long was warsaw occupied by germany ?
what other topics can civil disobedience pertain to ?
what is a chemical secreted by tumors that suppresses the immune response ?
what is the irish term for private schools ?
in which year was the animal locomotion collection created ?
what company did eisner become president of when he left abc in 1976 ?
where does warsaw rank in terms of population in the eu ?
what kind of human t cells respond to common molecules produced by microbes ?
what was the seat of former party leader david mcletchie ?
what type of markets is the dwelling type below ?
what did he do for $ 2 a day ?
when did espn take over responsibility for abc 's sports division ?
how is oxygen ranked as abundant in the universe ?
why did saudi arabia try to increase production , and reduce profits for high cost producers ?
what is the average age of people who live in newcastle ?
what award was given to corliss ?
what diagrams are used to simplify particle interactions on a fundamental level ?
what was the very first television station to broadcast in fresno ?
why did the university see a drop in applicants ?
how much windblown dust leaves the sahara each year ?
when did tamara marry a lawyer ?
who was reintroduced for the 50th anniversary special ?
who was alfred s brown ?
what does the immune system protect against ?
a growing number of new forms of procurement involves what ?
how much did the cm weigh in kgs ?
what british tv network will carry the super bowl ?
what type of works from asia are included in the v & a 's british galleries ?
what is the name of doctor who granddaughter ?
when was the edict of worms presented ?
what is the name of the united kingdom operation for bskyb ?
strang is an anglo-saxon word which means what in modern english ?
what caused the need for principal treaties that ended up forming the eu ?
what is the intrisic angular variable called when particles act upon one another ?
what was luther 's force within the reformation ?
what are internet pharmacies also called ?
in between french and british , what groups controlled land ?
other than land laws , what else were the californios dissatisfied with ?
what is used to figure the relative strengh of gravity ?
what was the containment failure rate in a tobacco plant study using plastid transformation ?
when did great britain lose its colonies in north america ?
how many warriors did toghrul provide temüjin when his wife was captured ?
according to tesla what had been gone over by the thieves , or spies who entered his room ?
whose trains serve destinations in yorkshire ?
what made the student decide to occupy the president 's office in protest ?
what newcastle radio station is based at the great north children 's hospital ?
who designed the bronze doors used as the main entrance to the museum ?
what was sky travel later rebranded as ?
what was the most revered award that doctor who has won ?
where does the livestock of the country normally dominate ?
who received the ball that cam newton lost during a tackle to make it a denver touchdown ?
when the election produced an snp majority government , what was it the first occurrence of ?
what country was under the control of norman barons ?
the largest objects in the v & a ceramics and glass collection were produced in which countries ?
which part of the v & a collection did the salting bequest enhanced ?
the entrepreneurs josiah wedgwood , matthew boulton and eleanor coade were influenced by what manufacturing process developed during the industrial revolution ?
what was tugh 's chinese-style name ?
when did newcastle 's first indoor market open ?
who played the companion named donna noble ?
what body constitutes the supreme legislature of scotland ?
what color was featured in promotions related to super bowl 50 ?
what team was the afc champion ?
what was the importance of the congress ?
what is the role of teachers in education ?
how long has the african great lakes region been inhabited ?
when was the ming dynasty in power ?
what did john dunn invent ?
what is the term for closing off rivers that are no longer connected ?
what is the rankine cycle sometimes called ?
what is the estimate for the amount of tree species in the amazon tropical rain forest ?
where is the oldest known rock in the world located ?
what has caused china to suspend their railway project ?
who described kublai 's china to europe ?
who designed the largest item from italy that is part of the v & a sculpture collection ?
how many member states adopted the social charter in 1989 ?
when did marconi transmit similar signals to those tesla received ?
why would one want to give a speech ?
what is a maze of membranous tubes ?
how frequent is snow in the southwest of the state ?
when did tesla become friends with viereck ?
where did the world 's first railway journey terminate ?
what egyptian president jailed thousands of members of the brotherhood ?
what fixed set of factors determine the actions of a deterministic turing machine
how long did it take to improve on sir isaac newton 's laws of motion ?
what did the finding of gold in victoria cause ?
when did zwilling and karistadt become active at wittenberg ?
where is peridinin found ?
what can be combined with geophysical data to produce a better view of the subsurface ?
what does the inability to separate islam from islamism lead many in the west to support ?
what did tesla 's device work from the output of ?
who is elected to serve as the presiding officer at the beginning of each parliamentary session ?
what year did the the saints hit a 13-0 record ?
which of abc 's main production facilities is located in hollywood , ca ?
what did the polish citizens understand the subtext of john paul ii 's words to be ?
what philosophies underlay chinese medicine ?
who reigned over the ottoman empire when it was at its most powerful .
when did the term imperialism first come to be used by its current definition ?
who was sacked as the first half clock expired ?
what gauge of rail lines do two tourist lines use ?
how much support is there for the us approach to economic development ?
when did these rebellions take place ?
how is genghis khan written in pinyin ?
when did zhenjin die ?
in what year was the charter granted for harvard corporation ?
along with road vehicles , locomotives and ships , on what vehicles were steam engines used during the industrial revolution ?
what do these teachers not do ?
what is the major us city that the is the university located ?
what is the delta in the rhine delimited in the east by ?
when was consumption inequality lower than it had been in 1986 ?
what kinds of sciences were social darwinism and theories of race ?
who was assigned to design a second master plan ?
what publication called doctor who " the greatest uk science fiction series ever " ?
harrogate market is in the local what ?
when did levi 's stadium open ?
when was the most recent super bowl hosted in the south florida/miami area ?
whose portrait by françois clouet was included in the jones bequest of 1882 ?
who were the creators of the flintstones ?
what do red algal chloroplasts have that green chloroplasts do n't ?
who presided over the assembly ?
who is called by god , affirmed by the church and ordained by a bishop ?
what appears to be used exclusively in newcastle and surrounding areas ?
where was the rhine regulated with a lower canal ?
what period did plates reverse directions to compress the tethys floor ?
what australian channel shows first-run doctor who episodes ?
what does chlorophyll absorb ?
what was enhanced in 2014 ?
what was tesla 's belief as to the selling price of the biplane ?
how is the pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world ?
what is the problem attributed to defining if two finite graphs are isomorphic ?
what institution does robert barro hail from ?
along what geographic feature are nine residential houses located ?
what was the theme of super bowl 50 ?
where in las vegas did a famous protest take place ?
what did luther think reason could not be used to test ?
what did standard & poor recommend to speed economy recovery ?
what was warsaw 's first literary cabaret ?
what 's the regional nickname for newcastle and its surrounding area ?
where will a canonball dropped from the crow 's nest of a ship land according to aristotle ?
how many times prios has the sun life stadium had super bowls ?
which mobile service were verizon customers able to watch super bowl 50 on their phones ?
when was abc 's first logo introduced ?
what helped support the command module with a propulsion engine and propellants ?
what did martin 's father view his entering the cloister as a waste of ?
where did he live while he was looking good ?
what was the name of the mongol empire 's legal code ?
which of the tributaries in germany contributes most ?
when did the nfl announce the suspension of using roman numerals to brand the super bowl ?
what does ctenophora rely on for digestion and respiration ?
in which year did the v & a received the talbot hughes collection ?
in what area did the 1996 television film premier ?
which nasa location came around last to the idea of the lor ?
who was the most widely read writer of his generation ?
in what compound is oxygen part of a ring arrangement ?
when was johann tetzel sent by the roman catholic church to germany to sell indulgences ?
what did alec shelbrooke propose payments of benefits to be made on ?
in what year was doctor who rated the third greatest show of the 2000 's ?
what are the three sources of european union law ?
in which year was the salting bequest made ?
what additional benefits are there to surrounding community of expansion ?
what is the 16th century known as the start of ?
what may have caused rainforests to grow across south america ?
what was the name of the 3d system effect in dimension in time ?
what is it called when people in society rebel against laws they think are unfair ?
how old are the fossils found that represent ctenophhores ?
what workshop helped with the creation of the doctor who theme ?
the idea of acquired immunity in jawed vertebrates is the basis of what medical treatment ?
how many invertebrate species are known in brazil alone ?
who built a castle in newcastle in 1080 ?
along with non-governmental and nonstate schools , what is another name for private schools ?
where did the monks flee to ?
who leads the student government ?
what system did tesla recommend to niagara falls in 1893 ?
in the 1980s what was the population of the amazon region ?
how much of the indulgences went to rome ?
what is the name for a problem that meets ladner 's assertion ?
what characteristic of oxygen causes it to form bonds with other elements ?
what was tesla afraid someone was trying to do with his invention ?
what type of authority do sudbury schools prefer ?
aside from being located on the coast , what contributes to jacksonville 's lack of cold weather ?
what did davies call the system
where is the most successful agricultural prodcution regions ?
what percentage of new zealand students attended private schools in april 2014 ?
what are chloroplasts descended from ?
what is the use of the law by the holy spirit ?
what has lately been being viewed as a fundamental status of member state nationals by the court of justice ?
what does the ipcc rely on for research ?
what radio station did abc purchase in may 1960 ?
in what year did newcomen 's engine pump in a mine ?
where was the burial site used for testing located ?
what british prime minister advisor is also a university alumni member ?
who is the patron saint of the huguenots ?
what honorary title does bob geldof hold ?
what shape is the water feature in the john madejski garden ?
what motivation is opportunity-based entrepreneurship driven by ?
what organization runs the public schools in victoria ?
what service did bskyb chare additional subscription fees for ?
what was the name of the first doctor who radio drama ?
how many variants is the new abc logo currently displayed in ?
what is another term used for year 13 ?
how did luther view the ottoman turks ?
at a-level , what percentage of british students attend fee-paying schools ?
who worked later on to find these missing magnetic tapes that had data stored on them ?
who used the church to unify themselves ?
where did maududi exert the most impact ?
what did josel ask the city of strasbourg to forbid the sale of ?
what did nasa name the series seeking up to 30 more flights to earth 's orbit ?
who was given the highlights of most of the matches ?
who developed the first commercial steam powered device ?
what is the dialect of newcastle known as ?
what were the " great forces " mentioned in the article 's title ?
what is the rhine called in french ?
what famous conductor went to harvard ?
what is the general perception of non-mongolian histories of genghis khan by mongolians themselves ?
what is the average construction salary in the uk ?
where did the president appoint cabinet members from ?
what was the first super bowl that the carolina panthers played in ?
what does the cpi scale measure ?
what crops were introduced or popularized in the yuan ?
what was the building vacated twice to allow for ?
most of the chinese works of art in the far eastern collections date from which two dynasties ?
in which case did the court state that austria was not allowed to hold places in austrian schools exclusively for austrian students ?
who did luther think was behind the antinomian theses circulating in wittenberg ?
how much of afghanistan did the taliban take over ?
what irish cities had huguenot mayors in the 1600s and 1700s ?
where was france 's huguenot population largely centered ?
what issues were not addressed in the treaty of aix-la-chapelle ?
what is the lowest recorded temperature in victoria ?
when did tesla graduate ?
whose wall has fragments visible in places around newcastle even today ?
who was the commissioner of the nfl in 2012 ?
what is the process of changing light into chemical energy ?
how has this debate been proven ?
what do the leaders of the opposition parties and other msps question the first minister about ?
what was the goal of the grand coalition ?
what was the verdict on other alleged errors ?
who was margaret 's brother ?
in which year was the the forest tapestry created ?
what probiotic flora is found in unpasteurized yogurt ?
what is an interdenominational group composed of various churches to promote the gospel throughout the world ?
in 2004 the orange revolution occurred in what country ?
what is a synonym for chloroplast dna ?
what was the eventual final goal of the apollo projects ?
what are the attacks on teachers causing ?
what was the significance of victory at forth niagara for british ?
when was the last glacial maximum ?
who was the sideline reporter for espn deportes ?
who receives higher salaries at private schools that charge higher tuition ?
which basin does the dust falls over into ?
what is the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers ?
what can result in more equal distribution of income ?
where does kenya rang on the cpi scale ?
how old was newton in super bowl 50 ?
what types of organizations are on a decline in the us which adversely effects economic mobility ?
what is the most critical resource in the analysis of computational problems associated with non-deterministic turing machines ?
who added to dioscorides ' book in the islamic golden age ?
how many tiers are in the australian form of learning ?
what type of fault boundary is defined by having widespread powerful earthquakes , as in the state of california ?
what did tesla electric light & manufacturing do ?
what cytokines are responsible for communication between white blood cells ?
what term was used for the second regeneration ?
when did rapid warming begin and help vegetation ?
before which military campaign did chagatai publicly dispute jochi 's paternity ?
what did luther 's degree in 1509 concern ?
who invented the notion of a steam engine 's duty ?
a rug by which russian-born british designer is included in the v & a collection ?
what percentage of victorians are christian ?
what effect did breathing priestley 's discovered gas have on the experiment 's mouse ?
how did luther express the destruction ?
when was montreal captured ?
how many people could apollo be projected to hold ?
how was the efficiency of a steam engine typically evaluated ?
in what states are pharmacist clinicians given prescriptive and diagnostic authority ?
what nationality is hoesung lee ?
who often operates internet pharmacies ?
what halftime performer previously headlined super bowl xlvii ?
what previous super bowl halftime show did bruno mars headline ?
what doctor was first referred to as " his secret " ?
in what year did harvard and radcliffe admissions merge ?
what literary reference compares the master to doctor who ?
what band headlined half-time during super bowl 50 ?
why did toghun temur dismiss toghtogha ?
who ran for a carolina touchdown to make the score 10–7 ?
how much potential economic growth could the united states amass if everyone went through more schooling ?
how far is warsaw from the baltic sea ?
how long was the summer theatre in operation ?
how much money was francovich allowed to claim from the italian goverment in damages ?
how large can ctenophora grow ?
what are the hairs on ctenophores called ?
what are injectors used to supply ?
what function is used by algorithms to define measurements like time or space ?
what are the stages in a compound engine called ?
which nation contains the majority of the amazon forest ?
what is one condition that an element p of r must satisfy in order to be considered a prime element ?
what type of system did tesla suggest to adams ?
what did priestley name the gas his experiment produced ?
who are some of the best rally drivers that have won the rally ?
when was the article published ?
what may explain why some americans who 've become rich may have had a head start ?
the first episode of doctor who premiered the day after what famous event in history ?
what type of actions are taken sometimes in civil disobedience ?
what did the last few of the boilerplate csm launches carry with them ?
where is the so-called rhine knee ?
when was levi 's stadium picked for super bowl 50 ?
which two compounds did al-muwaffaq differentiate between ?
what city has the largest inland port in europe ?
what is usually the goal of taking a plea bargain ?
why do islamists need democratic elections ?
where does the pattern of higher income-longer lives still hold true ?
what three things are needed for construction to take place ?
what did luther get implicated in concerning philip i ?
tumors that are able to evade the body 's immune response can become what ?
what states that united methodist theology is at once " catholic , evangelical and reformed ? "
what language is used to educate in wales ?
theories on imperialism use which country as a model ?
how did the united states plan to subdue imperialistic tendencies ?
where did the abc new york flagship stations move their facilities to in 1953 ?
how many bodies did public health england exhume ?
what tv host and writer went to harvard ?
what flows between the bingen and bonn ?
what was the norman religion ?
who did shirley leave at oswego ?
what did robert koch prove was the cause of infectious disease ?
where does a private school get funding to operate ?
how much did edison offer tesla to redesign a motor and generators ?
miller-boyett productions was a studio affiliated with what company ?
how many seasons did the bbc produce doctor who ?
the university established a center in beijing in what year ?
what researcher first used the word oxygen ?
which town 's massacre did genghis khan order in retribution for the treatment of his envoys ?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on temperature levels ?
what has recent testing of kuznets theory with superior data show it to be ?
what is a common punishment in the uk and ireland ?
what is the average discharge of the moselle to the rhine ?
where do cicadas spend the majority of their lives ?
what type of fossils were found in china ?
what served as a justification for imposing imperialistic policies on certain peoples or regions ?
any even number larger than what can not be considered prime ?
what was tesla on his way to do when he was struck by the cab ?
what was tesla 's mother 's name ?
when is the oldest recorded incident of civil disobedience ?
what did luther contend the jews to be ?
who normally manages a construction job ?
in 1962 , who was responsible for the authorship of a paper published on real time-computations ?
what was tesla 's father afraid would happen to him in school ?
what is the longest time that a teaching certificate is good for ?
what branch of theoretical computer science deals with broadly classifying computational problems by difficulty and class of relationship ?
what conflicts did the ozone mitigation reduce ?
in what year did the amazon experience its worst drought of recent history ?
what will have a direct impact of inequality in a system that uses a progressive tax ?
what did people vote the doctor who series as in a 2011 online vote ?
what ends at this bend in the rhine ?
what cycle ac current system did tesla propose ?
what was the cost of the other super bowl events in the san francisco area ?
what is the name of the university 's core curriculum ?
what university alumni member was known for his work on portfolio theory ?
what entity did abc sell kxyz to in 1983 ?
what was redesigned to allow better maneuverability in the lrv ?
who masterminded many terror attacks ?
in what year was the corliss engine patented ?
what distinguishes granal thylakoids ?
what began in 1527 when luther introdued the new order of worship ?
in the 2009 commission v italy , case , the court of justice held that an italian low prohibiting what infringed article 34 ?
what types of teachers are retiring the most ?
how was it determined how many from each camp would be appointed ?
what is christian perfection ?
what does oxygen the basis for in combustion ?
what are ctenophora commonly known as ?
what proclamation abolished protestantism in france ?
what countries use a red stylized a to signify pharmacy ?
what was the first british empire based on ?
how many sites did the nfl narrow down super bowl 50 's location to ?
when did opec start to readjust oil prices ?
who upon arriving gave the original viking settlers a common identity ?
when was the soundtrack for series 5 released ?
where did tesla look for investors prior to wwi ?
where were the kikuyu people located ?
which end of the saxon garden is the tom of the unknown soldier located at ?
on what date did luther die ?
what type of jihad does ht avoid engaging in ?
what is the largest type of misconduct being reviewed by the media ?
what church is organized into conferences ?
in what country was a full-scale working railway steam locomotive first invented ?
how many sources of european union law are there ?
rather than taxation , what are private schools largely funded by ?
what was the national viewership reach of abc in 1958 ?
how common was the form of corporal punishment in the past ?
which hotel did the panthers stay at for the super bowl ?
where is the largest number of tourist coming from ?
what did tesla patent in 1891 ?
what was the dutch leader 's religious affiliation ?
what group of scientists seek to measure the amounts of oxygen in marine animals ?
who in warsaw has the power of legislative action ?
who developed the 2007 imaging campaign for abc ?
what program helped develop space travel techniques that project apollo used ?
which episode in 2008 was over an hour long ?
what is the cjeu 's duty ?
what do ctenophore use to capture their prey ?
what is the second largest contrubtor to kenyas gdp ?
in what year did the tenth doctor appear in the sarah jane series ?
what were the two forms of environmental determinism ?
how many registered nurses were in kenya in 2011 ?
since he did n't believe that salvation was acquired through good deeds , how was it achieved ?
what do government 's run that affects teachers ?
what did historians do in the absence of census figures ?
what includes pressure terms when calculating area in volume ?
in what year did lavoisier publish his work on combustion ?
above what horsepower are steam turbines usually more efficient than steam engines that use reciprocating pistons ?
what dilemma is a good example of moral civil disobedience ?
which building was the nfl experience held at for super bowl 50 ?
the term imperialism has been applied to western countries , and which eastern county ?
what work from around 300 bc has significant theorems about prime numbers ?
in what century did important classical music developments occur in normandy ?
who is credited with finding evidence of large settlements in the amazon forest ?
what format do hearst television 's abc affiliates transmit in ?
how many seasons did the original doctor who run ?
what do capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a marxian analysis ?
what makes static friction go up or down in responce to contact characteristics between an object and the surface it is on ?
what are the two abc affiliates for tampa , florida ?
what does not constitute as civil disobedience ?
who was designated as the home team in the super bowl ?
what earlier hymn was luther 's adapted from ?
how many tons does the hereford screen weigh ?
how many large public parks does fresno have ?
in which year did the newspaper change its previous definition ?
what country are all the counties in ?
who is the founder of the salvation army ?
what title did iroquois give johnson ?
what radio station is located at 103.5fm on the dial in denver ?
what manner of words does mullet think luther would choose ?
in order to be considered in the top percentile , a person would need to amass how much money each year ?
approximately how many architectural drawings does the v & a hold in its collection ?
how many forced fumbles did von miller have during the super bowl 50 game ?
what sport attracts most tourists to jacksonville ?
what seed was the denver broncos ?
in the 10th week of the 2015 season , what injury was peyton manning dealing with ?
what hymn did luther write after the martyrdom of esch and voes ?
what are the only states where abc does n't have a licensed affiliate ?
where was american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc headquartered after the merger ?
when did the united states withdraw from the bretton woods accord ?
in what year was the victoria and albert museum founded ?
what did hamas win in the january 2006 legislative election ?
what book did luther read in 1542 ?
what was tesla 's device called ?
what type of district is southern california home to many of ?
from what mission and onward were the dsms awarded ?
what else was publically questioned ?
who sang the national anthem ?
in what districts are the registration numbers for cars all of the same type ?
what are the three most abundent elements of the universe by mass ?
what was the first year that yale and harvard played football ?
what event happened 66 million years ago ?
when did the court of justice rule that the commission could only propose that there must be some criminal sanctions ?
who did a pressurized oxygen cabin fire kill ?
when was the new constitution promulgated ?
what space station supported three manned missions in 1973-1974 ?
where does newly created wealth concentrate ?
compared to other australian cities , what is the size of melbourne ?
how much retail activity does the neighborhood have ?
what is the name of the book written by archeologist betty meggers ?
why were northern chinese ranked higher ?
who did the peasants think luther would support an attack on ?
how was temüjin kept imprisoned by the tayichi'ud ?
who outbid general electric to provide light to the world 's columbian exposition ?
what list was warsaw 's old town inscribed onto in 1980 ?
what are malum prohibitum considerations ?
where did luther say that the soul does n't sleep , but rather has visions ?
what is incorrectly thought about the outer chloroplast membrane ?
what do other smaller venues of newcastle tend to feature ?
who stripped the ball from cam newton while sacking him on this drive ?
how many sacks did derek wolfe register ?
southern california is most famous for tourism and what notably named district ?
who was the chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce ?
who said that writing a good description of civil disobedience is hard ?
who was the abc entertainment president in 1957 ?
what did stiglitz present in 2009 regarding global inequality ?
where was luther buried ?
what do increased greenhouse gases cause ?
what was the primary race of students attending christian academies after the brown decision ?
what was the defeat of the arab troops at the hand of the israeli troops during the six-day war ?
how many yards was the pass on the first drive ?
what do electrostatic gradiient potentials create ?
how did war start ?
what is an example of an enzyme that can transform skin cells into tumors when expressed at high levels ?
abc news provides content for radio stations owned by what company ?
what did this concept contradict
who defeated the rebels at the battle of frankenhausen ?
who did rollo sign the treaty of saint-clair-sur-epte with ?
when did landau propose his four conjectural problems ?
in what year did harvard end its early admission program ?
how much does 17.7 % of the population live on a day ?
what is the prize offered for finding a solution to p=np ?
what did tesla write ?
what occurs when traveling across a surface at a constant velocity with regard to friction ?
what present-day company did bankamericard turn into ?
how cold does this region of victoria get in the winner ?
who was al-banna 's assassination a retaliation for the prior assassination of ?
how many soldiers did genghis khan take with him to khwarezmia ?
why is the statement doubtful in the eyes of scholars ?
what was produced at tesla 's company ?
what does the average temperatures exceed in the summer ?
how much was the emergency aid to israel ?
what are the components of drug therapy ?
what two talk shows are currently featured during daytime programming on abc ?
what does the geordie dialect keep of the older language which came before it ?
what are associated with normal forces ?
in what sort of places are dry cooling towers used ?
what was the goal of braddock 's expedition ?
why is the seating of the debating chamber arranged as it is ?
when did abc first start ?
in 2013-14 , nbc finished in first place in the 18-49 demographic for the first time since when ?
what natural phenomenon did tesla create artificially ?
to what level would the polynomial time hierarchy collapse if graph isomorphism is np-complete ?
what company reached a deal to also stream its abc affiliates ?
what is the name of the village that once existed in what is now downtown jacksonville ?
how many same-sex married couples or partnerships were there ?
how many first downs did the panthers have in super bowl 50 ?
how much of victoria 's farmland grows hay ?
what type of education is home schooling ?
who did the attacks resonate most with ?
how were most city officials elected in the 1960s ?
where was parliament 's temporary home whilst the permanent building was being built ?
what denver player caught the ball 76 times in the 2015 season ?
what time did a river system develop in the upper rhine graben ?
what is one general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings ?
the lithosphere moves over which mantle n the theory of plate tectonics ?
when did the so called gentlemen 's agreement between sadat and the islamists break down ?
who announced the game play-by-play for super bowl 50 ?
what is most of the cleared land in the amazon region used for ?
how many museums are in warsaw ?
what was the first internet2 network named
in what area is it common for spiritual mentorship to be extremely high ?
on what service could the espn deportes broadcast be streamed ?
what is the process of turning co2 into organic molecules called ?
where are most working children working ?
how long would this coalition last ?
what is the term for the arrangement of two unpaired electrons in dioxygen ?
what is donald davies credited with
what movement did the fair held in june have its origins in ?
what was warsaw the most diverse of in poland ?
what kind of representational system does the victorian legislative council have ?
how large are cytoplasmic ribosomes ?
what channel replaced sky travel ?
who asked luther to teach theology at the university of wittenberg ?
what did kuznets argue resulted from stages of development ?
how many white settlers were living in kenya in the 1950 's ?
what happened with the rate of flow in the rhine with the straightening program ?
what amendment to the united states constitution governs government funding of religious schools ?
what charter has become an important aspect of eu law ?
what played during the closing credits of the doctor who episodes ?
besides constant flooding , why else was there regulation of the rhine ?
what year did roger goodell announce that super bowl 50 would be " important " ?
how recently has the homes in fresno been restored ?
who is given credit for discovering geoglyphs along the amazon river ?
what sate are things inside of a moving vehicle as seen by a person inside the vehicle ?
what is the name of the property where the media event was held for super bowl 50 ?
haeckelia prey mostly on what animal ?
when do bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera excrete secretions ?
who lead the school back to leading research institution in 2oth century ?
why did they teach them to grow peas ?
what had been left hanging on the door to tesla 's room ?
what was restored in the sculpture gallery during its renovated in 2006 ?
what must a project adhere to ?
what museum in newcastle is dedicated to children 's books ?
how many settlers original settled in manakintown ?
what did luther think of purgatory ?
how many miners died in the typhoid outbreak of 1854 ?
how many kilometers is warsaw from the carpathian mountains ?
what device is used to recycle the boiler water in most steam engines ?
because speakers are drawn from across scotland , what do the represent the balance of ?
at this time where was luther 's focus centered ?
the v & a owns the largest collection of which period in sculptural art history ?
how old was manning at the beginning of the 2015 season ?
what area differs from other areas in the united kingdom regarding education ?
what is the effect on humans of oxygen ?
when was the umc formed ?
when was the palace on the water rebuilt ?
what was the first team peyton manning began playing for ?
what type of special doctor who shows have been shown each year since 2005 ?
what rule did some native live under ?
what causes the symptoms of inflammation ?
what kind of organism is cyanophora ?
what were chao made out of ?
what comedian is also a university graduate ?
what entity in canada handles substitution regulations for television shows ?
what can be achieved without building high or getting rid of common areas ?
what health condition can deep sea diving cause ?
what plateau has groups of clay pits ?
how many panthers went to the pro bowl ?
what is another function that primes have that the number 1 does not ?
what two other rulers had their graves hidden under a river ?
along with poppet valve gears , what type of gears utilized separate admission and exhaust valves to give ideal events ?
what is the high end of the temperature range in winter ?
why is breathing oxygen in space craft not dangerous to health ?
how much british military was in north america at start of war ?
how many species of ctenophores have not been fully described or named ?
who were two of kublai 's chinese advisers ?
what was the name of the work to give grants for youth development and other things ?
which two governing bodies have legislative veto power ?
how are air force messages delivered
during which years was the plague present in islamic countries ?
what did sir charles parsons invent ?
how many miles south of san jose is the north - south midway point located ?
what does factorization of prime ideals approximate ?
what is the seating arrangement of the debating chamber ?
how did the drive end for the panthers ?
what american actor is also a university graduate ?
when did luther publish on the bondage of the will ?
what causes rock extension ?
what president eliminated the christian position in the curriculum ?
what would a teacher do for someone who is timid ?
what is the fee range for accessing bskyb 's epg ?
what is the name of the residential treatment program the university runs ?
what did the amazon rainforest do during the middle miocene ?
what entities are included in the federal health care system ?
why were the 2011 special reports issued ?
in the rankine cycle , what does water turn into when heated ?
how quickly can an algorithm solve an np-complete knapsack problem ?
what caused jacksonville 's tourism to become less desirable at the latter half of the 19th century ?
how do socialists think the means of production should be owned ?
what is the force called rgarding a potential field between two locations ?
by which year did full sized american cars shrink to be smaller ?
which is more sophisticated , numericals model or an analog models of orogenic wedges ?
who was warsz ?
when did martin luther receive his doctor of theology ?
by when did most of france 's colonies gain independence ?
what was one of theories as to what caused tesla 's father 's unspecified illness ?
what is the common term for the loss of key members of french society to huguenot emigration ?
how many tons of saharan dust falls on the amazon basin each year ?
when was zhu shijie born ?
when did income inequality begin to increase in the us ?
what is something that is often torn up and included in sedimentary rock ?
how many points did carolina lead the nfl in scoring for offensive plays ?
what do larger fortunes generate ?
where is 97 % of the population located ?
what is an annual two-day multicultural event held in newcastle in late august ?
where was it shown to have a 0.3 % prevalence of sexual abuse by professionals ?
what region does use the term 'private schools ' to refer to universities ?
what is a genuine love of god with heart , soul and mind ?
how many teams have had a 15-1 record for the regular season ?
what is one example of what a clinical pharmacist 's duties entail ?
which team had the first kickoff ?
what is the name of the water body that is found to the east ?
where did the first huguenot colonists settle ?
when do chloroplasts produce defense signals ?
what is the name of newcastle 's basketball team ?
what light radiation does ozone absorb ?
what is the name given to the input string of a computational problem ?
one of the sites , merceds-benz superdome , is located where ?
what is the most important role of chloroplasts ?
at what age did british gas plc force their workers to retire ?
which woman took a leadership role in the mongol empire while succession was being determined ?
how old was turkana boy ?
who was new france 's governor ?
what player won the mvp in super bowl v ?
what is evidence chloroplasts descended from endosymbiotic cyanobacteria ?
what makes the tentilla of euplokamis different from other cysippids ?
what did the fossils found in the burgess shale lack ?
what was the name of du pont 's gunpowder operation ?
what was later discovered written by luther ?
what was the reason the italian constitutional court gave that resulted in mr. costa losing his his claim against enel ?
how many days was the 1996 film shown ahead of the bbc showing ?
the codex forster is a collection of notebooks by which famous italian renaissance polymath ?
where do ctenophores be found in large numbers ?
what ruined richard 's plans to reach acre ?
what were requests made to british ?
when did wei yilin die ?
who did the broncos prevent from going to the super bowl ?
who were responsible for the interior decorations of the green dining room ?
case complexity likelihoods provide variable probabilities of what general measure ?
how do platyctenids reproduce ?
how many men did duquesne send to relieve saint-pierre ?
civil disobedience can occur when people speak about a certain topic that is deemed as ?
who challenges the notion of the kuznets curve hypothesis ?
what was datanet 1
how many branches does the rhine branch into ?
why is priestley usually given credit for being first to discover oxygen ?
in a progressive tax , what increases as the taxable base amount increases ?
what did some of the islamist groups supported by the west later become to be seen as ?
what does colonia agrippina 's original name translate into ?
what is another name for a coal supply bin ?
how much did levi 's stadium cost ?
what super bowl did rivera play in as a player ?
on what theorem is the formula that frequently generates the number 2 and all other primes precisely once based on ?
what was the idealized value of imperialism ?
how many medieval warm period reconstructions covered 1,000+ years ?
what is the expression used to identify any given series of problems capable of being solved within time on a deterministic turing machine ?
where do platycenida live ?
when did western forces invade iraq ?
what type of undergarment , if any , was included into the apollo spacesuit ?
how old was toghun temur when he became emperor ?
who patented a high-pressure compound engine in 1805 ?
what nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winner is also a university alumni member ?
how did some suspect that polo learned about china instead of by actually visiting it ?
what kind of committee considered legislation on the development of the edinburgh tram network ?
why is majority rule used ?
when did hitler order the annihilation of the warsaw ghetto ?
what does the immune system protect against ?
what tactic did researchers employ to offset the former deficit of work surrounding the complexity of algorithmic problems ?
what job did tesla 's father have in gospic ?
who were the espn deportes commentators for super bowl 50 ?
which lineage includes land plants ?
what percent of the global assets in 2000 were owned by just 1 % of adults ?
which mountain range influenced the split of the regions ?
on what streets is the abc headquarters located
why did the oil ministers agree to a cut in oil production ?
how many events occur in an engine cycle ?
who was the world 's second largest oil producer ?
what is different about paulinella chromatophora ?
who is the current premier of victoria ?
how is winter weather in jacksonville described as ?
what was the percentage of non-hispanic whites in 2010 ?
when was the colony destroyed ?
in 1968 , who led the team which systematized denominational doctrine ?
on some nights how late did tesla work until ?
when did the ban on cigarette advertising take effect for television networks ?
who started the ipcc trust fund ?
what were ntl 's services rebranded as ?
what was the first disney program televised on abc as a result of the disney-abc agreement ?
what did newton 's mechanics affect ?
what caused luther to write hymns ?
what is to blame for the burdens in health care in kenya ?
what space-time path is seen as a curved line in space ?
which italian that is credited with the creating the baroque style of sculpture is represented in the v & a 's british galleries ?
what administration did ludwig mies van der rohe designa buiding ?
what do the reactive forms of oxygen produce in organisms ?
what is terra preta called ?
what naval battles did france lose in 1759 ?
who was the karluk kara-khanid ruler ranked above ?
when did the meuse and waal merge ?
when did warsaw become the capital of the kingdom of poland ?
what is the name of the longest bridge in germany ?
in which century were the four devonshire hunting tapestries woven ?
what type of text is the quran ?
what 's the average decibel level of noise in newcastle ?
when did abc premier the flintstones ?
what does piketty feel was the biggest factors in reducing inequality between 1914 to 1945 ?
what do the membership of the committees reflect ?
what is tertiary education ?
what country did the normans invade in 1169 ?
what percentage of money raised by the host committee will be used for charitable causes ?
which super bowl did elway win at 38 years old ?
what are colonial powers blamed for ?
with what word was tesla 's sociability described ?
why would mongols have too little experience to govern cities they conquered ?
what month is the warmest in fresno ?
in the definition based off the mountain range , which region would the desert portions of north los angeles county be included in ?
what is a common occurrence during summer days ?
when was richard grainger actively building and developing ?
where have the first episodes of doctor who always appeared ?
within the eu , which court believes they have the final word deciding on eu 's competence ?
what is the first model of education , in the australian system ?
who registered the most receptions on the broncos ?
what is only found in peridinin-type chloroplasts ?
what river was there originally a bridge across in roman times ?
what are mps unable to vote upon ?
what is the name of the museum and research center for near eastern studies , that is owned by the university ?
what is nsfnet
in what borough of new york city is abc headquartered ?
what title do both doctor who and the master share ?
what are some of the accepted general principles of european union law ?
how long does it take to get to the middle of newcastle from its outskirts when riding the rails ?
what news network did abc launch in july 2004 ?
who designed the ceiling and stained-glass windows of the green dining room ?
what was tesla 's friends ' theory as to what became of him ?
besides fats , fatty acids , and amino acids , what other organic compounds contain oxygen ?
what is sometimes but not always counted regarding durinskia 's chloroplast membranes ?
what types of scientists looks for signs of magnetic reversals in igneous rocks within the drill cores ?
how are forces classified with regard to push and pull strengt ?
which foreign forces often meddled in the mongolian political scene ?
when a commission reached no decision , what happened ?
in what year was the kalven report issued ?
how many plant species are of interest to society and manufacturers exist in the amazon rainforest ?
what award was given to tesla ?
how many campuses does the california state university have ?
where was the kievian force that confronted subutai 's army defeated in 1223 ?
what was the occasion when he claimed he 'd made the death ray ?
what is the final effect of adding more and more idea strings to a load ?
what percentage of total financial aid for undergraduates from harvard was in the form of grants ?
what abc comedy had the record for the longest running comedy until being passed by the simpsons in 2002 ?
what part of the innate immune system identifies microbes and triggers immune response ?
what publication did philip howard work for ?
what service is a videoguard uk equipped receiver dedicated to decrypt ?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on sea levels ?
what period was 2.5 million years ago ?
these project structures allow the owner to integrate the services of who throughout the design and construction ?
what was first battle in 1754 ?
why is it preferred that civil disobedience is non violent ?
what position did justin tucker play ?
along with admission , exhaust and compression , what is an event in the engine cycle ?
what kind of company is sky uk limited ?
in what constituent country of the united kingdom is merthyr tydfil located ?
what countries does kenya compete with for long distance running ?
what year was north america 's first printing press started ?
what is the name of the delta in the netherlands ?
what does damaging photosynthesis systems create ?
what conservative international relations scholar is also a university alumni ?
what magnitude of earthquake can many faults produce ?
why was nbc unable to broadcast the coronation of queen elizabeth ii ?
along with 10 cloverfield lane , what paramount trailer appeared during the super bowl ?
who was abc great states sold to in 1974 ?
what is southern california often abbreviated as ?
when was st. john 's cathedral constructed ?
in 2007 , what was the high end of the salary range ?
who did the keelmen live with in a tight-knight community east of newcastle ?
what war in ireland featured huguenot regiments ?
what philadelphia institution did tesla give a demonstration to ?
healing services involve the laying on of hands and what else ?
which country today is a remnant of the ottoman empire ?
where did jebe 's forces first defeat kuchlug ?
how was this possible
what vehicle did doctor who use for his escape from gallifrey ?
what is the result of the calvin cycle ?
what were many pastors unable to do ?
when did tugh temur found his academy ?
what major crop was brought to china from the west ?
how many degrees south did the amazon rainforest reach from 66-34 mya ?
how similar was the lisbon treaty to the constitutional treaty ?
what level of economic mobility does the u.s. economy have compared to european countries ?
in 1979 , during the oil crisis , what was the highest price of oil ?
when was the term " regeneration " first used ?
what is an example of an article of uniform clothing typically present in australian private schools ?
who headlined the halftime show for super bowl 50 ?
which episode featured the return of william hartnell ?
what did the nfl do to the playing field at levi 's stadium before the super bowl ?
what notable private school has an endowment of several hundred million dollars ?
what aspect of western medicine did the chinese dislike ?
what production company pitched the untouchables to cbs in 1958 ?
when did the uk formally subscribe to the agreement on social policy ?
which doctor who show was cancelled because it was considered racist ?
in what year was the trial of rev . jimmy creech ?
for what league does abc broadcast games on christmas day ?
after ww-ii where did russia apply its old tsarist regimes ?
what is the subsystem that protects the human brain ?
near where in the continent is it believed that the amazon basin split ?
in what body of water is the harvard - yale regatta held ?
when was martin luther ordained as a priest ?
when did abc first premiere who wants to be a millionaire ?
when did torchwood premier ?
what part do events in victoria 's economy play ?
what non-chinese empire did the yuan dynasty succeed ?
in what episode was the fifth doctor confirmed ?
in the us , who decides on the requirements for teachers ?
where did yesun temur die ?
what is the expression used to denote a worst case complexity as expressed by time taken ?
what can be the result of a change in an organization ?
what did the ipcc apologize for ?
what distinction does the bank of america tower hold ?
what is the almannic dialect to describe the islands outside in austria ?
approximately how many drawings of the italian architect andrea palladio is in the riba collection ?
what chemical element was the cause of the apollo 1 disastrous outcome ?
who came up with germ theory ?
how did luther broaden the reformation in terms of prophecy ?
what theory best explains gravity ?
what field type is usually chosen for super bowl games ?
what were the reasons why residents moved to the town of fresno station ?
what is a commonly used measurement used to determine the complexity of a computational problem ?
how many outputs are expected for each input in a function problem ?
which newspaper 's parent company could not evade tax by shifting its residence to the netherlands ?
according to the nobel foundation what has to happen before someone can decline a prize ?
who considers luther 's speech a world classic ?
what science fiction writer introduced the doctor who episodes for a period of time ?
when did abc begin making family-oriented series ?
what did mongolian president tsakhiagian elbegdorj note was significantly punished by genghis khan 's laws ?
when did french learn about braddock 's plans ?
how much did san francisco get for providing services for the super bowl ?
what does the bathocyroe and ocyropsis do to escape danger ?
what was the soviet union trying to suppress with its army ?
what are two types of phagocytes that travel through the body to find invading pathogens ?
in what year did dewar experiment on liquid oxygen ?
what do david castlles-quintana and vicente royuela do for a living ?
what day was the game played on ?
what was the civil war against ragibagh also called ?
what is one part of the innate immune system that does n't attack microbes directly ?
beginning in what year was harvard on top of the world reputation rankings ?
what spacecraft was tested in two vacuum chambers to simulate atmospheric pressure ?
which apollo was the first testing of the lm , unmanned , in earth 's orbit ?
to where is most of the abalone and lobster caught in victorian waters shipped ?
who killed harold ii ?
when did the spanish and portuguese colonies gain their independance .
when was the european portion of the seven years war complete ?
in what decade did the rankine cycle create 90 % of electric power ?
how many fraternities are apart of the university ?
how much did westinghouse pay to license tesla 's designs ?
what was the basis mentioned for the develpment of the general theory of relativity ?
if a detention asks the student to write , what do they write ?
how did celeron handle business on trip ?
where is the highest point of the rhine basin ?
why was the rhine measurement changed ?
when were the two finalists for hosting super bowl 50 announced ?
how did denver score at the end of the drive ?
what type of materials inside the cabin were removed to help prevent more fire hazards in the future ?
who is the mayor of san francisco ?
what is the mongolian name for the original place of the genghis khan mausoleum ?
who was louis xiv 's main rival ?
who might be charged with accrediting teacher education programs ?
how much land do farms use in victoria ?
who designed the hereford screen ?
what can the exhaust steam not fully do when the exhaust event is insufficiently long ?
where do ctenophora live ?
who does edward said say is being attacked by us imperialism ?
how do private schools in ireland differ from most ?
who did the super bowl 50 national anthem ?
what team di the broncos tie a super bowl record for in sacks ?
what leads to lower income inequality ?
what did mueller have experience with prior to joining the space program ?
since thoreau was not a well known writer what happened when he was arrested ?
what part of the v & a collection does the henry cole wing houses ?
where did korea border kublai 's territory ?
who did reuters claim won the 1915 nobel prize in physics ?
which team won super bowl 50 .
a small fraction of the cold water flow from lake constance goes to what other lake ?
who was appointed to head a team to find the problems north america had regarding manned space flight ?
what is the mlolongo system ?
who runs a service out of newcastle 's international ferry terminal ?
what danger did the ipcc understate ?
what percentile of gross domestic product is construction comprised of ?
who wanted israel to withdraw from its border ?
what institute did the university announced to everyone in 2008 ?
since what year did the university offer a doctorate in music composition ?
the speed of the killing response of the human immune system is a product of what process ?
disruptions in sleep can lead to increase in what chronic conditions ?
who was the most influential researcher among those grappling with the deficit of work surrounding the complexity posed by algorithmic problems ?
how many protein-encoding genes are there in chromatophore dna ?
how many organizations issued the joint statement on climate change ?
when did the logo bug begin appearing throughout the entire program for abc shows ?
when were these settlers naturalized as english colonists ?
how many votes in total does the council have ?
when was 7 lincoln square completed ?
of what form is the infinite amount of primes that comprise the special cases of schinzel 's hypothesis ?
what term is used to explain a change in the appearance of doctor who ?
which study showed double the rate of anxiety ?
how many people died in the outbreak of 1471 ?
when did gou 's calendar become the official calendar of the yuan ?
what did the nif try to unify islamist opposition against ?
when did arpnet and sita become operational
what project structures assist the owner in integration ?
who issued the royal proclamation of 1763 ?
how many total acres is woodward park ?
in what sector are jobs beginning to decrease ?
which rival 's tribes did genghis khan famously measure against the linchpin ?
what do most online pharmacies do ?
what was the advantage that the lor method produced in the event of a spacecraft failure ?
what ethnicity was shi tianze ?
what councils assign tasks to the ipcc ?
where was genghis khan likely born ?
what organization has continued to be a major disruptive force in palestine ?
who conducted this survey ?
where did luther spend his career ?
what is a kind of defense response that makes the entire plant resistant to a particular agent ?
what do x.25 and frame relay both require
who gave genghis khan the title khadan ?
when did the yuan begin using bronze printing plates for its money ?
what percentage of a high pressure engine 's efficiency has the energiprojekt ab engine achieved ?
what was the objective of royal proclamation of 1763 ?
how far did the second block , as-202 , travel downrange in km ?
what is the earliest that bach began using luther hymns ?
when a pathogen has been eaten by a phagocyte it becomes trapped in what vesicle ?
which mongolian president lauded genghis khan on the 850th anniversary of the conqueror 's birth ?
what month and day did kennedy message his vice president about the status of the program ?
what ethnic group located in jacksonville is ranked tenth largest ?
what language does " hoy " originate from ?
what position did tesla hold in the central telegraph office ?
what is the time rate of change of electric charge ?
how much money was to go to dumont television network under goldenson 's merger plan ?
what is a prasinophyte ?
which empire was the last one genghis khan conquered before he died ?
what is the exam at the end of form four ?
prior to this consideration , when did san francisco last host a super bowl ?
what type of launch was happening during the apollo 1 incident ?
what does the ruhr provide to it 's community ?
how many lea-funded 11 to 18 schools are there in newcastle ?
what is the confusion of the french and indian war ?
what university donated the land for the manned spacecraft center ?
for each of the 28 member states , how many commissioner 's are represented for each one ?
who was the broadcaster for super bowl 50 in the united states ?
how long would tesla spend gambling sometimes ?
what was michael eisner 's main credit in his time at abc ?
who initially took over as president of capital cities/abc after daniel burke left ?
who was appointed as the replacement for duke yansheng kong duanyou ?
what are two examples of different types of reduction ?
what is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states ?
what is another term for year 12 of education ?
where has the official home of the scottish parliament been since 2004 ?
which louisiana venue was one of three considered for super bowl 50 ?
how did vaudreuil react when johnson was seen as larger threat ?
how quick was the effect of luther 's preaching ?
how long were the fighters of the warsaw ghetto uprising able to hold out ?
who did martin luther marry ?
where can the treatise be found ?
where did the jin emporer relocate his capital after genghis khan overran the norther part of his empire ?
what did luther devise to teach christianity to the congregation ?
what does critically tapered mean ?
what theorem was implicated by manuel blum 's axioms ?
when did the ottoman empire fall ?
what did mote think the yuan class system really represented ?
what are phytoplankton ?
who received a bid in 1915 ?
in what year was wisconsin v. yoder decided at the supreme court ?
what other terminology is considered much more destructive ?
which languages used the phags-pa script ?
what were isaac 's chains made out of ?
when did the venetians take total control of cyprus ?
when were the earliest doctor who books available ?
where is the apostles located ?
when did the umc 's general board of church and society call on all united methodists to abstain from alcohol for lent ?
other than many sunny days , what characteristic is typical for the climate in souther california ?
when was the mausoleum returned to the lord 's enclosure in mongolia ?
how much thrust was estimated for the translunar flight ?
when did france and the dutch fight in the 17th century ?
what was introduces into the black sea ?
what gets the z-ring in the right place ?
what famous indian 's actions were considered civil disobedience ?
how much does the services sector contribute to gdp ?
what kind of diseases do drugs target apicoplasts for ?
what does the euplokamis use the three types of movement for ?
what field of computer science analyzes the resource requirements of a specific algorithm isolated unto itself within a given problem ?
what department did kublai create to train doctors ?
who was the most valuable player of super bowl ii ?
what charity benefited from the 30th anniversary show ?
what is another word for cryptophytes ?
what was the first problem astronauts encountered during the plugs-out test ?
why was cbs unable to broadcast the coronation of queen elizabeth ii ?
who attends loreto normanhurst ?
where can tesla 's theories as to what caused the skin damage be found ?
how many drugs approved by the fda in 2013 were specialty drugs ?
where did one of triton 's daughters decide she wanted to hang out and stay ?
that does tardis stand for ?
why are debates on proposed motions by an msp conducted ?
what are the skin cells that can be transformed into tumors known as ?
what did luther do at the end of his speech ?
what role does john elway currently have in the broncos franchise ?
under what condition is an element irreducible ?
along with the anglican church and uniting church , what religious denomination operates private schools in australia ?
how many general questions are available to opposition leaders ?
what religion did the french spread along with their imperialism ?
what do some believe the treaty of versailles assisted in ?
when did the english high court find microsoft 's use of the term " skydrive " infringed on sky 's right ?
which hotel did the broncos use for super bowl 50 ?
what are bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts compliant with ?
how is the pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world ?
what contributed to water pollution in the rhine ?
what do chloroplasts look like in spinach grown in green light ?
what apollo mission was this lor method used and needed ?
when did kenya become an independent country ?
what delimits the delta of the rhine in the east ?
what was the only region in europe not conquered by the germanic tribes ?
when was the " dalekmania " period ?
who demonstrated that p= np implies problems not present in p or np-complete ?
what was constructed between 1978 and 1982 to link the henry cole wing to the rest of the museum ?
how did the mongols acquire chinese printing technology ?
by what name was the mongol army that finally conquered bulgaria known ?
how common of a type was corporal punishment in schools ?
where was the meeting held when the nfl owners voted on the location for super bowl 50 ?
how long was the death wish coffee commercial ?
what took place in his lab in 1895 , causing him to lose thousands of dollars of data and tools ?
why might a physician diagnose a large number of conditions ?
when did bskyb launch it 's hdtv service ?
what are cilia used for ?
where do most teachers get their credentials from ?
what do plastoglobuli exchange contents with ?
photosynthesis uses which energy to for oxygen from water ?
within what variable is l constrained according to the space hierarchy theorem ?
what was the average cost for a 30 second commercial during super bowl 50 ?
what is the name of another type of modern primality test ?
what event took away his ability of speech ?
who did tesla call in the middle of the night ?
what is the full name of the aser ?
who was the opposing party in the runyon case ?
what was the first public building to be lit by electric light in newcastle ?
how thick are chloroplasts in land plants ?
who led a mongol attack on the song dynasty ?
after 1935 , who would be forbidden to enter rhineland ?
what drama program was canceled by abc after a bad midseason run in 2010-11 ?
what happens when the immune system less active than normal ?
what type of saturn was originally going to be used for apollo 8 ?
what 's the name of newcastle 's gay club scene ?
what will be the importance of the pharmacist in coming decades ?
what is a hauptlied ?
when did abc first get in to television broadcasts ?
what sin were the leaders the extremists attacked guilty of ?
in what year did the fcc vote for the financial interest and syndication rules ?
which senator was a strong advocate for the pico act ?
tribal members living in the rainforests of what region are using google earth ?
how do the fees at former model c schools compare to those at other schools ?
what might cause a higher student interest in learning the presented subject ?
what series is the longest running program in abc history ?
what was the bubonic plague mechanism reliant on ?
which amino acids contain sulfur ?
what are the two official languages ?
what does luther write that this life does n't have ?
what day of the week was media day held on for super bowl 50 ?
who did wiesner hire to monitor and second guess nasa 's decisions ?
what gorge is between the bingen and bonn ?
what part of the earth is composed of mostly of silicates of iron and magnesium ?
how did luther 's writings sound as he became less healthy ?
what are free-to-air encrypted broadcasts known as ?
what kind of death did luther say the revolting peasants deserve ?
what can be considered as a function of market price of skill ?
where was the continental edison company located ?
what did tesla do in maribor for work ?
during 2012-2013 , how many student were able to take the core classes at a single time ?
when was the ottoman caliphate abolished ?
what has technological innovation and automation replaced low-skilled jobs with ?
what is the name of the host committee 's charitable initiative ?
how many bskyb channels were available to customers prior to october 2005 ?
how many names of ghengis khan 's daughters are known ?
in what year was hatmanis and stearn 's seminal work in computational complexity received ?
what was the first point of the reformation ?
how did luther respond after being asked if the books were his ?
what comic book series did abc debut in 2013-14 ?
what material 's weight gain during rusting was an early clue that philogiston theory was wrong ?
what types of medications do specialty pharmacies stock ?
what are auricles ?
what was the name of the leader through the great depression and world war ii ?
what cbs show followed the super bowl ?
what types of programs help to redistribute wealth ?
what are the wave-particles called that mediate all electromagnetic phenomena ?
who lost 3 yards on a tackle by shaq thompson ?
what is a mechanical barrier in insects that protects the insect ?
what properties are analyzed with a conoscopic lens by petrologists ?
whose chandelier grace the rotunda at the v & a 's main entrance ?
when was the current parliament of scotland convened ?
geoglyphs dating to what period were found in deforested land along the amazon river ?
what type of steam engine does n't need valves to direct steam ?
what does salafism in its harshest form encourage its followers to view the religion of others with ?
what happens when starch grains become overly large ?
who has the islamic liberation party attempted to assassinate ?
what is the name of an algebraic structure in which addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined ?
what work of luther 's became popular ?
when was the first sino-japanese war ?
which of genghis khan 's descendants pushed the mamluks out of palestine ?
what would type of activities would require a teacher to take on a supervisor role ?
what does atp store ?
dec originally had 3 layers but evolved into how many layers
outside of its use of automobiles , what else is southern california famous for using ?
what is the size of the school 's endowment ?
who was ayurbarwada 's son ?
what was goldenson 's 1991 book about abc titled ?
who were the current rights holders for the primer league ?
how many cities in southern california have over 200,000 residents ?
the amount of land a country controls is its greatest what ?
who disliked the affiliate program ?
what commonality do alternate machine models , such as random access machines , share with turing machines ?
what type of skills does the market bid up compensation for ?
cristian bay 's encyclopedia concludes that civil disobedience does not only include what behavior ?
how much of jacksonville is made up of water ?
normally silver , what color was used for the number 50 ?
who claims that public companies can also be part of civil disobedience ?
what is the basis of the hymn ?
what was maria curie the first female recipient of ?
what kind of statement is made in the effort of establishing the time and space requirements needed to enhance the ultimate number of problems solved ?
what issue has been plaguing the civil disobedience movement .
what are the three parchment-bound manuscripts of the codex forster called ?
who did the national anthem at super bowl 50 ?
in what year did developers billings & meyering acquire the alta vista tract ?
when was skylab 's last crew on the station before it re-entered earth 's atmosphere ?
how many rival princes were involved in assassinating gegeen ?
prior to manning , who was the oldest quarterback to play in a super bowl ?
who was the leader of the islamist regime in sudan ?
which fresno district is the center for the lgbt community ?
what is the dutch word for the amazon rainforest ?
who became the king of the canary islands ?
what was the result of the disobedience protesting the nuclear site ?
what was french population in north america ?
when do treaties apply ?
how long did julia butterfly hill live in a tree ?
how many kgs of moon rocks did the program bring back ?
what are the phagocytes that are located in tissues in contact with the external environment called ?
who was shi tianze 's father ?
which type of law concerns the eu 's governance structure ?
what is the equality of forces between two objects exerting force on each other ? ?
what does a country acquire as it develops ?
what was brisbane 's job ?
what network uses a red version of the new abc logo ?
what denomination is associated with saint kentigern college ?
when did martin luther protest the sale of indulgences to his bishop ?
what was tesla 's brother 's name ?
what generally dictates the construction materials used ?
what function do compounds like phenol and acetone serve in the manufacture of many other substances ?
what makes dna vulnerable to deamination ?
what river is near genghis khan 's likely place of burial ?
what did luther call the revolting peasants ?
where was halford mackinder born ?
to whom did rca mandate the sale of nbc blue to in 1941 ?
what are both branko milanovic and joseph stiglitz ?
who gained control of florida after the conclusion of the revolutionary war ?
which super bowl , after the 50th one , will begin have roman numerals in the title again ?
what term is shorthand for antibody generators ?
where was luther 's last sermon preached ?
by separating faith and reason , what does luther honor ?
what is another general name for a religious teacher ?
how many picks did cam newton throw ?
when did the movement that would become the united methodist church begin ?
how many times was cam newton sacked ?
how does the d-loop finish replicating ?
what was done to the trajan 's column replica to fit it under the ceiling ?
at what university 's facility did the broncos practice ?
how much time remained on the clock when the broncos made the interception that clinched the afc championship game ?
what did luther 's answer to the antinomians reaffirms ?
what were the conditions for miners in the gold fields in victoria ?
how was the civil disobedience shown in antigone ?
what ranking does the super bowl 50 halftime show have on the list of most watched tv broadcasts ?
what does cbd stand for ?
what are the most passes that greg olsen has had ?
invertebrates do not generate what type of cells that are a part of the vertebrate adaptive immune system ?
who did luther call on to stop the revolt ?
which 's of genghis khan 's successors could not be successor because of his age ?
what is the name of the chairman of the board of trustees ?
what was the name of the approved measure that helped cover the cost of major city projects ?
what is the united states busiest commercial port ?
from what country did the first person in space come from ?
what vote on a bill takes place in stage 3 ?
what are the two bodies that make up the european union 's legislature ?
where did the meuse flow before the flood ?
what do the animal locomotion photographs capture ?
what did baran develop during research at rand
when do the stated treaties apply ?
what was the general consensus johnson came to regarding america 's progress on going to space and reaching a position of leadership ?
what is another piece created by olivier messiaen ?
what is the boundary between the high and upper rhine ?
what region of china is hebei part of ?
which kicker had a portion of the turf collapse , causing him to miss a field goal ?
what was one example of a non-french painting was included in the jones bequest of 1882 ?
what ca n't parliament do that causes equality and democracy to be deficient ?
although southern california consts of a heavily developed urban environment , how much of it has been left undeveloped ?
since students do not pay tuition , what do they have to pay for schooling in victoria ?
outside of national recognition , what other kind of recognition do some of the cities get ?
what did luther insist was present in the bread and wine ?
which city does the hollywood district belong to ?
what colors was the 2001 abc logo ?
what degree is now mandatory in the u.s. in order to be a licensed pharmacist ?
who won super bowl 50 ?
what was the subtitle of the independence day movie that had a trailer during the super bowl ?
what is another name for being born again ?
how many chloroplasts are in a square mm of a leaf ?
who performed the funeral for martin luther ?
what was put on pylons for super bowl 50 ?
what department in the u.s. spearheaded the efforts against islamism ?
who was tesla prejudiced against ?
who explained that inertial reference frames equaled reference frames subject to constant acceleration ?
what network was known for dramas such as sherlock holmes ?
how did saint-pierre respond to washington ?
what was the total number of patents that tesla had ?
what do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells lack ?
who is the city supervisor of san francisco ?
along with drought , what is one other factor that is pushing the amazon rainforest towards a tipping point ?
what does the time element in construction mean ?
what is the polish word for wreaths ?
what actually causes rigidity in matter ?
who made the first to measure value of the newton universal gravitation constant ?
what stretched across middle europe in the last ice age ?
what elements from the rift system in the alpine orogeny in southwest germany ?
some non-british works in the british galleries were imported from which continent ?
what does the rhine merge with outside of germany ?
how did the party overthrow the elected government in 1989 ?
how much of australia 's milk is produced in victoria ?
who is the general manager for the broncos ?
what important legislation was passed by congress for the television industry in 1961 ?
who is the nfl 's vice president of brand and creative ?
what is considered an all graduate profession in scotland ?
why did he walk ?
what was the name of temüjin 's laws ?
when was the latin version of the word norman first recorded ?
in 1735 , who did john and charles wesley teach the gospel to in america ?
what is the present-day location of this church ?
what do beriods use as teeth ?
on what basis do the radical islamist organizations conduct their attacks ?
what clothing company was a super bowl sponsor ?
when did the huguenots secure the right to own land in the baronies ?
from whom were the movement that eliot followed derived ?
what year did tvontario start showing doctor who episodes ?
how many phases was the metro opened in between 1980 and 1984 ?
how much dust is blown out of the sahara each year ?
among whom was genghis khan 's empire split after his death ?
when does doctor who transition to a new body ?
what profession was nathan alterman ?
what is the name of the scheme that provides tuition and fee assistance to students due to excess enrollment ?
what did tesla claim to perfect while at the exchange ?
to whom did toghrul refuse to give his daughter in marriage , angering temüjin ?
what is the proprietary system that sky+hd uses ?
what does the national museum boast having from adolf hitler 's private collection ?
who is antigone 's father in the play ?
when did the dfds ferry service to sweden case operation ?
what is the city centre of warsaw called in polish ?
when was the divestment from south africa movement ?
how many yards did the interception gain when the ball was tipped away from manning ?
what sort of motion did watt 's steam engine continuously produce ?
who did wesley appoint as bishop in 1784 ?
how many yards did the panthers get for the division championshipt game ?
what website are teachers using to sell their lesson plans ?
how many refugees emigrated to the dutch republic ?
what was the age difference between newton and manning in super bowl 50 ?
who designed and sculpted the marble fireplace in the centre refreshment room ?
what did luther identify the papacy as ?
what do supportive teachers spend more time doing ?
who led the kievian rus ' troops against subutai 's mongol army ?
when were stromules discovered ?
how does adaptive/acquired immunity help in the future ?
which channels did frank marx think would be requisitioned by the u.s. army ?
who performed a benefit concert for the charity children in need ?
what comedy for abc ended its broadcast run in 1986 ?
what does lack of education lead directly to ?
assuming that t represents a polynomial in t ( n ) , what is the term given to the corresponding algorithm ?
where was a lab for tesla set up ?
which carolina panthers team member was picked as the team 's mvp in 2015 ?
when did good morning america first debut ?
what are the molecular inputs for photosynthesis ?
what did the war first start out as being between ?
what type of housing was erected in warsaw as part of the bricks for warsaw process ?
what religion did the yuan discourage , to support buddhism ?
when was spanish takeover of louisiana territory complete ?
who was a big star that abc was able to attract because of magnetophon technology ?
other than the 1980s , in which decade did most of san bernardino and riverside counties develop ?
what is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 2 can be represented as the sum of two primes ?
who was the speaker of the tribal council ?
who applies european union law ?
which doctors were highlighted on the first audio releases on cd ?
how is lap provided by overlapping the admission side port ?
what remote control vehicle did he make ?
the motto of the muslim brotherhood specifies what as being their constitution ?
what service did verizon customers need to use to stream the game on their smartphones ?
what are more common in other plastids than chloroplasts ?
how many dairy cows are there in australia ?
who handled the play-by-play for wbt ?
by 1544 what did luther have to deal with in his health ?
when were the daleks reintroduced in the revival series ?
despite being traditionall described as " eight counties " , how many counties does this region actually have ?
in what year was the first doctor who audiobook released ?
what is retrograde signaling ?
what other reason caused poor supply of new france from a difficult winter ?
what is the name of the basin that was created from a enclosed lake ?
who has the task of ensuring party members vote according to the party line ?
how many metric tons of carbon are believed to be stored in the amazon forest ?
who did the snp obtain 16 seats from ?
what ctenophore was accidentally introduced into the black sea ?
when was the heatwave in which hopetoun recorded its highest temperature ?
what choice did french have for surrendering land ?
what caused the delay during the development of the ac motor .
who started rumors in 2008 that abc would sell its ten owned-and-operated stations ?
what trading company helped settle huguenots near the cape ?
how many classes of immune hypersensitivity are there ?
who got a 61-yard return when players thought he called for a fair catch but did not ?
what is more often seen in root tip maristems ?
what was the last name of the player who took the ball away from newton late in the fourth quarter ?
who was ogedei 's wife ?
who spoke to luther about his books on behalf of the empire ?
who may be a spiritual teacher in the lds church ?
other than its main central business district , where are the majority of san diego 's business districts located ?
what fortification was built in the 19th century after the defeat of the november uprising ?
how large across are chloroplasts in land plants ?
what was the last name of the designers of newcastle 's library ?
along with canada and the united kingdom , what country generally does n't refer to universities as private schools ?
when was al-banna assassinated ?
what did he work on refining until the end of his life ?
in private schools , what language are classes taught in ?
the tower district is centered around which historic theatre ?
what are the three major traditions present in christianity ?
stephen eilmann asks why show public civil disobedience instead what is a better idea ?
who was the v & a 's first director ?
what hotel did the panthers stay in during super bowl 50 ?
how many years does the v & a 's collections span ?
how many yards did brad nortman 's punt travel ?
what kind of interethnic marriage became common in the jin dynasty ?
who is responsible for axiomatic complexity theory ?
which areas of northern europe practiced those religions ?
what kind of arches does norman architecture have ?
who was the most valuable player of super bowl 50 ?
what did the shah do when faced with defeat by genghis khan 's forces ?
how many seasons did nypd blue last ?
in what year were tesla 's motor and transformer designs licensed to westinghouse ?
who ran the ball twice for 20 yards on this drive ?
what did luther explain about acquiring god 's grace ?
what is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a number n ?
when was dali conquered by the yuan ?
what is a secondary goal of pleading not guilty ?
what team lost super bowl xxxiii ?
the paintings donated by john sheepshanks were by artists of which nationality ?
what is the most snow fresno has ever had ?
what did martin luther believe achieved god 's grace ?
when did the age of imperialism end ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the university 's in total ?
who handled the play-by-play for the denver radio stations ?
why do people chose civil disobedience to protest ?
what happens to the gdp growth of a country if the income share of the top 20 percent increases , according to imf staff economists ?
the restriction modification system is used by bacteria for protection from what pathogens ?
why would one want to give more punishment ?
how much turbine power is consumed by the pump while the work fluid is condensed ?
what language did the court of justice accept to be required to teach in a dublin college in groner v minister for education ?
which team in super bowl 50 had a 15-1 record ?
what is vision 2030 ?
who argued that the ussr had itself become an imperialist power ?
what festival is held in october in newcastle ?
at what speed did the turbine operate ?
who painted the retable of st. george that is in the v & a collection ?
what was used to from political alliances among the mongolian tribal confederations ?
what does a 2013 report on nigeria suggest it 's growth has done ?
how many nations are within the amazon basin ?
how many species were found in the burgess shale ?
bedau notes that illegal protests towards public policy may serve as what purpose ?
what is it called when the tax rate and base amount increase simultaneously ?
what kind of bureaucracy did the normans institute ?
how many actors have played doctor who ?
which year resulted in the suspension of one of the two soccer teams ?
what area in modern-day canada received huguenot immigrants ?
who published tesla 's writings ?
what did lepidodinium viride lose ?
who first played the master in the 2007 series ?
how much was the apollo project estimated to have cost from 1959 to 1973 , the length of the program ?
who defeated montcalm at quebec ?
who did britain exploit in india ?
what term referred to middle class citizens leaving the suburbs ?
in what city is the last huguenot congregation in the us ?
in what year did fresno get its first pedestrian mall ?
who first showed that newton 's theory of gravity was not as correct as another theory ?
which article allows the european council to govern mergers between firms ?
who did the panthers play in their division championship game ?
how many meals a day do normal kenyans eat ?
what do we call the empire that genghis khan founded ?
what is the usual source of heat for boiling water in the steam engine ?
what was the newer county added to the list ?
what theorem remains valid in unique factorization domains ?
when did france begin in earnest to rebuild its global empire ?
when john fox left as head coach for the broncos , who replaced him ?
where did golovin work prior to joining the " space vehicle panel " ?
ministers of what faith were trained by the university in early years ?
when did augustus die ?
in what year was the joe and rika mansueto library constructed ?
how did celeron handle meeting with old briton ?
who was the first democratically elected president of egypt ?
what are the ties that best described what the " eight counties " are based on ?
what does phosphorylation do ?
who broadcast the super bowl on tv ?
which work of luther 's is effective in teaching children ?
what do redistribution mechanisms lead to ?
who was one prominent huguenot-descended arms manufacturer ?
what football program was debuted by abc in 1970 ?
who sculpted the representations of prince albert and queen victoria found in the main entrance ?
what conjecture holds that there are always a minimum of 4 primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2 ?
what is europe 's largest inland port ?
what did france offer that was rare by imperial standards ?
what did paul baran develop
when was the mass high school education movement ?
how many offensive players from the panthers were selected to play in the pro bowl ?
who else did datnet 1 refer to
when did dfds terminate its services to norway ?
when did the cretaceous-paleogene extinction happen ?
how much of a difference in homicide rates are related to inequality ?
what is the scottish parliament currently in the fourth of ?
what was the ancestor of chloroplasts ?
in what year was the alan turing 's definitional model of a computing device received ?
what is the shortened name of the annual yacht race that takes place ?
what is the largest city of poland ?
who does bskyb have an operating license from ?
what type of number theory utilizes and studies prime ideals ?
when did victoria enact its constitution ?
how many people per square mile lived in fresno in 2010 ?
what philosophy of thought addresses wealth inequality ?
what monastery did the saint-evroul monks establish in italy ?
under which leader did the huguenots fight in this conflict ?
in what year did the first european travel the entire length of the amazon river ?
who founded the office of western medicine ?
who decided not to approve paying for renovations at sun life stadium that the league wanted for them to do to host super bowl 50 ?
what was walt disney 's brother 's name ?
what is the name of a teacher in tibetan buddhism ?
what documentary was shown about doctor who ?
who scored the panthers first touchdown ?
when did luther introduce the new worship ?
what year did the denver broncos secure a super bowl title for the third time ?
what was the name of bskyb 's digital service launched under ?
what gender is less willing to travel or relocate for work ?
what is the most common cause of injury on site ?
when was the 8-4-4 system launched ?
what led to the production of tea paraphernalia such as china and caddies during the georgian period ?
who was on celeron 's expedition ?
how many french people were lost to plague between 1628-31 ?
which pair of genghis khan 's sons were most rivalrous ?
a strike by what entity resulted in a halt to production for network programs in the 2007-2008 season ?
what policy gave britain dominance in world trade ?
where is the congress hall located ?
what date were the top two stadium choices for super bowl 50 announced ?
when is the sicilian tristan quilt dated ?
who scolded luther about his rudeness ?
which county is developing its business center ?
what abc action series went up against nbc 's variety shows in fall 1957 ?
in local alemannic dialect , what is the the singular form of the names of the islands formed by the rhine ?
how often do parliament elections take place ?
which sculpture by rodin was not donated by the artist ?
what was the seven years war ?
what causes triplet oxygen to react slowly ?
in which case was a dutch national not entitled to continue receiving benefits when he moved to belgium ?
what are the proteins that organisms use to identify molecules associated with pathogens ?
what aaron sorkin created show did abc debut in 1998 ?
where can chloroplasts sometimes be found ?
what do a and b represent in a gaussian integer expression ?
what will concentrated oxygen greatly speed up ?
what did graham twigg publish in 1984 ?
how long ago was it when the water broke through the purus arch ?
what app did viewers use to watch the game on their smartphones ?
what entity sparked the growth of fresno station ?
what game did thomas davis say he would play in , despite breaking a bone earlier on ?
what does warsaw host many of ?
what is the country known for ?
what soap operas did abc cancel in 2011 ?
what can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry ?
what has the avoidance of men to become teachers caused , in some areas ?
what is an example of illegal disobedience ?
what actress played the last incarnation of the doctor in the special ?
what happened to the building on george iv bridge when the parliament was done with it ?
in what year did the amazon experience a drought that may have been more extreme than in 2005 ?
what is the conventional measurement of the rhine ?
what followed the late show with stephen colbert ?
who was the second female nobel laureate ?
when did the second edition of gasquet 's book come out ?
messiaen says that composition with prime numbers was inspired by what ?
what is nexus ?
which player had the most interceptions for the season ?
what public entity of learning is often target of civil disobedience ?
where did the first shipment of minerals ship from ?
what is the largest ctenophore ?
who was hired to produce abc 's 2001-02 identity ?
along with muslims , jews and protestant christians , what religious group notably operates private schools ?
downtown santa monica and downtown glendale are a part of which area ?
when was temüjin 's half-brother begter killed ?
what do apicoplasts synthesize ?
how did the rocks on the moon compare to those on earth ?
what show is considered the best drama that the bbc has ever produced ?
when did riots cause the expulsion of jews from several german states ?
what is another word for the earth 's upper mantle ?
what year was jamukha surrendered to temüjin ?
when did astor provide the money ?
why has there been controversy in kenyan athletics ?
which company had a commercial aired for free as a result of the quickbooks contest ?
what color was used to create the 50-yard line in levi 's stadium for the season leading up to the super bowl 50 game ?
who pays australian pharmacists for doing home medicines reviews ?
what is the guidebook for local churches and pastors ?
in what country can most of the amazon rainforest be found ?
what did marlee matlin translate ?
what did luther 's area and tradition believe jews to be guilty of ?
what years did doctor who win five consecutive awards ?
in what unit is the size of the input measured ?
what index is an indicator of the effects of taxes applied to social spending ?
what did edison offer tesla after completing the project ?
when was sky digital launched ?
what was the total number of homes sky announced that had sky+hd in march of 2012 ?
in the range between 1980 and 1990 , what did demand for grow ?
how long has proportionality been recognized as one of the general principles of eu law ?
on what date was victoria declared independent from new south wales ?
how much of the population of earth ended up seeing the images of the earth and the moon ?
approximately how many items are in the v & a 's textiles collection ?
what did tesla do with his patents causing him to lose them ?
who did luther view to be the antichrist ?
in what model do grana look like pancakes ?
what is this doctrine of god appointing authorities called ?
what was robert watson 's role in the ipcc ?
who did the carolina panthers beat in the 2015 nfc championship game ?
what company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with virgin media ?
what was ghandi 's work called ?
as of 2008 , about what percentage of swedish students attended private schools ?
who is subject to vetting ?
which denver player took the ball to the panthers 14 yard line ?
what year did the university open a center in hong kong ?
what is the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name of the rhine ?
what was diverted and now flows parallel to the rhine ?
what are the little tentacles that cydippids have called ?
what percentage of british children are educated at gsce level in fee-paying schools ?
what california city last hosted the super bowl ?
when an activated killer t cell finds cells where the mhc 1 receptor has specific antigens , it releases cytotoxins such as what ?
in what century did missionaries notably establish church schools in south africa ?
which uses of sculpture are represented in the collection ?
what state in australia is the center of dairy farming ?
what happened in 1992 in a uk-wide process ?
in what treatment are nonconservative and conservative forces described ?
when was the old testament translation finished ?
what is raghuram rajan 's career ?
in what series was the master reintroduced ?
what type of compounds such as acetone , contain oxygen ?
what did luther tell monks and nuns about their vows ?
how many men older than 18 are there for every 100 women ?
in what year did lost first debut ?
what brought warsaw 's stock exchange to a stop ?
who was edward the confessor 's half-brother ?
to which year is the earliest known piece of english silver with a dated hallmark is dated ?
what was president kennedy put off by regarding the space program ?
who develped the theory of relativity ?
what did gano hit on his 44-yard field goal attempt ?
what is the main executive body of the eu ?
what was the final score for super bowl xxxiii ?
what is the second level of territorial division in poland ?
what is grown in the fertile highlands ?
when was manning picked # 1 in the nfl draft ?
what magazine criticized abc 's programming strategy in may 1961 ?
who did the churches claim had suggested expulsion of jews from germany ?
what is the axis of warsaw which divides it into two parts ?
what does the water flow of the rhine merge with after flowing through merwede ?
what did temüjin 's mother emphasize in his lessons about mongolia 's volatile political climate ?
how many times was manning intercepted during the 2015 season ?
what was newcastle named as the most type of city in the uk ?
warner center is located in which area ?
who was first appointed at the anchor of 20/20 ?
what are two factors that made it difficult for colonists to the amazon forest to survive ?
what was the term kennedy used to show that america was falling behind the soviet union due to inactivity in space programs ?
what enemy of doctor who is also a time lord ?
who was the president of abc television in 1976 ?
article 34 meant states could be responsible for what ?
who is known as the first keeper of fine art collection at the v & a ?
in what city is wbt-fm located ?
in what year did joseph priestley recognize oxygen ?
what is the royal castle the most interesting example of ?
as a person gets older , what does the skin produce less of ?
how many times did plague occur in venice ?
what art historical style was used in the decoration for the northern part of the museum ?
what does the w and z boson exchange create ?
who was appointed as second in command to lor loudoun in 1756 ?
what was nicholas storch ?
how many tons of living plants are in the rainforest ?
who did tesla partner with in 1886 ?
how many permanent objects are located there ?
who threw gold into the rhine , according to legend ?
when was the imperial library directorate established ?
what is the edcuation system currently ?
university city is an example of a business district located in which city ?
who does the presiding officer submit the final bill to ?
when did the nfl start their 16 game seasons ?
what famous 5.9-mile athletic event takes place annually in newcastle in june ?
what type of lenses were needed to see the 3d effects in dimension in time ?
where did kenyatta visit at the invitation of the president ?
what form of death did jamukha hope temüjin would allow him ?
according to the riemann hypothesis , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 except for what values of s ?
where did the broncos stay at for super bowl 50 ?
what is a particular problem in biology that would benefit from determining that p = np ?
how many schools and institutions does the church operate overseas ?
what did albrecht need the indulgences to pay for ?
what kind of shows were used as counterprogramming by abc in the fall of 1959 ?
what kind of disorders occur when part of the immune system is n't active ?
what type of mixture was created to replace the pure oxygen atmosphere inside the cabin ?
by what did luther believe the just person lives ?
what would the latter apollo missions carry to the moon to increase exploration ?
what day of the week are general elections held ?
when was the suspension by fifa lifted ?
what was the title of philo 's work ?
when did luther broaden his attacks to include core church doctrines ?
what did tesla do at his old school in 1879 ?
what is cpdna 's replication similar to ?
how many full time teachers does victoria have ?
what is a major importance of southern california in relation to california and the united states ?
how can you protest against the government in an individual way ?
in 1517 who was luther 's bishop ?
in what city 's marriott did the broncos stay ?
what do some mongolians feel non-mongolian historians exaggerate about genghis khan ?
how many paintings did john sheeshanks give to the museum ?
what kind of membrane came from the host ?
what is the name of the bronco 's head coach , who was hired after john fox ?
what did the radical reformers cause in the new order ?
what were high court proceedings being held about ?
which country was the last to receive the disease ?
what techniques did chinese medicine include ?
what are some large pharmacy management companies ?
how soon after the cabin fire incident did nasa create its accident review board ?
which member of parliament explained how the museum would preserve the collection and keep it available to the public ?
between what dates was the building on pilgrim street refurbished ?
in what process are electrons recycled ?
what was the name of the leader ennobled by henry iii
what made ohio country vulnerable ?
what is the name of the law which imposed the speed limit ?
what did davies want to build
when was rhineland subject to the treaty of versailles ?
how much did the initial version of the sm weigh in pounds ?
who was the ally of his father that genghis khan fell out as time passed ?
what is dramatic gesturing an example of ?
which city is the fifth-largest city in california ?
what did olivier roy state underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century ?
where are teachers recruited from ?
where did maududi exert the most impact ?
if the average u.s. worker were to complete an additional year of school , what amount of growth would be generated over 5 years ?
what does phycoerytherin appear in ?
what is the first major city in the stream of the rhine ?
how effective was the military use of the " afghan arabs " ?
what did foreign clones of datapac allow for
when was the second oil crisis ?
what year was the ecsc agreement established ?
what is tuition for 2012 - 13 year at harvard ?
what party is favored in bedigo and geelong ?
to what century did the idea of ether belong ?
what is strongly linked to good student-teacher relationships ?
how many touchdowns did brock osweiler throw in the season ?
how many people were on the test flight of the as-206 ?
how far is fresno from los angeles ?
what change in conditions may make the amazon rainforest unsustainable ?
what happened to the rate of flow in the rhine during the rhine straightening program ?
how many quadrangles does the main quadrangles have ?
what shape are granal thylakoids ?
who ended the series in 1989 ?
horizontal layers of what are pulled along a surface into a back stop in analog versions of orogenic wedge experiments ?
what is the name of the movement that seeks renewed use of steam power in the modern era ?
how many main flows are branched off from the nederrijn ?
what did nsfnet eventually provide
what would need to remain constant in a multiplication algorithm to produce the same outcome whether multiplying or squaring two integers ?
what the marginal utility of wealth per income per person do as that person becomes richer ?
which architect , famous for designing london 's st. paul cathedral , is represented in the riba collection ?
in the wake of the abc and capital cities merger , who was the president of abc news and abc sports ?
what was the average household size ?
what fields of study did martin luther prefer ?
interest groups and government agencies that were concerned with energy were no match for who ?
what was east and central africa 's economy boosted by ?
what is the minimum percent of alcohol content a german law requires all spirits and liqueurs to have ?
what was the name of the first huguenot church in the new world ?
who is the present quarterback of the broncos ?
what was the goal of this roman disobedience ?
what system has an impact on income inequality ?
where was tesla hoping to attend classes in prague ?
which episode was matt smith 's final one as doctor who ?
why do polar water bodies support a higher amount of life ?
what is the applicant admission rate for class of 2019 ?
after the negotiations were done what did luther experience ?
what subatomic particle did tesla deny the existence of ?
what type of treaty was the lisbon treaty ?
what was the name of westinghouse 's company ?
what process do moderate and reformist islamists work within the boundaries of ?
how do students rate teachers that they feel are enthusiastic ?
what does the outside of the tardis resemble ?
what year did the university team up with shimer college ?
what is the repulsive force of close range atom interaction ?
what conviction motivated eliot to move towards secularization ?
who was the game 's top receiver ?
what combined with ricing prices to make it difficult or impossible for poor people to keep pace ?
what can students that complete high school have opportunites to do ?
what happened to the credibility of secular politics as a result of the six-day war ?
what city is tied with miami for hosting the super bowl ?
what was the occupation of tesla 's father ?
what language other than english has the scottish parliament had meetings in ?
what company has been hosted at the theatre royal for over 25 years ?
who sacked newton with 11 seconds left in the first half ?
what powers does the court of justice of the european union have in regards to treaties ?
what is the nickname for the abc facility built at columbus avenue and west 66th street ?
what was the second meaning of a chinese word for 'barracks ' ?
what does lgm stands for ?
in what two age groups is the strength of the immune system reduced ?
why do land plants have more and smaller chloroplasts ?
which cathedral is located in fenham ?
what 's the name of the green space north of the center of newcastle ?
in which case did the court of justice hold that requiring italian lawyers to comply with maximum tariffs unless there was an agreement with a client was not a restriction ?
compared to smeaton 's improvement on newcomen 's engine , how much coal did watt 's engine use ?
what textile industry did the huguenots contribute to in ireland ?
what was abc 's logo based on after the abc-upt merger was finalized ?
when using a probabilistic algorithm , how is the probability that the number is composite expressed mathematically ?
what does ozone 's characteristic to cause damage effect ?
what was brown 's job ?
which massive lake did the mongolians call tenggis ?
who was a prominent huguenot in holland ?
who recovered tolbert 's fumble ?
who established the amount of prime numbers in existence ?
how much money was spent on other festivities in the bay area to help celebrate the coming super bowl 50 ?
how many tons of dust are blown from the sahara each year ?
which department houses the works on paper of the costume collection ?
what was the name of the doctor who special created for comic relief ?
what is the first major bend in the rhine called ?
which artist who had a major influence on the gothic revival is represented in the v & a 's british galleries ?
the steps around the water feature can be drained for what uses ?
what is this invisible radiant energy now known as ?
what does computational complexity theory most specifically seek to answer ?
which major network was the most watched for the 2000-01 season ?
along with stephenson and walschaerts , what is an example of a simple motion ?
what was the first doctor who show that tvontario ran ?
which country rationed gasoline and heating gas ?
when was the british nationality act passed ?
what is the group called that does not agree with government at all ?
how long would the invasion of the middle east have to last in order to develop renewable resources ?
what helps to unleash the productivity ability of the poor ?
from which countries did the norse originate ?
what unintended development did the relationship with the elector have on church government ?
which florida venue was one of three considered for super bowl 50 ?
when did delegates to the world methodist council vote to adopt the joint declaration on the doctrine of justification ? "
how many fumbles did von miller force ?
which of abc 's main production facilities is located in new york city ?
what is the central business district of san diego ?
how many rooms does the warsaw historical museum have ?
what position does danny trevathan play ?
whose pass to jerricho cotchery was ruled incomplete ?
what were the fossils that were found to represent ctenphores missing that current ctenphora have ?
what decade marked abc 's transition to color programming ?
by decreasing resistance to blood flow in the lungs , what organ 's workload can be eased ?
who were later yuan emperors isolated from ?
what did the analysis from the sediment deposits indicate ?
what percent of the labor force work in agriculture ?
what was the name of the doctor who play from the 1980 's ?
what is the income inequality gap between genders in botswana ?
when did the origins of magnetic and electric fields occur ?
what makes plants green ?
what did lempicka represent better than anyone else ?
what rank does doctor who hold in a list of the 100 greatest kids ' tv shows ?
what organization arranged to founding of school ?
how much did advertising revenue increase for abc between 1953 and 1958 ?
how many types of x.25 networks were there originally
what chloroplast structure is similar to the inner mitochondria membrane ?
at first what did tesla think was the main cause of damage to skin cells when they were exposed to x-rays ?
in china , this person inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by silt deposition , what was his name ?
what other location did apollo 1 test at besides kennedy space center ?
where was victoria first set to be located in australia ?
how many days did the warsaw uprising last ?
why is jochi 's reported alliance with the muslims historically suspect ?
what planet seemed to buck newton 's gravitational laws ?
why did british operation fail in 1755 , 56 , 57 ?
what was the technical name of the first unmanned saturn v flight , apollo 4 ?
on what date did espn deportes announce their deal with cbs and the nfl ?
what kind of amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions ?
what percentage of the population of warsaw was jewish in 1897 ?
roughly , how much oxygen makes up the earth crust ?
how were some modern economic inequalities created ?
what is the turbine entry temperature of a steam turbine , in degrees celsius ?
on an international level , which industry 's competitive positions is affected ?
what is the name of the current king of thebes in the play ?
how many barrels of oil is it estimated kenya has ?
what do people with lower income have less access to ?
what is an example of major civil disobedience in south africa ?
what soap opera is currently featured in abc 's daytime programming ?
when did the bbc receive a favorable ruling on the trade mark claim ?
what town was actually granted to the huguenots on arrival ?
how is the o2 molecule referred to in its ground state ?
when did luther enter into the senate of the theology faculty of the university of wittenberg ?
what was the building that formerly occupied the v & a 's present site called ?
how many divisions are required to verify the primality of the number 37 ?
what did luther think that faith could not be understood by ?
what special audio recording was released for the 40th anniversary ?
what was the purpose of the turks in luther 's mind ?
what does rajan feel has created deep financial fault lines ?
which theory suggested people in the tropics were uncivilized ?
who designed the forest tapestry in the v & a collection ?
what does most of the hd material use as a standard ?
the production of what signalling molecules is regulated by the immune system ?
what would change the rotational inertia of a body under newton 's first law of motion ?
why did the 5th president of the university decide to get rid of the football program ?
who lives no longer on average than greeks and new zealanders ?
what provides a solution to a list of integers provided as input that ned to be sorted ?
who was the final prime minister of east germany ?
who was yersinia pestis named for ?
what parts of the original catholic mass did luther leave out of his new mass ?
in what state were the original launching facilities for missions ?
what are the three major types of rock ?
how are eggs and sperm released ?
who won the super bowl mvp ?
where can you find more information on a country 's practices ?
on january 7 , 2016 , it was confirmed that which start would join coldplay for the halftime show ?
what did the mongols shield themselves with while attacking samarkand ?
who was the nfl commissioner in early 2012 ?
what type of goals are usually done skirting the law ?
what was galileo ferraris ?
to where did ethelred flee ?
as of february 2011 , how many numbers has goldbach 's conjecture been proven to ?
how much did it cost to build the stadium where super bowl 50 was played ?
le grand concludes that an author 's words offer only what they intended for them to imply regarding this type of terminology ?
what chinese era name did kublai adopt ?
friedrich ratzel thought what was needed for a state to survive ?
where did the broncos practice at for super bowl 50 ?
what is usual form of oxygen bound compounds ?
what museum preserves the memory of the crime ?
what is preschool required for ?
what artist provided the woodcuts for luther 's bible ?
who was cromwell 's allies ?
what is the function of the tardis ?
what park is close to john lennon street ?
what will ensure and create the framework for the action plan to work ?
what is the basic unit of organization within the umc ?
when did barton and whitfield demand climate research records ?
why was this bill nessecary ?
the french thought bringing what would uplift other regions ?
what was the price of oil in march of 1974 ?
what plans of the british did this attach on oneida carry set back ?
where did kublai extend the grand canal to ?
how many abc affiliates does the e. w. scripps company own ?
what was the first recorded settlement in what became newcastle ?
what has islamism been increasingly interdependent with following the arab spring ?
when did luther and his wife live ?
what astronomers is also a university alumni member ?
who are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project ?
what is the process in which neutrophils move towards the site of inflammation called ?
where was the 2000 study conducted ?
with whom must someone who wants to teach register ?
other than universal and warner brothers , what other company runs a major record company ?
where did luther become angry at the widespread destruction of church property ?
what is one issue that adds to the complexity of a pharmacist 's job ?
what was the name of the first episode of the new doctor who series ?
how many people , at most , have died of plague in baghdad ?
how many native american people resided in fresno in 2010 ?
what is the average construction salary in the middle east ?
what is the term for wind-blown dust in a tundra ?
how many individual libraries make up the main school library ?
richard allen and absalom jones were licensed by st. george 's church in what year ?
how was the dutch name for the rhine originally spelled ?
what component of water is more soluble than nitrogen ?
what are the siouan-speaking tribes ?
what did michael mullet call luther 's speech ?
what do etioplasts ' internal membranes have ?
why is the node requiered to look up
what was shrewsbury 's conclusion ?
in 2009 what was the total of grants awarded from harvard ?
what major conquest did tancred play a roll in ?
how many lines run out of downtown los angeles ?
what does article 102 of the treaty of lisbon prohibit ?
what is one work by olivier messiaen ?
what increases student 's motivation to learn ?
who originally hosted who wants to be a millionaire for abc ?
where was the rhine regulated with an upper canal ?
on what street was the theatre royal 's replacement built ?
how many square miles large was the region impacted by the 2010 drought ?
what was nikola tesla 's ethnicity ?
which company held a contest whereupon contestants could enter for a chance to have their own commercial shown during super bowl 50 ?
along with the american institute of electrical engineers what other institute eventually became the ieee ?
what sort of system releases the exhaust steam into the atmosphere ?
what network was designed by the french
what is the biggest abc subchannel affiliate by the size of markets ?
who had established the russian empire to its former glory prior to 1921 ?
in computational complexity theory , what is the term given to describe the baseline abstract question needing to be solved ?
when was an extended episode of doctor who shown ?
what should be avoided when talking to authorities ?
what function is related to prime numbers ?
what is one main reason that civil disobedience is not recognized ?
which findings suggested that the region was densely populated ?
what color was used to emphasize the 50th anniversary of the super bowl ?
who did the sign language of the national anthem at super bowl 50 ?
which species moves by a darting motion ?
what is stress-management training considered to be ?
what geometric shape is used in equations to determine net force ?
what are the factors that are contributing to the desire to have sr 99 improved to be of interstate standards ?
what percentage of german students attended private schools in 2008 ?
where did the discharge from glaciers go in europe in the last ice age ?
what happened to the as-205 mission originally ?
who is the vice-chair of the ipcc ?
what kind of engines did the biplane design have ?
when did mongke khan die ?
what is distribution of income from labor due to the differences of ?
what is the name of the border to the south ?
who first wrote about the rhine 's discovery and border ?
when was a part of grainger town destroyed ?
who teaches in secondary schools ?
what county was newcastle a part of until 1400 ?
why did oil start getting priced in terms of gold ?
what was the third city that was considered ?
what are the first buildings the university built knows as today ?
who are the oldest villains from the doctor who series ?
how many appearances have the denver broncos made in the super bowl ?
rock units become thicker and shorten when placed under this type of compression .
in a nuclear power plant , what is the steam turbine connected to ?
what is kenya a founding member of ?
what did tesla note the hazards of working with ?
when was the gerald ratner athletics center constructed ?
who were temüjin 's three full brothers ?
to promote accessibility of the works , what did luther remove ?
if 1 were to be considered as prime what would the sieve of eratosthenes yield for all other numbers ?
for which tv season did color first become a dominant format ?
which station started showing doctor who after the sf channel closed ?
when was the basis for the social chapter developed ?
what government set standards do all schools have to meet ?
during what time period did income inequality decrease in the united states ?
what is jacksonville 's hottest recorded temperature ?
what style of lace is erroneously believed by some to have huguenot influence ?
what type of defense is sometimes used in court by protestors ?
what first prompted the regeneration concept ?
what is psalm 31:5 ?
how many seats did the snp take from the liberal democrats ?
what is another name for teaching within the family ?
what was the name given to a section of kearney boulevard in efforts to change the areas image ?
what computational problem is commonly associated with prime factorization ?
what reference is there to huguenot lacemakers in the 19th century ?
what did tesla claim his resonant frequencies could do in the world today article ?
where did two leaders join hands and " give birth " to a new denomination ?
why is the second timeline needed ?
what does pharmacy legislation mandate ?
what is a term that means constant temperature ?
what type of beings does doctor who usually take with him on his travels ?
which countries are represented in the far eastern collections ?
based on population alone , what is jacksonville 's ranking in the united states ?
when were the finalists announced ?
in south africa , along with privately governed schools , what schools are classified as independent ?
which provinces in canada limit the rights of pharmacists in prescribing ?
what river does warsaw straddle ?
what form do complex gaussian integers have ?
what word is the word pharmacy taken from ?
how many doctor who episodes have been shown , in total ?
how many pieces of legislation has the social charter become the basis for ?
what did he light at his laboratories to demonstrate his wireless power transmission ?
in which regions in particular did genghis khan 's armies massacre civilians ?
what was the memoir entitled which was submitted to the american philosophical society ?
in what year did a tropical storm cause a four day loss of power to jacksonville ?
where was the language luther used in his translations spoken ?
what is the name of world renowned cellist is a former harvard student ?
what can the non-elected members from the scottish government not do ?
how high was the stone wall built around newcastle in the 13th century ?
who voted against jacksonville 's annexation ?
where did luther explain his idea of justification ?
where did the family move in 1862 ?
in june 1884 , where did tesla relocate ?
how many people were in french north american colonies ?
what body part did thomas davis break during the nfc championship game ?
what became the foundation of the reformation ?
what player punched the ball in from the 2 ?
what brought the downfall of jacksonville filmmaking ?
what was william johnson 's iroquois name ?
who took command of french in spring of 1753 ?
when did the british defeat new france ?
how many saturn v rockets were produced by nasa during the apollo project ?
which entity has a monopoly on initiating legislation ?
what is the chloroplast of dinophysis ?
where in dundee will the gallery be located ?
when did the wahhabi seized the grand mosque in mecca ?
which denomination has more of an individualistic streak ?
what force changes an objects direction of travel ?
what fields have increased in influence on pharmacy in the united states ?
which city is the most populous in california ?
where is the tyneside bar located ?
where is the upper canal regulation of the rhine ?
in the encoding of mathematical objects , what is the way in which integers are commonly expressed ?
what high maintenance part did tesla 's ac motor not require ?
when did henry issue the edict of nantes ?
which material is the gloucester candlestick made from ?
where might committees meet outside of parliament ?
what caused the separation of the methodists in the american colonies ?
what was the most important discovery that led to the understanding that earth 's lithosphere is separated into tectonic plates ?
how did the final song emperor die ?
when did abc begin broadcasting the miss america pageant ?
which two mongol leaders added persia to the mongol empire ?
what distinct quality of combustion was absent from philogiston theory ?
how many people were estimated to go to the different game-themed events during the week prior to super bowl 50 in the city it was held in ?
who objected to tetzel 's collections of money to free souls from purgatory ?
the development of terra preta allowed for what to happen in the amazon forest ?
in august 1994 , which flint , michigan affiliate did abc purchase ?
what did polo call the yuan capital ?
who is generally considered on the same level as physicians , lawyers , engineers , and accountants ( chartered or cpa ) ?
for which show did billie piper tape an introduction ?
when was the dutch revolt ?
how did luther show the trinity in his catechisms ?
where did apollo 1 's crew conduct tests at kennedy space center ?
what team did the denver broncos play in super bowl xxxiii ?
what are alternate english spelling of genghis ?
in the layered model of the earth , the outermost layer is what ?
which california venue was one of three considered for super bowl 50 ?
what type of opportunities would be expected from these counties ?
compared to other elements , how abundant does oxygen rank ?
who did the panthers beat to become the nfc champs ?
of what were materials that left little residue thought to contain ?
why were johann esch and heinrich voes executed by the catholic church ?
in what year did tesla die ?
what was the capital of the mongol empire ?
what did pegasus satellites measure to propose the safety of the environment in space and on the moon ?
what year did levi 's stadium become fully approved to host super bowl 50 ?
what was the incident over taxes at ballarat called ?
what canadian investor sought abc 's help in launching a station in 1960 ?
what were the first two stations to carry abc 's programming ?
on what day does the super bowl media day traditionally take place ?
what dynasty did genghis khan plan to attack after conquering western xia ?
what follows secondary education ?
what tradition were the saint-evroul monks known for ?
what does " tgif " stand for ?
how long did tesla spend redesigning the motor and generators ?
what kind of forest is the amazon rainforest ?
when was the main gallery of the v & a 's ceramics and glass collection redesigned ?
when did kenya reach the semi-finals ?
what replica was used for player introductions ?
what shakespeare scholar is a faculty member at harvard ?
who is the author of the book , " knowledge and decisions " ?
what actor played the valeyard ?
what petroleum company was a super bowl sponsor ?
what is the name of the desert near the border of nevada ?
how many museums comprise harvard art museums ?
what shape of space did tesla consider a " false conception " ?
what did the license to build this type of car expire in 2011 ?
what is harvard 's most intense rival ?
where did marin build first fort ?
when was a patent-sharing agreement signed between westinghouse electric and general electric ?
how fast were the winds around st. augustine in the 1964 hurricane ?
the brotherhood 's members are against consuming what beverage ?
what drives down wages in a job with many workers willing to work a lot ?
what did luther believe that the soul does after death ?
what is another way of learning that is not formal ?
what does the pink triangle have a range of ?
what are apicomplexans similar to ?
in what part of the city did residents suffer from a lack of city services ?
in what year did pierre de fermat declare fermat 's little theorem ?
the umc supports federal funding for research on embryos created for what purpose ?
what kind of weapon did tesla talk about ?
what was carried on extended lunar missions ?
what event would necessitate airline passengers to need a supplemental supply of oxygen ?
who besides the british colonized africa ?
what type of outlook do some of the muslims in london have ?
what are chromoplasts ?
when did the nfl announce that it would not use roman numbers to designate the super bowl number ?
why is it difficult to resolve disagreements about the changes in the amazon rainforest ?
when did operation anvil open ?
what award has marlee matlin won ?
who missed a field goal for the panthers ?
where was austrian polytechnic located ?
who helped temüjin rescue his wife from the merkits ?
what special was created for the show 's 30th anniversary ?
where did johnson stop ?
what are new responsibilities pharmacy technicians now deal with ?
how long was each doctor who episode in the 2005 revival series ( including ads ) ?
what did thoreau ask a public figure the taxman to do ?
who handled play-by-play for the denver radio market ?
how many huguenots were killed in toulouse ?
when was the french and indian war ?
what is the minimum required if you want to teach in canada ?
xenoliths are picked up by what and deposited into the matrix of igneous rocks ?
what protein does staphylococcus aureus produce to make antibodies ineffective ?
what did luther 's translation of the bible promote in the german language ?
what type of geologists give information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks ?
what time framd does the seven years war cover ?
in what year did abc stop using it 's four-note jingle for promotion ?
what alumni is also the governor of the bank of japan ?
where was the first horse racetrack located ?
how many combinatory and graph theoretical problems , formerly believed to be plagued by intractability , did karp 's paper address ?
what is the service sector dominated by ?
when b cells and t cells begin to replicate , what do some of their offspring cells become ?
where was the charles porter steam engine indicator shown ?
who did abc sell the rights to all my children and one life to live to ?
what nationality is the architect enric miralles ?
what is one common example of a critical complexity measure ?
which three famous british potters are represented the the v & a ceramics collection ?
which pope sought to undermine luther 's theories ?
where was tracy wolfson announcing from during the super bowl 50 game ?
what carolina player was injured in the nfc championship game ?
who were two of the founders of the united methodist church ?
how many khitan tumens were there ?
how are laboratory measurements of forces determined ?
how many touchdowns did manning throw in the game ?
what doctor who episode won a hugo award in 2010 ?
what is the system by which prokaryotes retain phage gene fragments that they have previously come in contact with ?
how many sororities belong to the national panhellenic conference ?
what brand sponsored the " crash the super bowl " contest ?
what river is located in the vicinity of the school ?
what was the first picture released by abc pictures ?
what did sasse proclaim luther to be ?
who hired tesla in 1888 ?
when was kenya electricity generating company established ?
what type of education was assessed during this time ?
what are those from jacksonville sometimes called ?
what chinese system did kublai 's government compromise with ?
what was the name of the contest sponsored by quickbooks ?
when was the masovian duchy reincorporated into the polish crown ?
when did abc films begin selling programs to other networks ?
what effect did the plague have on the middle east ?
what is the highest court in the european union ?
when was martin luther born ?
what is the moniker that is being used to describe the region 's diversified technology ?
in what way do idea strings transmit tesion forces ?
what is an autoimmune disease that affects women preferentially ?
what type of immune cells help to destroy abnormal cells in tumors ?
what percentage of filipino tertiary education takes place in private schools ?
what is one of the largest city center shopping complexes in the uk ?
in what year did one individual suggest classifying the trees of the amazon into four categories ?
how many kenyans are non-religious ?
who did the normans team up with in anatolia ?
in what year did the fcc begin an investigation in to the operation of radio networks in america
where did water on the eastern side of the amazon basin travel after the split ?
how would one create an empire by means of imperialism ?
what kind of chloroplasts do cryptophytes have ?
what 's the climate like in newcastle ?
what percentage of france 's population is protestant today ?
which nfl team won super bowl 50 ?
what injury did thomas davis suffer from repeatedly , for a total of three times , during his career ?
who ended up replacing joseph francis shea as aspo manager ?
drop in the blood levels of cortisol and epinephrine results in increase levels of what hormones ?
who thought that the yuan 's social class system should n't be called social classes ?
how many naval bases are located in jacksonville ?
what is the highest point of the rhine basin called ?
what did shrewsbury note about the plague ?
in what year did priestley publish the findings of his experiments ?
what type of motivators are achievement and self determination considered ?
what do some sources say nikola 's brother died from ?
what does atp synthase change into atp ?
when did tesla first show off the turbine ?
who expounded the three laws of motion ?
what agency did the spanish version of the super bowl ?
when was the third assessment report published ?
in what type of ring can prime ideals be used for validating quadratic reciprocity ?
what are the two major subtypes of t cells ?
what does 'plastid ' mean ?
in what year is the oldest pharmacy said to have been established ?
in what year did the affiliate program end ?
what book did luther write in response to agricola and the antinomians ?
southern california had a population of 22,680,010 according to the census from which year ?
which leading english tapestry workshop in the late 17th century and early 18th century is represented in the v & a collection ?
who was the first doctor to travel with a married couple ?
who did the broncos play in the last week of the regular season ?
what did the industrial revolution cause to happen to newcastle ?
on what date did the nfl announce that coldplay would headline the halftime show ?
what has an equivalence between mass and space-time ?
what other areas did the apollo missions help spur advancements in ?
what consist of one ore more annual conferences ?
what is missing a theory on quantum gravity ?
how many chloroplasts are in stomatal guard cells ?
what did he patent in 1891 ?
who was emma 's brother ?
when did genghis khan become great khan ?
when dating rocks , what is the absolute isotopic date applied to ?
what are two official bodies of the umc governing coalition ?
who discovered the yellow fever virus ?
which of the three heavily populated areas has the least number of inhabitants ?
in what book did betty meggers describe the idea of the amazon being sparsely populated ?
what type of writings did the reading of the qur'an bring out in luther ?
what is the name of another type of prime here p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape ?
which video gaming company debuted their ad for the first time during super bowl 50 ?
the papers of which famous english victorian author are collected in the library ?
what did the museum acquire from the royal college of science ?
who took thomas murphy 's place after the disney acquisition of abc ?
on what date was super bowl 50 given to levi 's stadium ?
what does motion at a constant velocity equal ?
how many major ice ages have occurred ?
along with a desire for more steam pressure , what were early drivers looking to generate when they fastened safety valves down ?
how many coordinating lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have ?
where do ipcc reports get their information ?
what was the digitization project called ?
what is kenya 's literacy rate ?
what is reduced by using plastid transformation for gene modification ?
why are there more poor people in the united states and europe than china ?
what is the term for an indian private school ?
what type of sanctions has the us directed at iran ?
what were mohammedanism and the turk ?
when did kibaki and odinga sing an agreement on the formation of government ?
what two resources commonly consumed by alternate models are typically known to vary ?
who agreed with the burning of synagogues ?
what was a long term goal of french foreign policy along the rhine ?
how did genghis khan describe himself to the people of bukhara ?
which other ancient organism formed basic immune mechanisms ?
how many bafta tv awards has doctor who won ?
what was the average duty of a low-pressure watt engine ?
what is an example of a machine model that deviates from a generally accepted multi-tape turing machine ?
who had the idea of a natural state for objects at rest ?
what does the film of oxide on metals delay ?
what did carolina face in the opening drive that they had not faced the entire postseason ?
what does the transport and storage demand for safety in dealing with oxygen ?
what political response was convening in june/july 1754 ?
what type of treatment do civil disobedients usually receive ?
what are some normal breakfast foods ?
who won the battle of lake george ?
in addition to watt , boulton and smeaton , whose engine was an atmosphere design ?
when was a doctor who prom performed ?
what is another way to state the condition that infinitely many primes can exist only if a and q are coprime ?
in what venue did the nfl experience take place ?
where was montcalm focusing the defense for new france ?
what does co-teaching get the students to focus on ?
why did temüjin kill those of jamukha 's followers that had betrayed their leader ?
on what date did the first railway trip in the world occur ?
what is the level of inequality in underdeveloped countries ?
what year did bskyb and virgin media have a dispute over the carriage of sky channels on cable tv ?
the united states is divided into how many jurisdictions ?
what amount of the worlds carbon is stored in the amazon forest ?
what has a negative influence over the us economy ?
in which year did genghis khan 's grandson invade kievan rus ' ?
what company was chosen to build an ac distribution system at niagara falls ?
what do the three richest people in the world posses more of than the lowest 48 nations together ?
what is the most feared condition that divers want to avoid ?
who is methodism 's revered founder ?
what else did the new consitution change ?
who were the secondary companions of the ninth and tenth doctors ?
who discussed twigg 's study in 2002 ?
why is using o2 instead of co2 less efficient ?
how many days does the parliament have to nominate a first minister after a general election ?
what is a simple form of civil disobedience ?
who said tesla had a " distinguished sweetness " ?
what is the name of the stadium in san francisco bay area ?
what are some causes of reduced immune function in developed countries ?
what percentage of warsaw 's population was protestant in 1901 ?
what made the oil crisis worse in the us ?
what was the ideal duty of a newcomen engine ?
when did tesla get his us citizenship ?
when did dyrrachium fall to the normans ?
in which year did benjamin lamme achieve success making the motor more efficient ?
where was marin 's second fort constructed ?
whose occupation of kuwait did the us military personal seek to put an end to ?
what channels were removed from the network in march of 2007 ?
what is the name of the area past the border that the megaregion extends into ?
where was new year 's rockin ' eve hosted ?
what is the historic heart of newcastle ?
who was the announcer for westwood one 's super bowl 50 coverage ?
what is the increased rates of self-employment based on ?
who was the first chair of the ipcc ?
where is corporal punishment usually performed these days ?
what was kublai 's favorite sect of tibetan buddhism ?
what is happening to the average age of teachers in wales ?
how many seasons did the love boat run for ?
abc bought 20 acres of land in hollwood in 1949 that would become what studio ?
who was the 4th to rule the yuan dynasty ?
what had the yuan used to print its money before bronze plates ?
how was sadat rewarded by the islamists for his attempts to bring egypt into modern times and civilization ?
what was his belief as to what nature was supposed to be ?
that there currently exists no known integer factorization problem underpins what commonly used system ?
what is the total cost of attendance in 2012-13 ?
what tribes were the romans fearful would invade from the north ?
how many photographic plates comprise the animal locomotion collection ?
how much revenue is private ?
when was the coldest temperature in newcastle recorded ?
who did tesla work for in the 1880s ?
how many primes were included in derrick norman lehmer 's list of prime numbers ?
who translated this version of the scriptures ?
what does the discovery museum draw attention to ?
how many first downs did denver have for super bowl 50 ?
what court is able to interpret european union law ?
when was phags-pa script invented ?
what is a new trend in teaching ?
what is the name of the latest epoch ?
what does man 's justification depend on in faith ?
where was an elected assembly to be set up , under the terms of the scotland act of 1978 ?
what group of civil disobedients brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the government ?
what metal was used in inalchuq 's execution ?
when was the study on sequenced y genomes published ?
what part of the umc calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment ?
what should a christian follow in his life ?
what kind of universities is the region famous for ?
what group has no feeding appendages ?
which single did beyoncé and coldplay collaborate on ?
which company has held contests for fans to create their own ad for the company ?
what slogan accompanied the 40th anniversary logo for abc ?
other than a peace-ray , what did reporters call the weapon ?
what is the name of mongolia 's largest airport ?
when did abc and disney 's television relationship lapse ?
what position did mark woods take on at the new american broadcasting company ?
where have herbivorous fishes been seen feeding on gelatinous zooplankton ?
whose writings were widely quoted by the third reich ?
when was the battle of frankenhausen ?
what was the entity that stepped in and caused miami 's sun life stadium to no longer be in the running to host super bowl 50 ?
when did the plague return to europe ?
deacons serve a term of how many years as provisional deacons ?
what is another country that permits physicians to give out drugs from within their practice ?
what element did gay-lussac and von humboldt discover was present in twice the amount of oxygen in water ?
how are victorian cabinet members chosen ?
what rive joins the rhine in duisburg ?
where do clinical pharmacists work with patients ?
what has given the american economy a tendency to go " from bubble to bubble " ?
how many times has doctor who won the hugo for best dramatic presentation ?
what did the ominde commission do ?
who scored the first points for denver ?
how many troops were defeated for british in battle of carillon ?
how do mongolians sometime describe their relationship to genghis khan ?
the v & a has its origins in which world exposition ?
what net loss did the conservatives suffer ?
which animal that lives in the amazon river may produce a deadly shock ?
what chemist showed that fire needed only a part of air ?
what nationality is the band coldplay ?
which player recovered possession of the ball in the end zone ?
what was the final score of the game between the panthers and the seahawks ?
what is the most rainfall recorded in a 24 hour period in fresno ?
what portion of luther 's last statement was in german ?
how do co-teachers work with each other to fulfill the needs of students ?
what day of the week did shark tank debut on ?
what is different about cyanidioschyzon merolæ ?
what did luther need to do to avoid excommunication ?
what would be needed to host a larger population ?
what does corporal punishment cause a student ?
when was the third period of high viewership for the doctor who series ?
what feature will enrich the the pedestrian friendly environment after restoration ?
who was the first quarterback to take two teams to more than one super bowl ?
who other than tesla did westinghouse consider for the patents ?
which duty do some people believe civil disobedients have ?
why did kublai 's successors lose control of the rest of the mongol empire ?
what article was published in 1937 ?
what city north of new york was settled by huguenots ?
which state route has been in discussion to upgrade to interstate standards ?
who listed the grainger market architecture as grade 1 in 1954 ?
what was the first steam powered device used commercially ?
what is the second aspect of teacher enthusiasm ?
when was the charter for this church signed ?
what characteristic did tesla say helped his scientific abilities ?
other than 7 and 13 , what other year interval do cicadas pupate ?
who was this season 's nfl mvp ?
how many career sacks did jared allen have ?
what measurement do scientists used to determine the quality of water ?
how many fumbles did von miller force in super bowl 50 ?
what does matter actually have that newtonian mechanics does n't address ?
what is the name of the french colony established in 1564 ?
what is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations ?
how many forced fumbles did thomas davis have ?
who did luther say that christians must not slacken in following ?
who headed the niagara falls cataract construction company in 1893 ?
how many of the scottish electorate would need to for it on the referendum ?
in what era did some members of this community emigrate to the us ?
how many total volumes are in the harvard library system ?
what was there a significant minority of in warsaw ?
what goldman sachs ceo is also an alumni of the university of chicago ?
what university won the award for most it enabled organisation ?
what was the value of the john jones collection when it was left to the museum ?
what was the presidential working party on the second university commissioned to do ?
who makes up the bbc commentary team with greg brady and rocky boiman ?
which nfl team represented the nfc at super bowl 50 ?
who was iqbal a critic of ?
where is kenya place on the scale in 2012 ?
what type of number generators make use of prime numbers ?
how many incarnations can a time lord have ?
geographically speaking , where is california 's north - south midway point in terms of latitude ?
what is the average plant biosmass ?
who was the duke in the battle of hastings ?
what years saw the most loss of old shows in the bbc archives ?
who did bskyb team up with because it was not part of the consortium ?
what is the last name of the player who finally recovered the ball newton lost in the fourth quarter ?
who mapped the st. johns river in 1562 ?
where did support from governmental and religious groups come from ?
focus on what is to ameliorate the many problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry .
what is the name of the fund that focuses on youth , community and sustainable environments ?
why did france choose to give up continental lands ?
what does the islamic state lack from the international community ?
what is the term for a hyperactive immune system that attacks normal tissues ?
what type of creature is usually doctor who 's companion ?
when did honda , toyota and nissan open us assembly plants ?
what is the highest court in european union law ?
generally speaking , what size are the earthquakes that hit southern california ?
what japanese network did abc purchase a stake in in 1951 ?
in what decade were injectors widely used in steam engines ?
what were casualties of battle ?
who won super bowl 50 ?
why was ac electricity gaining popularity ?
what criticism in ny times article that impacts the quality of education at harvard ?
what is the virus in humans that causes cervical cancer ?
what major newcastle road stretches from edinburgh to london ?
how many points are there in the foundation of the reformation ?
where were british defeated in canada ?
who made temüjin khan of the mongols ?
where and when did the investigation of the plague pathogen begin ?
which sitcom produced a spinoff for abc after ending its run in 1984 ?
who was made governor of samarqand ?
what are the core treaties that the primary law of the eu consists of ?
who presented the edict of worms declaring luther to be an outlaw ?
what is circuit switching characterized by
where did the rhine occupy during the holocene ?
where was the ball recovered ?
which channel did the 5 applications request for broadcast ?
what were the names of tesla 's new partners ?
which doctor who show was the largest simulcast of a tv drama ?
when did the packers arrive at a record of 13-0 ?
who is the president of egypt ?
to where was luther 's final journey ?
what has the court required to be more accessible ?
how can the deposition of compliment kill invader cells directly ?
what tribe did toghrul lead ?
what cruise line has included newcastle as a departure port since 2007 ?
how many membranes does durinskia 's chloroplast have ?
what have many ht members graduated to joining ?
what was the first us state to have compulsory education ?
where did the song dynasty continue to cause problems for kublai ?
how many punts did ted ginn jr. return ?
when has toyota said it will close its victoria plant ?
in what country was the doctor who film not successful enough to spawn a series ?
who refused to act until loudoun approved plans ?
what country has a problem with classroom discipline , even though scores on tests are high ?
in the case geven v land nordrhein-westfalen , how many hours was the dutch woman in question working in germany ?
what type of ideals generalize prime elements ?
when did sunday night football premiere on nbc ?
which type of livestock was the argricultural region known for ?
what was the percentage of people that voted in favor of the pico act of 1859 ?
what formation has an asymmetrical pattern of different terraces ?
other than warships , what ships typically required high speeds ?
what is the universal band that digital recievers will receive free to air channels on ?
by what means is imperialism usually administered ?
what does yeke mongghul ulus mean ?
what did jamukha request from temüjin instead of friendship ?
what is notable about the amazon forest when it is seen from space ?
what do power station steam turbines use as a cold sink in the absence of chp ?
how fast do objects fall on earth ?
on which magazine 's cover did tesla appear in 1931
when did england formally declare war on france ?
how many of the prior super bowl mvps appeared together at the pregame show ?
what alumni was also an attorney general and a federal judge ?
what does nadph store ?
if you do not know both magnitude and direction of two forces on an object , what would you call that situation ?
who led the north american huguenot colonial expedition ?
policies which try to control unemployment support economic growth because they reduce what ?
disney-abc television group implemented restrictions for hulu and watch abc that made episodes available only after how many days after initial broadcast ?
what did john dobson describe newcastle as ?
how did tesla finance his work ?
when did the series of strikes happen ?
what is the most important type of norman art preserved in churches ?
what type of bat that lives in the amazon rainforest can spread rabies ?
what method is used to intuitively assess or quantify the amount of resources required to solve a computational problem ?
what has the tendency to increase wages in a field or job position ?
when was the holocene ?
in what super bowl did rivera play ?
of warsaw 's inhabitants in 1901 , what percentage was catholic ?
where does oxygen rank by mass in the planet 's biosphere ?
when did zhu shijie die ?
what group can teachers register with ?
what characteristic identifies the french ancestry of some south africans ?
along with nuclear , geothermal and internal combustion engine waste heat , what sort of energy might supply the heat for a steam engine ?
who is the oldest quarterback to play in a super bowl ?
how many companies were part of the quickbooks contest ?
what is a common practice in official corporal punishment ?
what is pedanius dioscorides known for ?
how much did tesla receive from the sale of wardenclyffe ?
what type of protest falls under civil disobedience without aggression ?
what study covered subjects in 80,000 schools ?
by when did the germanic tribes conquer the celtic peoples ?
what is the theory that this king 's name is the origin of " huguenot " called ?
what is the nasuwt ?
rather than roman numerals , what did the nfl decide to use ?
how long was he bedridden with cholera ?
what experiences acceleration when external force is applied to a system ?
besides germany and switzerland , where else is lake constance ?
when was the military-political complex reflected upon within the scope of understanding imperialism ?
who hit the goal post on a field goal attempt ?
from 1947 to 1967 , how much did the price of oil increase ?
when did blackburne make his argument about luther and souls ?
when was his article published in century magazine ?
what was warsaw ranked the 7th greatest of ?
what type of wages result from jobs where there is low supply but high demand ?
which nbc radio network was tasked with testing new programs ?
what was the name of the other hd channel virgin media could carry in the future ?
what types of pharmacy functions have begun to be outsourced ?
the uk and france had non interruptions in their oil supply as they did not allow which country to use their airfield ?
what country has such unmanageable students that many teachers do not discipline them ?
what happens to the jellyfish nematocysts when they are eaten by the haeckelia ?
what foot was injured on manning that sidelined him in week 10 ?
how often do parliament elections take place ?
what early huguenot church was established in england ?
which proctor and gamble produced soap opera did abc air ?
who may assign elders ?
who formed the government in kenya ?
what types of discipline did the teacher have access to ?
where did the earliest item in the v & a glass collection come from ?
who was the war of currents waged between ?
which shaman 's proclamation aided temüjin 's rise ?
why did vision 2030 add the nccap ?
what was the name of the 2007 christmas special ?
what was the original name of california state university at fresno ?
what percentage of the u.s. population self-identify with umc ?
what caused the spread of the jacksonville fire in 1901 ?
when did colonial governors meet with general edward braddock about attack on the french ?
what does increased oxygen concentrations in the patient 's lungs displace ?
how long would the astronauts be project to be able to stay on the moon for in the latter missions ?
what is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers ?
which two leading roles did audra mcdonald perform when she was in high school ?
what is one straightforward case of a probabilistic test ?
what type of civil disobedience is accompanied by aggression ?
what is the name of the old north branch of the rhine ?
where was tesla 's new lab ?
what two radio stations in denver carried super bowl 50 ?
what does the ten commandments ask of the christians ?
what church money collector said that the sould would spring from purgatory through monetary donations ?
when was his lab destroyed ?
who bought the rights ?
what type of practices did the yuan reintroduce in government ?
what method was used to clear forest for crop cultivation in the amazon forest ?
what resolution were the eyevision cameras changed to ?
in what area of this british colony were huguenot land grants ?
how did the new king react to the huguenots ?
what persons were not allowed to settle in new france ?
why might the temperature affect the theory of plague spreading ?
what commission was censured in 1999 , and paved the way for commissioners to abuse their power ?
where did france win a war in the 1950 's
what was the henry cole wing previously called ?
by what process can active immunity be generated in an artificial manner ?
where was shirley planning an expedition ?
in what magazine did tesla talk about reflecting electricity off of submarine 's hulls ?
how long was the longest doctor who christmas special ?
who was the medical report written for ?
who has the authority of a pastor only within the context and during the time of the appointment ?
what was the warsaw pact war plan ?
whwn forces are at right ngles to each other what can they be broken down to ?
the frequent availability of what substance allowed land-based steam engines to exhaust a great deal of steam ?
how much of the rhine flow does ijssel carry ?
in what year did the fcc publish it 's report ?
in 1932 what was the rhine measurement changed to ?
what may a charter school require that their teachers meet the standards to be highly qualified by ?
what did biraben say about the plague in europe ?
who are debates and meetings open to ?
what is said to be the largest travelling funfair in europe ?
in what complexity class do complement problems of np problems exist ?
when did obama finally visit kenya ?
what lineage is karlodinium in ?
in which year did the jameel gallery of islamic art opened ?
what did tesla 's design not need ?
who approved of this plan ?
in what year did doctor who state that he was the last time lord ?
during glacial times , where was the mouth of the rhine located ?
why did he want to make the language accessible to people ?
what is the legislature of the european union comprised of ?
when was the national highway designated act signed ?
what did the taliban want to subject the entire country to ?
what german poet was descended from huguenots ?
what is warsaw known as in polish ?
why is the collection dominated by fashionable clothes made for special occasions ?
which tfeu article defines the ordinary legislative procedure that applies for majority of eu acts ?
how much money did dillon , read & co offer mark woods for nbc blue ?
what percent of the muslim population lives in kenya 's coastal region ?
what stadium did super bowl 50 take place in ?
why are people who distribute leaflets inside courthouses not been arrested ?
what happened to his ribs in the accident ?
how many touchdowns did newton get in the 2015 season ?
how did trying to establish a devolved scottish assembly go in 1979 ?
what was the total nominal gdp of warsaw in 2010 ?
what percentage of the land cleared in the amazon is used for growing livestock ?
what are plants with plastid gene transformations called ?
what new series continues the plot of the original doctor who ?
how accurate did guo make the reformed lunisolar calendar ?
what type of issues are members typically allowed to vote as they please ?
what is the atomic number for oxygen ?
who designed the turner and vernon galleries that were built in 1858-9 ?
who created an index of health and social problems ?
what broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations ?
what was one of tesla 's books where articles can be read ?
what do supporters of islamism believe their views reflect ?
what natural resources did the chinese government have a monopoly on ?
what is the time period represented in the museum 's textiles collection ?
who was tesla 's main influence in karlovac ?
what did he think was everywhere in the universe ?
what will be obtained as part of longer term plans for improvements to newcastle 's train system ?
what did luther call the consecrated bread and wine ?
when forces are from the presence of differnet objects , what law gives symmetry ?
what is the glacial alpine valley known as ?
which belgian footballer claimed that he should be allowed to transfer from one football club to another when his contract was fulfilled ?
what was given as the cause of death ?
what did luther state he would not exchange for his life with his wife ?
what was report p-2626
what was luther 's marriage seen as by others ?
what kind of cell did cynaobacteria enter long ago ?
when did the arab oil producers lift the embargo ?
what does the united methodist church use in the sacrament of the holy communion ?
what tribe fell apart after temüjin defeated toghrul ?
what fields of study were advanced during the yuan ?
what was the dominant housing template when industrial centres were growing the fastest ?
what is the comparison in price between australian private schools versus public ?
how did the settlers protect their interests ?
where is the chloroplast polypeptide synthesized ?
how many reptiles have been discovered in the amazon region ?
how many grammy award 's does the text say lady gaga has won ?
what was the result of the 1967 referendum ?
who formulated the idea of clonal selection theory of immunity ?
