what was tesla 's brother 's name ?
what term do islamists think should be applied to them ?
what were the two forms of environmental determinism ?
what is similar to literacy that a teacher would teach ?
what act sets the term for judging the boundaries of sanity to which individuals wishing to sit on the sp must adhere ?
from what project did the apollo 11 crew consist entirely of ?
who is largely considered the first united methodist theologian ?
which country was the last to receive the disease ?
how many times has polonia won the cup ?
what did lindzen criticize about the summary for policymakers ?
how many touchdowns did newton have in 2015 ?
what is a simple form of civil disobedience ?
which army attacked and destroyed this colony ?
how long is the rhine ?
where were luther 's hymns included ?
what theory best explains gravity ?
what does the transport and storage demand for safety in dealing with oxygen ?
what well-known archeologist believed the amazon did n't have many inhabitants ?
who does history view as accountable for the error philip i made and luther 's advice in the matter ?
what is the name of the scheme that provides tuition and fee assistance to students due to excess enrollment ?
what do supportive teachers spend more time doing ?
how similar was the lisbon treaty to the constitutional treaty ?
when did british government give land for development of ohio country ?
where was tesla 's property sent ?
what is the hypersensitive response of a plant immune system ?
how many societal class divisions were in the plan kublai rejected ?
who served his dinner ?
a subway tunnel from the museum leads to which tube station ?
what documentary was shown about doctor who ?
what type of correlation was used previously to help date rock formations ?
what does warszawa mean in polish ?
the umc established and is affiliated with approximately how many colleges and universities in the u.s. ?
when are inequalities in wealth justified , according to john rawls ?
by whom did st paul say all authorities were appointed ?
besides public key cryptography , what is another application for prime numbers ?
among whom was genghis khan 's empire split after his death ?
when did the four rightly guided caliphs die ?
what london neighborhood attracted huguenot refugees ?
what disease did tesla catch ?
which gender is more populous across all groups in jacksonville ?
what three things are needed for construction to take place ?
what actor did sign language for the national anthem at superbowl 50 ?
when did the nfl start their 16 game seasons ?
what is an important personal decision for civil disobedients ?
what areas did genghis khan control at the end of his life ?
what contains a nearly verbatim of parliamentary debates ?
what does ozone 's characteristic to cause damage effect ?
what is justifying grace also known as today ?
what does the currently flooded terrace still have visible ?
why has the rhine been shortened ?
what happens when business underpays their workers ?
who backed policies that have solutions that sound good but have poor prospects ?
who helped develop the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction ?
before super bowl 50 , what was the coach 's name that coached both teams for their last super bowl appearances ?
when did abc first get in to television broadcasts ?
what is psalm 67 about ?
what act set out the parliament 's powers as a devolved legislature ?
who was one french pro-reform roman catholic of the 15th century ?
in which year did the jameel gallery of islamic art opened ?
what is warsaw known as in polish ?
what does it mean when a harmonic series diverges ?
how many yards was the pass on the first drive ?
what country is this statistic for ?
what ground based group did tesla think the weapon could be used on ?
why are some forces due to that are impossible to model ?
european imperialism was focused on what ?
when did luther write to melanchhon about god 's grace ?
why did oil start getting priced in terms of gold ?
what is the primary mission of the daleks ?
how many career sacks did jared allen have ?
electrolysis of what can be used to produce oxygen and hydrogen ?
what doctor who episode won a hugo award in 2010 ?
what series featured doctors from the revised version of doctor who ?
what type of civil disobedience is commonly accepted ?
peroxides , nitrates and dichromates are examples of what type of compounds ?
how much windblown dust leaves the sahara each year ?
what kind of water body is rumored to be obscuring genghis khan 's burial site ?
who was first on the team in total tackles ?
tumor antigens are complexed with mhc class i molecules in the same way as what antigens ?
what shakespeare scholar is a faculty member at harvard ?
on what street was the theatre royal 's replacement built ?
what did tesla see during his strange illnesses when he was young ?
what is the highest court in european union law ?
the hardest problems in np can be analogously written as what class of problems ?
who often operates internet pharmacies ?
what are the most powerful class of anti-inflammatory drugs ?
what universal trailer debuted during the super bowl ?
what was the brazilian french colony called ?
where does the cold water mix with lake constance ?
where will the 2009 international arts fair be held ?
what doctor who spin-off only made it as far as a pilot episode ?
what does a t cell extend when it encounters a foreign pathogen ?
since what year has the umc been exploring a possible merger with three historically african-american denominations ?
when would the occupation of allies leave rhineland ?
what kind of media can references to tesla be found in
what is the cjeu 's duty ?
when did this leader publish a french language bible ?
luther treated jews in a like way as he treated what group ?
what are numbers greater than 1 that can be divided by 3 or more numbers called ?
who might be charged with accrediting teacher education programs ?
where is the apache point observatory located ?
in what year was the alan turing 's definitional model of a computing device received ?
beginning in what year was harvard on top of the world reputation rankings ?
what is the force equivalent of torque compared to angular momentum ?
how did celeron feel about native relations ?
by what year had temüjin created a significant " mongol " tribal alliance ?
colonialism often means a country doing what ?
along with the cisce and nenbse , what is a notable examination board in multiple indian states ?
fans blame the poor viewership of the late 80 's to competition from what show ?
what is a commonly used measurement used to determine the complexity of a computational problem ?
what other former halftime show performer joined coldplay and beyoncé for the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
who produced the first geological map of the u.s. ?
at what degree are the pistons of a two-cylinder compound connected to the cranks ?
why is the public library known as a people 's university ?
in what year did tesla receive a nobel prize bid ?
where was parliament temporarily relocated to in may of 2000 ?
starting in what year has harvard topped the academic rankings of world universities ?
against whom did the camisards rise up to fight ?
what were the saxon palace and brühl palace in prewar warsaw ?
what was temüjin ' sister 's name ?
whose works helped tesla recover from illness ?
what unforeseen problem caused tesla to hit his experiment with a sledgehammer ?
what are some advantages of hospital pharmacies ?
how much time remained on the clock when the broncos made the interception that clinched the afc championship game ?
what percent of girls are in prostution in kenyas coastal areas ?
how was it determined how many from each camp would be appointed ?
where were the narrow gauge rail lines built in victoria ?
how often do parliament elections take place ?
who fumbled the ball on 3rd-and-9 ?
what festival takes place in april in newcastle ?
what influences chloroplasts ' behavior ?
the term annual conference is often used to refer to what ?
what museum preserves the memory of the crime ?
what can and old , ill man not do ?
what german general and fighter pilot was of huguenot ancestry ?
which irish cities had large huguenot enclaves ?
what is the goal of islamist groups like hezbollah and hamas ?
what is another name for a coal supply bin ?
name a common autoimmune disease .
in what super bowl did rivera play ?
who funded the new jewelry gallery that opened in 2008 ?
what type of turing machine can be characterized by checking multiple possibilities at the same time ?
where was genghis khan likely born ?
what are the top 4-5 % graduating students honored with ?
what do plastoglobuli exchange contents with ?
how many times can a time lord regenerate ?
what happened to the east india trading company in 1767 ?
how do socialists think the means of production should be owned ?
what genre of music is lindisfarne classified as ?
what was temur khan 's chinese-style name ?
how many primes were included in derrick norman lehmer 's list of prime numbers ?
who recorded the theme played for season 18 ?
what planet was named for a fly-by mission by an empty s-ivb ?
what is st. john 's cathedral an example of , stylistically ?
in 1979 , during the oil crisis , what was the highest price of oil ?
the modern trend in design is toward integration of what ?
in a 4-cylinder compound engine , what degree were the individual pistons balanced at ?
where is the oldest pharmacy stated to be located ?
who is the author of the book , " knowledge and decisions " ?
who played the first incarnation of the doctor in the special ?
what lake in a german island mainau receives a fraction of the rhine 's flow ?
what kind of membrane do primary chloroplasts have ?
what characteristic did tesla say helped his scientific abilities ?
in what year did student decide to occupy the president 's office ?
what famous english physicist and mathematician was depicted in the main bronze door entrance of the museum ?
what is considered the epitome of the rhine romanticism ?
what is included with each packet label
how much capital did uk law require to start a company ?
when was the single european act made ?
what gave priestley the claim to being the first discovered of oxygen ?
how many seats did the snp take from the liberal democrats ?
what does the museum of the polish army portray the history of ?
what was the episode name of simpson 's first doctor who score ?
why might the temperature affect the theory of plague spreading ?
which tribe did temüjin move in with at nine years of age ?
what do larger fortunes generate ?
what is the largest stadium in australia ?
in what country is normandy located ?
where did the panthers practice for the super bowl ?
what are plastoglobuli made of ?
what country has a problem with classroom discipline , even though scores on tests are high ?
what team did the denver broncos play in super bowl xxxiii ?
what was the team the carolina panthers played immediately prior to the nfc championship game ?
which sculpture by rodin was not donated by the artist ?
what did luther decide about the catholic church ?
what was the image of luther a contrast to the life of ?
what year was temüjin , who became genghis khan , likely born ?
as a person gets older , what does the skin produce less of ?
what is the most elemental way to test the primality of any integer n ?
what does the u.s. economic and social model have substantial levels of ?
these books became a foundational text for what library ?
what is the oldest surviving european tapestry in the v & a collection ?
how many total acres is woodward park ?
where in south carolina did huguenot nobility settle ?
when was a third visit to mnafeld scheduled ?
when was the fcc 's sixth report and order released ?
what did the hymn , aus tiefer not express ?
who first played the master in the 2007 series ?
what is the most recent example of financial fault lines ?
what was tesla 's financial situation after being forced out ?
a non-deterministic turing machine has the ability to capture what facet of useful analysis ?
what book is revised after every general conference ?
what do the reactive forms of oxygen produce in organisms ?
who is parodied on programs such as saturday night live and the simpsons ?
in private schools , what language are classes taught in ?
who is the final judge of right and wrong ?
who has the power to initiate legislation within the european union ?
who handled play-by-play for the denver radio market ?
where is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum usually found ?
how is winter weather in jacksonville described as ?
what is the applicant admission rate for class of 2019 ?
what characteristic best describes the agricultural regions that could be found ?
what other terminology is considered much more destructive ?
for how many years was evidence shown that humans shaped the the amazon ?
what is the lower house of the victorian parliament called ?
who led new france reinforcements in 1756 ?
what month , day and year did super bowl 50 take place ?
what year did tesla die ?
what does zhèng mean ?
which pair of genghis khan 's sons were most rivalrous ?
what did lavoisier perceive the air had lost as much as the tin had gained
what are mps unable to vote upon ?
how early did luther say he had to awaken every day ?
from what distance could the artificial thunder be heard .
what are the two major subsystems of the immune system ?
what type of ratios are used in geochronologic and thermochronologic studies ?
the maroons are apart of what association ?
how many children did luther and his wife have ?
how many stages did the saturn v end up having ?
what paper is commonly considered the bellwether ushering in systematic studies computational complexity ?
what does motion at a constant velocity equal ?
when did the earliest examples of civil disobedience as a whole occur ?
who continued to hold the citadel of bukhara after the mongols took the rest of the city ?
which three doctors were in the sirens of time ?
what is the type of oxygen production for emergency oxygen in airlines ?
how much potential economic growth could the united states amass if everyone went through more schooling ?
what stone was used for the staircase designed by j.w . wild ?
in 1992 , what percentage of east german students attended private schools ?
what was an additional projected effect of the attempted reform ?
what did european chemists make that could be used in warfare ?
what do cydippids use to capture their prey ?
what reality series was the first spinoff of the bachelor for abc ?
on what river does warsaw stand ?
what area is newcastle 's milder winters and cooler summers most similar to ?
what month is the warmest in fresno ?
what was maria curie the first female recipient of ?
where did the broncos practice at for super bowl 50 ?
invertebrates do not generate what type of cells that are a part of the vertebrate adaptive immune system ?
on january 7 , 2016 , it was confirmed that which start would join coldplay for the halftime show ?
how long does it take for new areas to have significant oil production ?
who directed luther away from self-reflection and towards the merits of christ ?
who could be the subjects of a teacher 's college investigation ?
what is the name of the pulitzer prize novelist who was also a university alumni ?
is corporal punishment increasing or declining in the south ?
what types of schools are most ergänzungsschulen ?
what did philo incorrectly assume that the air became ?
the long tentacles on the pleurbrachia are protected by what ?
where did tesla look for investors prior to wwi ?
over how many studies have shown that violence is more common in societies with income differences ?
what elements from the rift system in the alpine orogeny in southwest germany ?
what protects the statocyst ?
the principle of faunal succession was developed 100 years before whose theory of evolution ?
where is the george w. bush presidential library ?
where is brazil ranked globally in soybean production ?
why did opec block oil deliveries to the united states ?
an algorithm for x which reduces to c would us to do what ?
abc continued nbc blue 's tradition of what ?
who presided over the assembly ?
what type of architecture is represented in the majestic churches ?
what is the approximate condenser temperature in a turbine ?
what entity sparked the growth of fresno station ?
who was the abc entertainment president in 1957 ?
the name of the nfl championship game is ?
what three stadiums did the nfl decide between for the game ?
who provided a philosophical discussion of force ?
in what episode does the eleventh doctor first acknowledge his number ?
in what year was fort coligny destroyed ?
what did he make the employee do when he did n't like her outfit ?
what was the color of the jerseys in super bowl xxxii when elway was quarterback ?
what is the oncorhynchus also called ?
when did tesla stop serving as the vice president of american institute of electrical engineers ?
how many geomorphologic formations is warsaw on ?
what was used to accelerate the tungsten pellets ?
what was tesla 's position with westinghouse ?
how much time was left in the quarter when stewart got the touchdown ?
how many variants is the new abc logo currently displayed in ?
what happened to the as-205 mission originally ?
what institute did the university announced to everyone in 2008 ?
what else did tesla do for work at this time ?
the analysis of stratigraphic sections such as drill cores is done by who ?
when was a zoological garden established in the praga park ?
what did tesla claim to perfect while at the exchange ?
what damaged the color tv camera that apollo 12 had taken into space ?
what actually causes rigidity in matter ?
who was the first president of the university of chicago ?
where were the kikuyu people located ?
to luther , what were all baptized christians considered to be ?
cilia can g ow up too what length ?
what was the name of the imperialistic policy in china ?
what did the loss mean to france ?
site conditions , local regulations , economies of scale and the availability of skilled tradespeople all affect what ?
who relaunched doctor who in 2005 ?
what is the norman architecture idiom ?
when iqbal promoted ideas of greater islamic political unity , what did he encourage ending ?
which mongolian word meaning wide-spreading may have contributed to the appellation genghis ?
which famous french artist who painted the grande odalisque of 1814 is represented in the drawings collection of the v & a ?
what did the museum acquire from the royal college of science ?
what does the title gür khan mean ?
the rhine is the longest river in what country ?
what are colonial powers blamed for ?
what team was the divisional round winner between the broncos and steelers ?
where was the 1857 riot ?
what spot does doctor who hold in the 100 greatest british tv programs of the 20th century ?
who did the dutch fight in the dutch revolt ?
who came up with germ theory ?
this causes the rock unit as a whole to become longer and thinner .
what year did doctor who finally return to television ?
what did the moscone center host ?
when were the daleks reintroduced in the revival series ?
when did khan formally declare the yuan dynasty ?
when was the construction that changed the rhine 's delta ?
on what date was series two first shown by the cbc ?
what type of t cells help with both innnate and adaptive immunity ?
which diseases do many scientists believe contributed to plague pandemic ?
name a type of toyota compact trucks ?
from what bible book did the crew of apollo 8 read from during this stream of images ?
which historic empire used cultural imperialism to sway local elites ?
what was the name of the doctor who special created for comic relief ?
what is the seating arrangement of the debating chamber ?
the rhine redistributes into the ijssel and what other body ?
what was the population of kenya in 2014 ?
what has been characterized as arminian theology with an emphasis on the work of the holy spirit ?
in 1932 what was the rhine measurement changed to ?
what was houghton 's role ?
what other northern european cities had huguenot congregations ?
the french thought bringing what would uplift other regions ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the college ?
what is a chlorenchyma cell ?
what was the number of 17 interceptions that peyton manning had by end of the year ?
what is the royal castle the most interesting example of ?
who was responsible for the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine in the main gallery ?
where did the first huguenot colonists settle ?
according to the humoral theory of immunity , what were the bodies immune agents ?
what group was responsible for causing more violence in wittenberg ?
whose likeness is on the larger denominations of mongolian currency ?
how much is china 's investment in kenya ?
who killed harold ii ?
what would create a conflict between a problem x and problem c within the context of reduction ?
what happened during the plugs-out test during the delay for the spacesuit odor ?
on what date did espn deportes announce their deal with cbs and the nfl ?
what did sasse proclaim luther to be ?
how much did it cost to build the stadium where super bowl 50 was played ?
where was shirley planning an expedition ?
the riba 's drawing collection of what italian architect is considered the largest in the world ?
by what other name was the gate known ?
who gained control of florida after the conclusion of the revolutionary war ?
what us war has a large amount of civil disobedients ?
how many yards was the field goal that made the score 13-7 in super bowl 50 ?
what was the title given to the major project to redesign all the galleries in the museum ?
who did the panthers play to advance to the super bowl ?
what part the composition of the earth 's atmosphere is comprised of oxygen ?
what do a and b represent in a gaussian integer expression ?
how many sons did börte bear genghis khan after jochi ?
what complexity class is characterized by a computational tasks and efficient algorithms ?
what does the ruhr provide to it 's community ?
where did tesla return to in 1873 ?
what type of measurements result under schrodinger equations when using operators instead of newtonian variables ?
why has the muslim brotherhood facilitated inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies ?
when did the jin dynasty end ?
what is the house of tides ?
what were the yuan armies too weak to stop ?
how many sororities are apart of the university ?
what planet did the reporters decide the signals were from ?
who handled the play-by-play for the denver radio stations ?
what venue in miami was a candidate for the site of super bowl 50 ?
when die tesla turn his attention to trying to understand invisible radiant energy ?
what do some people protest against ?
which entity developed the principles of european union law ?
approximately how many works of art are included in the far eastern collections ?
what library contains the selmur productions catalogue ?
what role did luther play in other areas ' churches ?
what are two examples of nonself entities in accordance with frank burnet 's theory ?
what town was actually granted to the huguenots on arrival ?
what was the style of luther 's salute at the end of his speech ?
what was the first steam powered device used commercially ?
how many yards did the panthers get for the division championshipt game ?
mps representing english constituencies can only veto laws affecting which country ?
when is luther commemorated in the lutheran calendar of saints ?
what countries is corporal punishment still a normal practice ?
what did the crew of apollo 12 do with parts of the surveyor they landed near after photographing them ?
missing self desribes cells that only have small amounts of what cell-surface marker ?
why are n't some forms of hæmatococcus pluvialis green ?
name an extra that was added to the production of the compacts .
what extinction event might have created some conditions allowing the expansion of the amazon rainforest ?
when did the normans attack dyrrachium ?
who was kaidu 's grandfather ?
large predators of the amazon rainforest include the jaguar , cougar , and anaconda , what is one other example ?
into what language did marlee matlin translate the national anthem ?
who is in control of legislative power ?
what are some supplementary sources of european union law ?
for which show did billie piper tape an introduction ?
who led the committee established by seaman ?
what was the final score of the afc championship game ?
how many first downs did the panthers have in super bowl 50 ?
after an eventful and tiring year for the world during 1968 , what type of ending to the year did the images from space provide ?
what paleontologists are currently on the university 's faculty ?
how was the ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov ?
when was richard grainger actively building and developing ?
how many species of ctenophores have been validated ?
how many square kilometres of the amazon forest was lost by 1991 ?
what did warner sinback decide
what network uses a red version of the new abc logo ?
who wrote the nong shu ?
how did the rocks on the moon compare to those on earth ?
what is the name of a time lord that doctor who has fought ?
what was the name of the norman castle ?
how much did the gross agricultural product increase from 2003-04 ?
generally speaking , what size are the earthquakes that hit southern california ?
what can an enthusiastic teacher be to a young student ?
how many teachers were found to have felt occupational stress in a 2000 study ?
who was alfred s brown ?
what is the second largest contrubtor to kenyas gdp ?
besides viniculture , what 's a dominant economic sector of the middle rhine ?
what is heralded by the sounding of the division bell ?
what year did slayton select the first apollo crew ?
how much carbon gets wasted by using o2 instead of co2 ?
if there is a conflict between eu law and national law , which law take precedence ?
what percentage of british children are educated at gsce level in fee-paying schools ?
whose authority did luther 's theology oppose ?
in what city did the last super bowl in california occur ?
what is another word for diatom ?
what does umc stand for ?
what class of t cells recognizes intact antigens that are not associated with mhc receptors ?
what major newcastle road stretches from edinburgh to london ?
because of the danger inherent in concentrated oxygen , what is a concern about keeping it ?
who was the executive producer of the 2005 doctor who revival series ?
what did the particle do to tesla ?
what is the german term for segregating students based on their parents ' wealth ?
what was done to counteract the overpopulation of mnemiopsis in the black sea ?
what is the status of most chloroplast genes in the mitochondrion ?
when did the launches of boilerplate csms occur in orbit ?
what was the focus of season 20 of doctor who ?
what seed was the carolina panthers ?
what was the name of du pont 's gunpowder operation ?
who first wrote about the rhine 's discovery and border ?
when did pope leo x excommunicate luther ?
what color was featured in promotions related to super bowl 50 ?
what was ghandi 's work called ?
in 2009 , disney reached an agreement to buy what percentage stake in hulu ?
uchicago claims to have what kind of learning experience compared to other universities ?
when did edward return ?
what television specials did abc acquire the rights to in 2000 ?
what is the famous rock called that the rhine flows around ?
what happened to the things inside the lab after it was torn down ?
when was earthenware movable type invented ?
how were most city officials elected in the 1960s ?
what is located on the site of the weaving house currently ?
what year did two of ghengis khan and börte 's sons die ?
haeckelia prey mostly on what animal ?
what weapon caused the wounds that killed tangut general ma jianlong ?
who is the primary rival of the harvard crimson hockey team ?
what is the name of the latest epoch ?
what was the name of the experiment that tested how life originated ?
in 2011 , who was the first player to be chosen in the nfl draft ?
which florida city has the biggest population ?
who was replaced by kubiak in super bowl xxiv ?
when did tesla move to new york city ?
which residents of bukhara were spared and sent back to mongolia ?
what are committees in the scottish parliament compared to other systems ?
what were many pastors unable to do ?
what type of creature is usually doctor who 's companion ?
along with non-governmental and nonstate schools , what is another name for private schools ?
how high do plague fevers run ?
when did singer dispute the graph at a senate hearing ?
how would the operator of observe the reflected signal ?
what additional srevice did bskyb offer besides hd channels that they claimed offered " substantially more value " ?
what are two examples of measurements are bound within algorithms to establish complexity classes ?
what type of skills does the market bid up compensation for ?
within what variable is l constrained according to the space hierarchy theorem ?
which lineage includes land plants ?
in what interval are some of the greatest primes without a distinct form discovered in ?
what year marked the lowest ratings for the drama lost ?
how many kilometers is warsaw from the carpathian mountains ?
who did the us provide aid to , to fight against the soviet union ?
what are the catechisms of martin luther written in ?
what disease did tesla contract in 1873 ?
what power is available to australian private schools but generally not present in public schools ?
which late night comedy host show played immediately after super bowl 50 ended ?
there was a 16th century huguenot settlement near what modern day florida city ?
what was the age difference between newton and manning in super bowl 50 ?
when was 7 lincoln square completed ?
how were british able to cut supplies to louisbourg ?
according to wilson 's theorem , what factorial must be divisible by p if some integer p > 1 is to be considered prime ?
early in the fourth quarter , the broncos drove to what yard line of the panthers ?
what were the civil wars caused by the huguenots called ?
what implication can be derived for p and np if p and co-np are established to be unequal ?
what insight of galileo was associated with constant velocity ?
what television trend are charlies angels and three 's company an example of ?
what are the exchanged particles predicted by the standard model ?
what were high court proceedings being held about ?
what remain unsolved problems with the kyoto protocol ?
how many examination boards exist in india ?
how many different species of ctenohore are there ?
what is the most critical resource in the analysis of computational problems associated with non-deterministic turing machines ?
what does connecting different sky q boxes enable them to do ?
what did luther state as a means of discouraging mistreatment of jews ?
in which year did the gallery of indian art open ?
how did the settlers protect their interests ?
in what year was irene elizabeth stroud convicted in a church trial ?
what leads to confusion and collapse ?
under what condition is an element irreducible ?
about what year was the atmospheric engine invented ?
what is another way of referring to stators ?
in what part of the city did residents suffer from a lack of city services ?
where was there a weakness in british supply chain ?
how is packet mode communication implemented
what increases rapidly as per capita income increases ?
what is the profession of jake rosenfield ?
in the 1965-66 season , what place did abc find it 's self among the other networks in ratings ?
the legislation allowed california to be admitted to the union as what kind of state ?
zoning requirements , environmental impact , budgeting , and logistics are things who should consider ?
which animal 's venom did pierre-louis moreau de maupertuis work with ?
who is the mayor of san francisco ?
what is tertiary endosymbiosis of haptophyte chloroplasts expected to create ?
how many folks died of plague in newcastle in the 1630s ?
who developed the lithium-ion battery ?
compared to smeaton 's improvement on newcomen 's engine , how much coal did watt 's engine use ?
what percentage of prime-time tv viewership did the three big networks represent in 1980 ?
who is the commissioner of the national football league ?
when was his article published in century magazine ?
who did the panthers beat to become the nfc champs ?
who was yersinia pestis named for ?
what specific type of ctenophore was introduced into the black sea ?
what additional srevice did bskyb offer besides video on demand that they claimed offered " substantially more value " ?
what company developed the most successful steam engine indicator ?
what did low suggest using apollo 8 for instead of simply orbiting the earth 's surface ?
how many interceptions did josh norman score touchdowns with in 2015 ?
what can amyloplasts become ?
when did he talk about his thoughts on gender ?
what manner of words does mullet think luther would choose ?
what did the industrial revolution cause to happen to newcastle ?
who analyzed tesla 's belongings ?
where did water to the east of the amazon drainage basin flow towards ?
what drew would-be jacksonville tourists to other florida destinations ?
how long is one term for an elected president of the cjeu ?
who married the wedding couple ?
who gave tesla 's eulogy ?
how many hymns of luther were included in the achtliederbuch ?
on what television station could an american viewer watch the game ?
what were blank spaces used for on nineteenth-century maps ?
in what year did tesla die ?
who is viewed as the first modern geologist ?
who lost to the panthers in the divisional round of the playoffs ?
who invented the notion of a steam engine 's duty ?
case complexity likelihoods provide variable probabilities of what general measure ?
where was the meeting held when the nfl owners voted on the location for super bowl 50 ?
who made temüjin khan of the mongols ?
what was the name of the rock found during the apollo 15 mission that kreep was discovered in ?
near where in the continent is it believed that the amazon basin split ?
" an account of further discoveries in air " was published by who in 1775 ?
when was doctor who viewing at its highest level ?
why is the seating of the debating chamber arranged as it is ?
what prohibits atoms from passing through each other ?
who caught two passes from manning after the failed carolina field goal attempt ?
in which region tribe were large settlements discovered ?
what is blamed for causing the sharp drop in fish catches in the black sea and the sea of azov ?
how many total tackles did charles johnson have in super bowl 50 ?
what entity did abc sell kxyz to in 1983 ?
who was the commissioner of the nfl in 2012 ?
which nasa faction came around first to support the lor ?
what former administrative building was used for the msp 's offices ?
who was ralph in charge of being at war with ?
what type of entrepreneurship leads to advancements in technology ?
how many member states adopted the social charter in 1989 ?
what is the major us city that the is the university located ?
how many miners died in the typhoid outbreak of 1854 ?
what was the theorized maximum population density per square kilometre for the amazon rainforest ?
what year did a super bowl play in the bay area around san francisco , prior to super bowl 50 ?
how many scientists called to change the ipcc in feb 2010 ?
who among the population of bukhara became part of the mongolian army ?
which television network aired the super bowl ?
where is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum less commonly found ?
which season of doctor who won an award for best writing in a children 's serial ?
what kind of force does not exist under newton 's third law ?
what network was launched by abc in 2004 ?
how are the total numbers of seats allocated to parties ?
which british monarch appears above the frame around the arches and entrance ?
what year was the only film version of doctor who shown ?
in what country does some clergy in the umc occasionally practice exorcism ?
how many species of bird and mammals are there in the amazon region ?
how long does it take to know the outcome of a division ?
teaching christians how they should live is what use of the law ?
how many membranes does the haptophyte chloroplast have ?
in what year did lost first debut ?
what type of government investigations apply to civil disobedience ?
why are people who distribute leaflets inside courthouses not been arrested ?
what was the name of the company the businessmen financed ?
who reportedly wanted tesla 's company ?
what project structures assist the owner in integration ?
where does the pupil remain while in detention
who was one of the most famous people born in warsaw ?
how many hymns did luther contribute to the erfurt enchiridion ?
what would the local council of newcastle like to link their local bike networks to ?
how did celeron handle business on trip ?
what type of motivators are achievement and self determination considered ?
where did water on the eastern side of the amazon basin travel after the split ?
what are malum prohibitum considerations ?
what other aspect of luther 's life was affected by his health ?
pollution of water by nitrates and phosphates will encourage the growth of what ?
what are the molecular outputs for photosynthesis ?
when did luther produce a hymnic version of the lord 's prayer ?
in what year was the great internet mersenne prime search project conducted ?
who did denver beat in the afc championship ?
what cells are the second arm of the innate immune system ?
what was started after these new programs were in place ?
when was vetting introduced ?
other than a peace-ray , what did reporters call the weapon ?
what does a receiver have to be equipped with to view encrypted content ?
how many years have imperialistic practices existed ?
what did tesla call his electrical effects in 1893 ?
when did the nfl announce that it would not use roman numbers to designate the super bowl number ?
what nasa astronaut is also a university alumni member ?
how do regimes fight against cultural imperialism ?
the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice is called what ?
what is the name of the largest university press in the u.s ?
how many were in langlades expedition ?
how many kenyans are non-religious ?
why are newly discovered oil sold at a higher price ?
what tradition were the saint-evroul monks known for ?
what are the siouan-speaking tribes ?
the silver and gold collection of the v & a is divided into which categories ?
what does many workers willing to work for a lot of time competing for a job that only requires a few workers result in ?
which genus of ctenophores does not have cydipped-like larvae ?
what is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations ?
the outside of the cm was covered in what kind of material ?
what mathematician was also apart of the university 's faculty ?
natural killer cells recognize cells that should be targeted by a condition known as what ?
which type of law concerns the eu 's governance structure ?
who registered the most receptions on the broncos ?
what is the name of the longest bridge in germany ?
if the average u.s. worker were to complete an additional year of school , what amount of growth would be generated over 5 years ?
what game did thomas davis say he would play in , despite breaking a bone earlier on ?
a replica of what landmark was present at super bowl opening night ?
what year did robert j. shiller win an economics nobel prize ?
large public works , dams , bridges , highways , water/wastewater and utility distribution are under what construction sector ?
how does the d-loop finish replicating ?
how long was warsaw occupied by germany ?
approximately how many silver and gold objects does the v & a have it its collection ?
what relative of doctor who traveled with him in the early episodes ?
who decided not to approve paying for renovations at sun life stadium that the league wanted for them to do to host super bowl 50 ?
who did internet2 partner with
what does the first minister deliver at the beginning of each parliamentary year ?
what was tesla 's fathers occupation ?
the traveling salesman problem is an example of what type of problem ?
what are the eight comb rows on the outer surface called ?
when was the new two-year affiliate agreement approved ?
where were non-condensing direct-drive locomotives notably used for fast passenger trains ?
what do chloroplasts use to fix carbon dioxide into sugar ?
what does the fermat primality test depend upon ?
what lionsgate trailer was shown during the super bowl ?
what is the term for the set of all connected graphs related to this decision problem ?
how much did tesla receive from the sale of wardenclyffe ?
what is another name for the west side of fresno ?
what was the occasion when he claimed he 'd made the death ray ?
what is the nature of the relationship between t-cells and vitamin d ?
what does the name the rhine come from ?
what is included in medication therapy management ?
when was the decision made to replace the nova rockets with the saturn v ?
when forces are acting on an extended body , what do you need to account for motion effects ?
what is the name of the bridge that joins parts of the campus of the charles river ?
what is the largest general further education college in the north east ?
how many of warsaw 's inhabitants spoke polish in 1933 ?
what article was published in 1937 ?
when was the newsmagazine 20/20 first created ?
approximately how many paintings comprise the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art ?
by what did luther believe the just person lives ?
what trend increases the organic composition of capital over the long term ?
what are weak and electromatic forces expressions of ?
where did tesla live for much of his life ?
what company was in its last year for getting super bowl commercials at a big discount ?
how long might a speaker address the members during the time of reflection ?
which smartphone customers were the only people who could stream the game on their phones ?
how often are elections held for the victorian parliament ?
what contributed to the severity of the plague ?
what organization did harvard found in 1900 ?
what is the chinese name for the yuan dynasty ?
in what english colony were huguenot settlers promised land ?
what do red algal chloroplasts have that green chloroplasts do n't ?
what platform was sentanta sports planning on launching on ?
what did mote think the yuan class system really represented ?
which famous evolutionist was influenced by the book principles of geology ?
what do conservative researchers fell should be a measure of inequality ?
what is one function that prime numbers have that 1 does not ?
what army was pushing deep into polish territory to pursue the germans in 1944 ?
in what country was a full-scale working railway steam locomotive first invented ?
who came up with the concept that falling objects fell at the same speed regardless of weight ?
how many players have been awarded the most valuable player distinction for the super bowl ?
concrete bounding of computation time frequently produces complexity classes contingent upon what ?
how do both chloroplast membranes compare to cyanobacterium 's original double membranes ?
what class is most commonly not ascribed to the graph isomorphism problem in spite of definitive determination ?
what dynasty came before the yuan ?
the immune system protects organisms against what ?
what did the bankamericard allow customers do to that they could n't do with previous financial instruments ?
what seldom used term of a unit of force equal to 1000 pound s of force ?
what caused the separation of the methodists in the american colonies ?
what does warsaw host many of ?
what did martin luther believe achieved god 's grace ?
how many square miles large was the region impacted by the 2010 drought ?
is the packet header long
when was the last time california hosted a super bowl ?
what is the intrisic angular variable called when particles act upon one another ?
where were missing patents later found ?
what pope as a native of poland ?
what are some examples of territories where a member state is responsible for external relations ?
what type of cascade results when complement proteins bind to microbes and activate their protease activity ?
approximately how many drawings of the italian architect andrea palladio is in the riba collection ?
how high was the stone wall built around newcastle in the 13th century ?
what german ruler invited huguenot immigration ?
what was the american timothy dexter widely regarded as ?
when is sports programming provided by abc on saturday afternoons ?
how many species of ctenophores have not been fully described or named ?
gamma delta t cells rearrange tcr genes to produce what ?
which actor was a replacement for doctor who due to the illness of the main actor ?
the sculpture of amida nyorai that is included in the v & a 's japanese art collection is dated to which century ?
what are the three parchment-bound manuscripts of the codex forster called ?
what folks are likely to use words like " howay " and " hadaway " ?
why is the second timeline needed ?
what is the name of the state that the megaregion expands to in the east ?
what must be passed using democratic means by the entire school community ?
in what year did jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont patent a water pump for draining mines ?
______ in both liquid and gas form can fastly result in an exlposion .
who was appointed as second in command to lor loudoun in 1756 ?
what part of the innate immune system identifies microbes and triggers immune response ?
when was the victoria and albert museum founded ?
what was the percentage of black or african-americans living in the city ?
when was gold found near ballarat ?
what type of protest falls under civil disobedience without aggression ?
who concluded that the rising income inequality gap was not getting better ?
at what super bowl did beyoncé headline the halftime show ?
what was luther 's force within the reformation ?
in 1846 who 's natural history lectures were acclaimed in new york and harvard ?
by august 2010 how many public schools did victoria have ?
what is the largest co-ed independent school in newcastle ?
where did tesla work in 1888 ?
where is the tyneside bar located ?
in which case did the court of justice review swedish bans on advertising to young children under 12 ?
where did this pro-reform leader teach ?
why did british operation fail in 1755 , 56 , 57 ?
what anniversary of the pokémon franchise was celebrated during the super bowl ?
what year was setanta sports awarded primeier leage rights to broadcast ?
what types of diseases are specialty drugs often used against ?
what inventor built on to the findings of philo of byzantium ?
what are some of the causes of child labor ?
what was phillips official title for nasa ?
what are the most active parts of ctenophora ?
when was the university of chicago established ?
what did nsfnet promote
what can block a legislation ?
the abolition of the ottoman caliphate is believed to have ended what system ?
in what cases can the eu not override german law ?
despite being traditionall described as " eight counties " , how many counties does this region actually have ?
what position did tesla hold in the american institute of electrical engineers ?
los angeles is in the lower part of what ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , what was the total umc membership ?
who was the president of upt in 1951 ?
how are forces classified with regard to push and pull strengt ?
which panthers rb scored 6 tds in the 13 games leading up to super bowl 50 ?
what were the annual carriage fees for the channels ?
what early huguenot church was established in england ?
what are some of scientists arguments ?
what makes energy changes in a closed system ?
when did watt finish the development of his improvements to newcomen 's engine ?
what did distributed adaptive message block switching do
which sculpture by michelangelo has a full-size replica in the cast courts ?
when did the merger between abc and capital cities gain federal approval ?
what is another word for long , planar igneous intrusions ?
how much money did dillon , read & co offer mark woods for nbc blue ?
what rates of health and social problems are in countries with high inequality ?
what was frensh military presence at start of war ?
what was robert watson 's role in the ipcc ?
what is the only episode released on vcd ?
how many times have the panthers been in the super bowl ?
what does critically tapered mean ?
who operated the vbsn network
to what level would the polynomial time hierarchy collapse if graph isomorphism is np-complete ?
how many people were estimated to go to the different game-themed events during the week prior to super bowl 50 in the city it was held in ?
has the tourism sector had growth or reduction ?
what was the english title of polo 's book ?
what are the two abc affiliates for grand rapids michigan ?
what year was the maastricht treaty signed ?
when was kublai 's administration running out of money ?
when did isil pledge allegiance to al-qaeda ?
what did the new mass allow as regards ceremony ?
what was the last super bowl the broncos participated in ?
in what year did tesla graduate from the higher real gymnasium ?
what new name was given to the media day ?
scottish or irish describe the type of what people in newcastle have ?
what political response was convening in june/july 1754 ?
how many contributing authors does an ipcc report chapter have ?
who did the panthers play in their division championship game ?
what was the name of the legislation passed in 1850 ?
what american actor is also a university graduate ?
what type of numbers demonstrate a flaw with the fermat primality test ?
which company has been able to air multiple ads at a steep discount ?
how many doctor who episodes have been shown , in total ?
what is the expression used to denote a worst case complexity as expressed by time taken ?
how long is the upper rhine plain ?
who long was the broadcast delay claimed to be the first time the series premiered ?
how many passengers can the ford fiesta accommodate ?
how old was newton during super bowl 50 ?
what author argues pitching the conscience versus the collective ?
what conviction did many poles have regarding how the varsovians thought of themselves ?
which theory suggested people in the tropics were uncivilized ?
what does not constitute as civil disobedience ?
who ended the series in 1989 ?
what is another term for excessive compression ?
what shape are granal thylakoids ?
what is the only divisor besides 1 that a prime number can have ?
what caused the dynamos to be burnt out ?
where did maududi 's books place islam ?
what pathway that plays a role in immune response to viruses is present in all eukaryotes ?
when did the black death technically subside ?
how big can ctenophora grow ?
in what year was an early admission program reintroduced ?
when did seven protestant churches agree with the nazi policy of forcing jews to wear yellow arm bands ?
families with french names in south africa speak what language today ?
what are the two official languages ?
which country 's invasion show the insecurity of the middle east ?
what has allowed for the savanna region to expand into the tropics ?
who patented a steam engine in 1781 ?
what is the axis of warsaw which divides it into two parts ?
other than the desert city why do many locals and tourists frequent southern california ?
what is the smallest number of bolivians it 's estimated live in newcastle ?
what did tesla design several experimental setups to produce ?
what did the zuider zee brackish lagoon change into ?
what team was the afc champion ?
what was the only year that a full series was not filmed since 2005 ?
what was the building vacated twice to allow for ?
how many former mvp honorees were present for a pregame ceremony ?
which team had the best regular season in their history ?
what doctor who actor won a best actor award in 2012 ?
as what did robert michael view luther 's violent language towards the jews ?
though trained as a lawyer , what profession did maududi pursue instead ?
any even number larger than what can not be considered prime ?
semen contains what in order to kill pathogens ?
what effect did breathing priestley 's discovered gas have on the experiment 's mouse ?
what public entity of learning is often target of civil disobedience ?
along with location , endowment and the willingness of parents to pay , what factor influences private school tuition ?
what motivation is opportunity-based entrepreneurship driven by ?
when american car companies rolled out with their domestic replacement cars , which policy ended ?
how many siblings did tesla have ?
what is different about paulinella chromatophora ?
what british tv network will carry the super bowl ?
what is the most successful team sport in kenya ?
what city was the media event held for super bowl 50 ?
what did agricola apparently believe about who should be in control law ?
in what year was hms dreadnought launched ?
as of january 2016 how many digits does the largest known prime consist of ?
what is the basic pay for a teacher , in euros ?
what was the name of the locomotive that debuted in 1808 ?
what lineage is karlodinium in ?
what first opened in 1837 ?
what is the redundant concept coming from momentum conservation ?
what right do private schools have that public schools do n't ?
anarchists do not want to accept punishment for what reason ?
what type/genre of tv show is doctor who ?
which study showed double the rate of anxiety ?
what was the end of the war of the austrian succession ?
what do we call the empire that genghis khan founded ?
john mayow died in what year ?
where did the abc new york flagship stations move their facilities to in 1953 ?
what was the occasion for the boat demonstration ?
during summers , for what tournaments does abc air highlight programs ?
when did abc begin broadcasting the miss america pageant ?
what group of people can not be part of civil disobedience ?
how else can petrologists understand the pressures at which different mineral phases appear ?
what is the process by which the adaptive immune system is evaded by the chainging of non-essential epitopes called ?
how many first downs did denver have for super bowl 50 ?
what is used to quantify the intuitive undestanding of forces ?
what 's the name of the green space north of the center of newcastle ?
which boulevard can you find many majestic homes in the area ?
how much money was francovich allowed to claim from the italian goverment in damages ?
what institution does robert barro hail from ?
what was named " the tesla " in his honor ?
when did abc films begin selling programs to other networks ?
which coastline does southern california touch ?
which of genghis khan 's sons was disqualified from being successor because of his unstable behavior ?
how many times a year does the council meet ?
what is the main gap to continued urbanization ?
how much of jacksonville is made up of water ?
how much was nasa 's procured spending on the apollo project estimated to be at in 2005 after inflation ?
how many miles from the north sea is newcastle ?
what causes rock extension ?
what impacts distribution of wealth when evaluating labor ?
who did genghis khan assign as his successor ?
what type of steam engine does n't need valves to direct steam ?
who were the two abbots at fécamp abbey ?
who did tesla refuse to see following the accident ?
what chemical did priestley use in his experiments on oxygen ?
what was the bbc hoping that an independent production firm would do for doctor who ?
how many miles south of edinburgh is newcastle ?
what shape is the water feature in the john madejski garden ?
after asking if the books were his , what else did eck ask luther ?
how did celeron handle meeting with old briton ?
what type of mentorship does the lds church focus on ?
what did bskyb name their interactive service ?
whose wall has fragments visible in places around newcastle even today ?
the adaptive immune system recognizes non-self antigens during a process called what ?
what is the most important role of chloroplasts ?
what kind of organism is cyanophora ?
when did tesla first show off the turbine ?
what else did the new consitution change ?
which linebacker had the most sacks on the team ?
what are the 3 post popular libraries for undergraduates in the harvard system ?
how many valves did the corliss engine use ?
according to game stats , which super bowl 50 quarterback had his worst year since his first season as a player in the nfl ?
where do dikes form ?
which tribes did genghis khan unite ?
what gained ground when arab nationalism suffered ?
what is sometimes used interchangeably with 'plastids ' ?
when was the jacksonville town charter approved ?
what is the center library in the harvard library system ?
after archbishop albrecht reviewed the theses , where did he send them ?
what is the term for the lack of obsevable free quarks ?
many changes in the vegetation of the amazon rainforest took place since the last glacial maximum , which was how many years ago ?
messiaen says that composition with prime numbers was inspired by what ?
what kind of interethnic marriage became common in the jin dynasty ?
scientists disagree with how the amazon rainforest changed over time with some arguing that it was reduced to isolated refugia seperated by what ?
who was the original pilot for the first apollo mission ?
how are the rates of social goods in countries with higher inequality ?
why are n't the examples of bouregois architecture visible today ?
when was luther 's 95 theses translated into german ?
what is sky+ hd material broadcast using ?
how many times was the panthers ' quarterback sacked ?
in what episode did dudley simpson play a music conductor ?
what movie company paid to have the next jason bourne movie ad shown during the super bowl ?
why was there a depreciation of the industrialized nations dollars ?
who explained that inertial reference frames equaled reference frames subject to constant acceleration ?
what is the last name of the player who bumped the ball away from manning in the fourth quarter of super bowl 50 ?
what kind of deprivation results in diminished immune response and lower antibody production ?
what type of theatre is the warsaw fotoplastikon ?
what did the kenyan business people hope for when meeting with the chinese ?
what was the norman religion ?
what movements pursued a more radical direction ?
what was norman cantor 's theory about the plague ?
when was al-banna assassinated ?
what kind of committee considered legislation on the development of the edinburgh tram network ?
what was thought to decide a person 's behavior ?
what is the most common xanthophyll ?
when did herve serve as a byzantine general ?
how many major bus stations are in the city of newcastle ?
what entity in canada handles substitution regulations for television shows ?
what was the technical name of the first unmanned saturn v flight , apollo 4 ?
what is used to estimate emissions ?
what 's thomas piketty 's job ?
after the operators are warned by the escape of the steam , what may they then do ?
who played quarterback for the broncos after peyton manning was benched ?
how many panthers players were selected to the pro bowl ?
imperialism is responsible for the rapid spread of what ?
when did representatives start working on the finer details of the deal ?
what type of religious behavior was tesla against ?
what network did abc beat out for third place in television ratings in 2010-11 ?
other than the steamboat , what modern form of travel brought visitors to florida ?
what shows were released on laserdisc ?
what do supporters of islamism believe their views reflect ?
what department did kublai create to train doctors ?
who ordained the first methodist clergy ?
what was the name of the first episode of the new doctor who series ?
what genre of film was the 1988 film stormy monday ?
who presented the mac to the scottish parliament when it was initially opened ?
what percentage of german students attended private schools in 2008 ?
what practice do some internet pharmacies engage in ?
what does the united methodist church use in the sacrament of the holy communion ?
how many customers does sky uk limited have as a pay-tv broadcaster as of 2015 ?
who thought that applied force caused movement of an object regardless of non-zero velocity ?
the amazon rainforest became a mostly inland forest around which global event ?
how far does one pharmacy in croatia date back to ?
what was william johnson 's iroquois name ?
newcastle served as a northern fortress for which country during the middle ages ?
which famous indian took a plea and put himself at the mercy of the courts ?
who spoke to luther about his books on behalf of the empire ?
what tribes supported british ?
how many picks did cam newton throw ?
along with the american institute of electrical engineers what other institute eventually became the ieee ?
what type of plea is sometimes taken as an act of disobedience ?
in the 2009 commission v italy , case , the court of justice held that an italian low prohibiting what infringed article 34 ?
what followed the late local programming after super bowl 50 ?
what is the confusion of the french and indian war ?
what types of medications do specialty pharmacies stock ?
what is one way in which graphs can be encoded ?
nonverbal expressions resulted in what kind of levels of motivation to learn ?
what was extent of celeron 's expedition ?
what happened with the rate of flow in the rhine with the straightening program ?
what was a popular type of variety show during the yuan ?
where are the harvard medical , dental and school of public health located ?
in what way do idea strings transmit tesion forces ?
what do extremely unequal societies tend to be ?
what country does the moselle take the rhine to ?
how did the drive end for the panthers ?
how much higher was the rate of deforestation in 2000 , to 2005 compared to 1995 to 2000 ?
besides drugs , what else do specialty pharmacies provide ?
what helps to unleash the productivity ability of the poor ?
when was the european convention on human rights established ?
what were isaac 's chains made out of ?
how many receptors on a helper t cell must be bound to a mhc : antigen complex in order for the cell to be activated ?
what were the papal legate 's orders from the pope ?
in what areas does most of the learning take place ?
when was the lisbon treaty established ?
how much of the indulgences went to rome ?
when the election produced an snp majority government , what was it the first occurrence of ?
in 1984 thomas murphy contacted leonard goldenson about merging abc with what company ?
what health company was a super bowl sponsor ?
included in the v & a collection is dormer window dated 1523-35 from which european chateau ?
when violence is used , what is civil disobedience sometimes called ?
how can the deposition of compliment kill invader cells directly ?
when did martin luther die ?
what has the increase of prices caused ?
the art deco period of textiles works is represented by which american artist ?
what was the term kennedy used to show that america was falling behind the soviet union due to inactivity in space programs ?
the analysis of a specific algorithm is typically assigned to what field of computational science ?
how many of the scottish electorate would need to for it on the referendum ?
which series were featured on the first doctor who soundtrack ?
what caused jacksonville 's tourism to become less desirable at the latter half of the 19th century ?
when was temüjin 's half-brother begter killed ?
who was the second female nobel laureate ?
which game console could viewers stream the game on ?
how would the geographical societies in europe support certain travelers ?
different committees have what set out in different ways ?
where is another indoor location for a teacher other than a school ?
what did the lunar module provide to help get the apollo 13 home safely ?
what clothing company was a super bowl sponsor ?
for whom was the small catechism meant ?
what delimits the delta of the rhine in the east ?
what concept is frequently used to define complexity classes ?
the black plague ravaged europe for three years followed by what country ?
what was warsaw ranked the 7th greatest of ?
what type of vote must the council pass in order to approve of any changes recommended by parliament ?
what are the weakly filled higher orbitals of oxygen ?
how are the particle forces and accelerations explained as by gauge bosons exchange ?
what did foreign clones of datapac allow for
how many victorians are catholic ?
what did disney rename capital city/abc after first acquiring the company ?
where was the feb 2010 call for change published ?
who criticised the security bill ?
what has become the secret to economic growth ?
what has started to change the way teachers teach in the classroom , generally ?
where was wardenclyffe located ?
what proportion of the general population in the area than became iran did genghis khan kill ?
why did the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences ?
who were the announcers of super bowl 50 ?
who treats the majority of the population medically ?
why did confucians like the medical field ?
in which cardinal direction from los angeles is san diego ?
how many membranes do apicoplasts have ?
how many scalar equations were formed into a set by james maxwell ?
how would the capabilities approach achieve it 's goal ?
what is one example of a unique factorization domain ?
what was the name of the doctor who play from the 1980 's ?
besides 1,3 and 7 , what other number must all primes greater than 5 end with ?
the door on the block ii design was eventually replaced with what kind of model ?
how many divisions was abc radio restructured into in 2005 ?
how did vaudreuil react when johnson was seen as larger threat ?
what percentage does the amazon represents in rainforests on the planet ?
in 1893 , who won the bid to light the world 's columbian exposition ?
which religion did kublai prefer ?
what type of atmosphere helped fuel the fire throughout the cabin ?
what did the second stage in the saturn v end up doing ?
how much of australia 's milk is produced in victoria ?
who was given the highlights of most of the matches ?
most imperialism was carried out using which method of transport ?
where was genghis khan buried ?
what aspect of western medicine did the chinese dislike ?
what period did the rhine capture streams ?
what resource is the economy of southern california depedent on ?
what are the two processing facilities in the neighborhood ?
where in australia is victoria located ?
what was the final score for super bowl xxxiii ?
how many men were in robert 's army ?
in what century did the history of the steam engine begin ?
which major network was the most watched for the 2000-01 season ?
who was hired to produce abc 's 2001-02 identity ?
who are the oldest villains from the doctor who series ?
who led the in house design studies for nasa ?
what can sympathetic jurors in cases with civil disobedients ?
when did luther save the group of nuns from the convent ?
who was mueller replaced as associate administrator ?
where is the chloroplast polypeptide synthesized ?
when were the elections that produced a higher vote by protestant nazi sympathizers than by catholics ?
how many touchdowns did brock osweiler throw in the season ?
what is the gauge of the victorian rail lines ?
how cold does this region of victoria get in the winner ?
what did these flights test on the cm ?
why was the student group called " the methodists ? "
what period was 2.5 million years ago ?
what had the number of people living in warsaw declined to by 1945 ?
what would someone who is civilly disobedient do in court ?
what is the population of the greater los angeles area ?
what brand of car is manufactured in broadmeadows ?
what types of recordings at johnson space center were used to help restore the original tapes ?
from where was the muslim historical figure attar , whose murder by the mongols was long remembered ?
warsaw summer jazz days is one of the many what hosted by warsaw ?
when was victoria first settled ?
who created abc 's wide world of sports ?
what is the name of the program that provides contracting work to local companies ?
what area in south africa accepted huguenot colonists ?
what ended turkish imperial ambitions ?
where is the home of the sunnyside country club ?
how many atoms combine to form dioxygen ?
what was the general consensus johnson came to regarding america 's progress on going to space and reaching a position of leadership ?
when was the britain can make it exhibition held ?
geographically speaking , where is california 's north - south midway point in terms of latitude ?
what would a teacher do for someone who is cocky ?
what happened to his ribs in the accident ?
in what year did tesla 's father die ?
what did the use of steam engines in farming lead to ?
how many fumbles did von miller force ?
what did carolina face in the opening drive that they had not faced the entire postseason ?
of what region was saxony a part ?
what type of education was assessed during this time ?
what theoretical device is attributed to alan turing ?
when was the divestment from south africa movement ?
name a larger car that toyota came up with as buyers lamented the small sized compacts ?
what part is added to the uniflow engine to resolve the issue in the counterflow cycle ?
what was the english name of gou 's calendar ?
how much money did a 1/2 minute commercial cost ?
people of what nationality invented the steam turbine ?
what did this agitation provide later generations material for ?
france laid siege to montpellier in what year ?
one of fis ' agenda items was to force women to start doing what ?
where do clinical pharmacists work with patients ?
according to ellen churchill semple what type of climate was necessary for humans to become fully human ?
who wrote a pamphlet outlining the radical ideas of the extremists ?
who runs a service out of newcastle 's international ferry terminal ?
what changed the rhine 's delta ?
the uniflow engine is an attempt to fix an issue that arises in what cycle ?
who did wiesner hire to monitor and second guess nasa 's decisions ?
what do weak labor movement correlate with ?
when was the dutch revolt ?
what network was converted into an independent subsidiary by rca in 1942 ?
how much imported oil came from the middle east ?
what did dalton think the atomic ratios were between atoms in compounds ?
beroida are known by what other name ?
which noble helped establish the huguenot settlement in saarland ?
what channel did abc launch in 1981 that focused on cultural and arts programming ?
what did the benefits agency think sports channels on a tv bill meant ?
what is also decided by the presiding officer ?
what other compensation did tesla get from westinghouse ?
how is the pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world ?
what player first won the heisman trophy for the university ?
how do mongolians sometime describe their relationship to genghis khan ?
who founded the ming dynasty ?
the art deco style of glassware is represented by which artist ?
" bairn " and " hyem " have origins from what culture ?
when did the ottoman empire fall ?
which material is the becket casket made from ?
abc carries weekend events for what extreme sports competition ?
what did european empires rely on to supply them with resources ?
how much of a voting majority must there be to effectively censure the commission ?
what is the name of the american writer and satirist who is also a university alumni ?
what took place in his lab in 1895 , causing him to lose thousands of dollars of data and tools ?
who contributes to members business in addition to the proposer ?
in what year did the amazon experience a drought that may have been more extreme than in 2005 ?
on what date did the first railway trip in the world occur ?
how are laboratory measurements of forces determined ?
what is another term for year 12 of education ?
what does each packet includ in connectionless mode
what buildings held the milton friedman institute ?
prior to super bowl 50 , when were the carolina panthers last there ?
was the testing of the lm during apollo 5 a failure or a success ?
what was the name of the infamous german gestapo prison ?
who set aside seed funding for the week-long event leading up to the super bowl ?
in what year was the first geological map of the u.s. produced ?
what does the wg i summary for policymakers report say human activities are doing to greenhouse gases ?
what would a preschool teacher make , salary-wise ?
what other topics can civil disobedience pertain to ?
when did the herald tribune publish its tesla article ?
what is the temperature in the highest portion of the mountain range in winter ?
what number did early greeks not regard as a true number ?
what doctor who mini-episode was shown during the prom ?
aside from bbc radio 5 , what radio station will broadcast the game ?
in what year did william maclure begin the process of creating the first geological map of the u.s. ?
what is considered an all graduate profession in scotland ?
what type of district is southern california home to many of ?
when was martin luther born ?
gamma delta t cells share the characteristics of what other types of t cells ?
early western texts referencing the east describe the people as being what ?
how long does it take to get to the middle of newcastle from its outskirts when riding the rails ?
how much did the milton friedman institute roughly cost ?
how did luther show the trinity in his catechisms ?
what position does von miller play for the denver broncos ?
what does the replacement of the ticket machines and introduction of ticket gates herald the transition to ?
what company did eisner become president of when he left abc in 1976 ?
the rate of clearing of forest from 2000 to 2005 was how many square miles per year ?
on what game console was the cbs sports app available ?
which company had a commercial aired for free as a result of the quickbooks contest ?
when did the general sejm make warsaw it 's permanent seat ?
who was the chief executive officer when the service began ?
what tv station showed the broadcasts of the original doctor who series ?
how many tree species are in the rainforest ?
when was a vote help to ratify the change to the constitution ?
who was this season 's nfl mvp ?
how many factors of health and social problems did wilkinson and pickett identify ?
when the law is a direct target of the protest , what is this called ?
who listed the grainger market architecture as grade 1 in 1954 ?
refineries , process chemical , power generation , mills and manufacturing plants are under what sector of construction ?
in what geographical portion of wales is abercynon located ?
how did luther view the ottoman turks ?
when was the plastome discovered ?
what did houghton say is necessary for any changes to the spm ?
what are the main threats facing the amazon rainforest in the current century ?
what town is surrounded by jacksonville ?
which pharmacists are likely to seek additional education following pharmacy school ?
who can be in the victorian cabinet ?
one country 's authority over a number of others would constitute the original country as what ?
how long did it take to improve on sir isaac newton 's laws of motion ?
how many same-sex married couples or partnerships were there ?
what position did tesla accept at the exchange ?
how many field goals did mcmanus kick in the game ?
when did greenland sign a treaty granting them special status ?
what issues were not addressed in the treaty of aix-la-chapelle ?
what position does tucker play for with the ravens ?
how were the mongol garrison families earning money ?
what was the name of temüjin 's wife börte 's first son ?
who along with russia supported post ww-ii communist movements ?
how long did it take johnson to respond to kennedy ?
when did the v & a acquired the costiff collection ?
what can increase the tension force on a load ?
what was the final score of super bowl 50 ?
in march 2007 , the mission council of the south central jurisdiction approved a 99-year lease on how many acres ?
what was constructed between 1978 and 1982 to link the henry cole wing to the rest of the museum ?
where did the genoese traders bring the plague ?
in which season did the abc logo first appear as an on-screen bug ?
when was the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) issued ?
how might gravity effects be observed differently according to newton ?
which performers joined the headliner during the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
where is the so-called rhine knee ?
the largest objects in the v & a ceramics and glass collection were produced in which countries ?
which museum was among those that loaned more modern works for the new sculpture galleries ?
the transportation law allows personal aircraft to share the roadways with what ?
what 's the biggest difference in the teaching relationship for primary and secondary school ?
which network regained the ratings lead in america in 1984 ?
what was the digitization project called ?
what is csnet
how much more oxygen dissolves at 0 degrees c than at 20 degrees c ?
what members typically open debates ?
when was dali conquered by the yuan ?
sophocles demonstrated civil disobedience in a play that was called ?
who was the norse leader ?
which other empires or dynasties did genghis khan conquer ?
according to polynomial time reduction squaring can ultimately be logically reduced to what ?
what were the first two destinations of huguenot emigres ?
most of the chinese works of art in the far eastern collections date from which two dynasties ?
who may also submit private bills to parliament ?
who was the quarterback for the broncos 2015 season ?
what do pharmacy technicians depend on more and more ?
when did the rhine straightening program begin ?
why must one be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem ?
what dynasty did genghis khan plan to attack after conquering western xia ?
how do platyctenids reproduce ?
what can keep an object from moving when it is being pushed on a surface ?
what group of people performed revolutionary civil disobedience toward the austrian government ?
who was warsz ?
what did tesla do in tomingaj ?
what book did luther write in response to agricola and the antinomians ?
where is the jazz jamboree hosted ?
of what mountain system are the victorian alps a part ?
how old were some of the oldest rock samples found on the moon ?
what was the black cloister ?
other than point conception , what landmark is used in the other definition of southern california ?
what is the polish word for wreaths ?
who approached the bbc in 1989 about relaunching the show ?
what can result from disorders of the immune system ?
what is warsaw 's symbol ?
where did huguenots and walloons settle in england ?
why does doctor who 's tardis always look the same ?
in what year did the film also mention the number of regenerations ?
changes in rainfall reduced what kind of vegetation cover in the amazon basin ?
who said chloroplasts are similar to cyanobacteria ?
what was the name of börte 's second male child ?
how did chinese medicine spread ?
what did objects in forced motion contain according to the late medieval idea that influence aristotle ?
deacons serve a term of how many years as provisional deacons ?
what is the increased rates of self-employment based on ?
what river is located in the vicinity of the school ?
what is the mayor of warsaw called ?
what cable company removed abc stations from it 's systems in certain markets in april 2000 ?
how many residents were recorded in the 2010 census of jacksonville ?
who was the designer of the oriental courts ?
how old was manning at the beginning of the 2015 season ?
according to the princeton review where has harvard ranked as a " dream college " in 2013
the largest construction projects are known as what ?
what is the lone mls team that belongs to southern california ?
how many counties initially made up the definition of southern california ?
how accurate did guo make the reformed lunisolar calendar ?
what does luther write that this life does n't have ?
what produces the high levels of oxygen on earth ?
what political group began to gain support following the corruption scandal ?
how did the principle treaties that form the european union begin ?
in what field were double and triple expansion engines common ?
in what year was the commission on pan methodist cooperation and union formed ?
what is a main tributary to the rhine that goes through northeastern france and part of belgium ?
which country is a traditional ally of israel ?
who is the uk 's largest digital subscription television company ?
what is the population of the second largest city in california ?
whose principles were the principle of faunal succession built upon ?
ugly betty 's ratings fell dramatically after the series movie to what night ?
where was the rhine regulated with a lower canal ?
how did the project encourage the commercialisation of legumes ?
what is the most commonplace model utilized in complexity theory ?
what future revolutionary key figures participated in this attack ?
what did lane and vail finance ?
what southern city did the huguenots settle near ?
what was cancelled by nasa after the apollo 6 testing , after deeming the saturn v ready to hold men ?
who was determined to expose luther at this time ?
which areas were least vulnerable to disease ?
what city has the largest inland port in europe ?
what language did the court of justice accept to be required to teach in a dublin college in groner v minister for education ?
why does fresno only have uhf television stations ?
who sold the rights ?
when was the last glacial maximum ?
what is generated between a surface and an object that is being pushed ?
who is taught at teacher 's colleges ?
what does isobaric mean ?
who did the geographic scholars work for ?
what are clades ?
what is notable about the amazon forest when it is seen from space ?
where did the meuse flow before the flood ?
which of genghis khan 's sons completed the conquest of the jin dynasty ?
rocks that are a depth where they are ductilely stretched are also often what ?
who is the first administrator of the federal energy office ?
when did pachauri resign as chair of the ipcc ?
what sate are things inside of a moving vehicle as seen by a person inside the vehicle ?
what does the beroe eat ?
how long as the u.s. government been actively engaged in efforts to counter islamism ?
what church in virginia is maintained by huguenots as a historic shrine ?
what is the shortened name of the annual yacht race that takes place ?
which district in fresno is known as the center for the heavy metal community ?
what happens if a member does n't vote the party line ?
what was the first year that yale and harvard played football ?
what religion is st cuthbert 's high school dominated by ?
what service did bskyb chare additional subscription fees for ?
who caught a 16-yard pass on this drive ?
what has to accounted for that causes no net force being the cause of constant velocity motion ?
the region spans starting at islands found in which body of water ?
what do bundle sheath chloroplasts specialize in ?
what is the civil disobedience called where people refuse to be released ?
when did the warsaw area enlargement take place ?
why might customers order from internet pharmacies ?
what force acts between electric charges ?
in what year did the fcc begin an investigation in to the operation of radio networks in america
who did the bbc work with to reconstruct some of the invasion episodes ?
why was the 36 acres leased ?
the bank of america tower was previously known as what ?
where did abc construct it 's transmitter for its affiliate station in san francisco ?
where was the manned spacecraft center located ?
the inland delta at the mouth of the rhine is with what lake ?
what led to newcastle 's fall from power as military advisor ?
when was spanish takeover of louisiana territory complete ?
how much older was manning than newton during super bowl 50 ?
who scored the panthers first touchdown ?
when does immunodeficiency occur ?
who increased british military resources in colonies ?
besides africa , where did germany have imperial interests ?
what generally does not allow citizens to sue other citizens ?
students exposed to an enthusiastic teacher usually did what more often outside class ?
what doctor who was written without doctor who in it ?
what state in australia is the center of dairy farming ?
when was the gerald ratner athletics center constructed ?
what responses protect the lungs by mechanically ejecting pathogens from the respiratory system ?
at a-level , what percentage of british students attend fee-paying schools ?
why was he unable to enroll at the university ?
in what sector are jobs beginning to increase ?
which central european country had a calvinist ruler ?
what radio station did the doctor who theme reach the charts on in 2011 ?
of what group in the periodic table is oxygen a member ?
some of the income went to the purchase of arms which exacerbated political tension especially in which area ?
what do most platyctenida have on their aboral surface ?
what is the mace displayed in ?
how many times prios has the sun life stadium had super bowls ?
what service did abc launch in may 2013 ?
how many yards did newton get for passes in the 2015 season ?
what conjecture holds that there is an infinite amount of twin primes ?
where do the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to ?
how are ergänzungsschulen funded ?
how old was tesla when he died ?
how many balls did josh norman intercept ?
when did the movement that would become the united methodist church begin ?
what is the position of the satellite that allowed sky to broadcast channels almost elclusively for the united kingdom ?
who can not be employed by a school in any manner ?
to where was luther 's final journey ?
when did tesla become friends with viereck ?
which team had the first kickoff ?
what type of revolution did maududi advocate ?
what drove residents to quieter suburban housing ?
approximately how many items comprise the jewelry collection of the v & a ?
how much of paris ' population was killed by the plague ?
on what date was oxygen liquefied in a stable form ?
what policy did stalin implement shortly after lenin 's death ?
what do critics think the cause of problems with modern schooling is ?
how was this possible
where can a lot tesla 's writings be found ?
what is an object 's mass proportional to at the surface of the earth ?
what does the umc endorse under strict and effective international control ?
by what name were the " supposedly reformed " known ?
who voted on the venue for super bowl 50 ?
what did luther think was the only source of knowledge of god ?
what did the soviets intend to use in spacecraft after the success of zond 5 ?
who designed the entrance hall and rotunda ?
what comedy featuring stand up comedian tim allen debuted in 1991 ?
what genus has self-fertilization been seen ?
what is the united states at risk for because of the recession of 2008 ?
what did cbs provide of the super bowl 50 broadcast for its website , some apps and media players ?
what city in victoria is called the sporting capital of australia ?
what is the turbine entry temperature of a steam turbine , in degrees celsius ?
when was kenya electricity generating company established ?
who agreed with the burning of synagogues ?
how many permanent objects are located there ?
which parts of the earth are included in the lithosphere ?
post 2008 undergraduate students are required to complete how many general education classes towards degree ?
what objective would be labeled as practical ?
when did tesla graduate ?
what comedy block debuted in 1989 for abc ?
what were the protesters doing with christ 's counsel ?
what event was blamed on the introduction of mnemiopsis into the black sea ?
who was made governor of samarqand ?
how does the secondary theory say most cpdna is structured ?
what might cause a higher student interest in learning the presented subject ?
how large are chloroplast ribosomes ?
when did genghis khan capture the jin dynasty capital ?
what kind of programs did nbc red test ?
where is cyclic photophosphorylation common ?
what kind of system of infection involves inserting a hollow tube into a host cell ?
what type of gradients are formed by faulting and other deformational processes ?
who did the carolina panthers beat in the 2015 nfc championship game ?
was the bubonic plague spread faster or slower than modern bubonic plague ?
in 1735 , where did john and charles wesley teach the gospel in america ?
what has risen to be a factor in teaching today ?
what put a hierarchical structure in place ?
what astronomers is also a university alumni member ?
what has been getting much better in the most recent years ?
what were the years two regulations that conflicted with an italian law originate in the simmenthal spa case ?
what did luther believe that the soul does after death ?
what type of landscapes other than geologic and natural ecosystem landscapes can be found in southern california ?
when was the battle of hastings ?
why was cbs unable to broadcast the coronation of queen elizabeth ii ?
what do petrologists use electron microprobes in the laboratory for ?
state route 180 comes from which direction via mendota ?
how large are granal thylakoids ?
how is income inequality generally viewed by workers ?
what , to luther had the church lost sight of ?
who is the patron saint of the huguenots ?
what is the metric they use to determine how busy airports are ?
when did the wahhabi seized the grand mosque in mecca ?
what is the scottish parliament currently in the fourth of ?
who previously held the record for being the oldest quarterback to play in a super bowl ?
what is the most important type of norman art preserved in churches ?
what is the name of another type of modern primality test ?
how many full time teachers does victoria have ?
what is the name of the commuter rail system ?
what trading route joined khwarezmia and the mongol empire ?
during which years was no census taken ?
how long has radio tyneside been the voluntary hospital radio service ?
in what battle were the mongols defeated by the tran ?
what type of system takes students from one specialist to another for each subject ?
when was the british nationality act passed ?
who was the founder of the oracle corporation ?
what is the name of one type of prime where p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape ?
name a luxury model that became popular in the mid-1970s .
why did the shah of iran gave an interview ?
what organization did tesla serve as vice president of ?
what company took over edison machine works ?
gamma delta t cells have a different version of what receptor ?
what was the name of new orleans ' superdome at the time that super bowl 50 took place ?
where can aeolian sand with a number of dunes be found ?
what is a common punishment in the uk and ireland ?
what is used by certain wealthy groups to obtain policies financially beneficial for them ?
to which year is the gloucester candlestick dated ?
do the u.s. flags on the moon still have their original coloring or were they faded due to the sun ?
how many costumes were in the costiff collection ?
who did carolina beat in the nfc championship game ?
what did microsoft announce that it would rename sky drive pro to ?
which cultures are represented in the v & a 's collections ?
what controls wages in a purely capitalist mode of production ?
what kind of facility was wardenclyffe ?
by decreasing resistance to blood flow in the lungs , what organ 's workload can be eased ?
how many housing units were there in 2000 ?
how much of the population of earth ended up seeing the images of the earth and the moon ?
what was the naval base called ?
rather than taxation , what are private schools largely funded by ?
what part of the earth 's geological structure is larger than the crust ?
contracts must be designed to ensure what ?
what military impact did huguenot immigration have on frederick 's army ?
when did ronald robinson die ?
luther went to bed quoting what scripture ?
what rank does doctor who hold in a list of the 100 greatest kids ' tv shows ?
what year did charles avison die in newcastle ?
in a type iii secretion system , proteins are transported to the host cell in order to do what ?
what was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty ?
who played the master in the 1996 tv movie ?
whose writings were widely quoted by the third reich ?
what cbs website provided a stream ?
what type of topological systems are found in numbers in victoria ?
who do clinical pharmacists work with much of the time ?
what did john dalton think that all elements were in number present in compounds ?
what do chloroplasts do like mitochondria ?
what drove increased rental prices in east new york ?
who assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism ?
who was the normans ' main enemy in italy , the byzantine empire and armenia ?
why does oxfam and credit suisse believe their findings are being doubted ?
older people get less sun and produce less of what chemical via uvb radiation ?
what is the edge of the moraine plateau called ?
who purchased or commissioned the works of european artists included the british galleries of the v & a ?
what was the average cost of a 30-second commercial ?
what type of microscope is used by petrologists ?
what is the main judicial body of the eu ?
how did genghis khan describe himself to the people of bukhara ?
dutch architect janjaap ruijssenaars 's performative architecture 3d-printed building is scheduled to be built when ?
what is circuit switching characterized by
the presence of who is highly likely even in small projects ?
what type of movies were produced in jacksonville 's 30 studios ?
how many teams have played in the super bowl eight times ?
where does heat rejection occur in the rankine cycle ?
when did the plague return to europe ?
what happened to the sm upon reentry to the atmosphere ?
what did the fossils found in the burgess shale lack ?
what kind of bureaucracy did the normans institute ?
in what two serials was the number of regenerations set ?
how many medieval warm period reconstructions were used ?
what nationality was konstantin mereschkowski ?
where did tesla begin working in 1884 ?
how high is the highest point in warsaw ?
how many seasons did the original doctor who run ?
what was tesla 's belief as to the selling price of the biplane ?
after 1945 , what challenged the french empire ?
what is the 16th century known as the start of ?
analysis of what kind of deposits from the amazon fan indicates a change in rainfall in the amazon basin ?
how much of the rhine flow does ijssel carry ?
what profession were ronald robinson and john gallagher ?
when did the fcc approve upt 's purchase of abc ?
after what year was compounding frequently used in marine engines ?
under what law is value of a worker determined ?
what well known political scientists are currently on the university 's faculty ?
le grand concludes that an author 's words offer only what they intended for them to imply regarding this type of terminology ?
what logo was modified and reused for the 50th anniversary special ?
what workshop helped with the creation of the doctor who theme ?
what area has become attractive for restaurants ?
in 2013-14 , nbc finished in first place in the 18-49 demographic for the first time since when ?
who taught temüjin early lessons about politics in mongolia ?
what percentage of newcastle 's population was culled by the plague ?
what type of treatment do civil disobedients usually receive ?
in what year did the first european travel the entire length of the amazon river ?
what chemist showed that fire needed only a part of air ?
what 's the name of newcastle 's gay club scene ?
what is the subsystem that protects the human brain ?
what is the most frequently employed type of reduction ?
which buddhist monastery hosted the genghis khan mausoleum during the japanese occupation ?
who was appointed to head a team to find the problems north america had regarding manned space flight ?
how many total touchdowns did cam newton score ?
how do cryptophyte chloroplasts arrange their pyrenoid and thylakoids ?
what was the ratio of british settler to french ?
which organic compounds contain the greatest amount of oxygen by mass ?
what delimits the delta of the rhine in the west ?
what globally popular half marathon began in 1981 ?
the talbot hughes collection was a gift from which company ?
construction takes place on location for who ?
why is it important to precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section ?
what mechanism can be used to make oxygen ?
abc began to focus on what kind of series after nbc 's success in 1984 ?
what are eu regulations essentially the same as in the case mentioned ?
what does oxygen therapy promote the body to take up ?
in what unit is the size of the input measured ?
do adults or juveniles secretions luminesce brighter ?
what spelling of genghis most closely matches its probable pronunciation ?
what happens to reactive oxygen species signals since they do n't leave the chloroplast ?
when dating rocks , what is the absolute isotopic date applied to ?
what is atp synthase similar to ?
what was the fresno fairgrounds used as ?
what are phycobilisomes ?
what do david castlles-quintana and vicente royuela do for a living ?
what commission was censured in 1999 , and paved the way for commissioners to abuse their power ?
who mapped the alta vista tract ?
which section of the rhine is most factories found ?
what is economic liberalism one of the causes of ?
how did tesla lose his tuition money ?
what did olivier roy state underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century ?
what kind of t cells kill cells that are infected with pathogens ?
at what rate is orange county developing its business centers ?
what was iqbal studying in england and germany ?
when was luther examined at augsburg by the papal legate ?
what effect did genghis khan 's career have on communication and trade across asia ?
what did herr gott , dich loben wir become known as ?
how many seconds were left in the game when the patriots failed their 2-point conversion ?
which countries use the green greek cross as a symbol of pharmacy ?
how long did tesla spend redesigning the motor and generators ?
in a nuclear power plant , what is the steam turbine connected to ?
during the bronco 's playoff games , who did not throw at all ?
what is an example of a rotary engine without pistons ?
what was the verdict on other alleged errors ?
what are the three largest urban areas in kenya ?
what did these lutheran clerics use as fuel to bolster the policies of the nazis ?
what did josel of rosheim claimed that luther said of those who might aid the jews ?
who was imprisoned in newcastle by the scots in 1646 through 1647 ?
where is the z-ring ?
the frequent availability of what substance allowed land-based steam engines to exhaust a great deal of steam ?
in what body of water is the harvard - yale regatta held ?
what is a course of study called ?
what doctor who actress was nominated for an award in 2016 ?
when was japan accepted as an arab-friendly state ?
what type of camera was used to record the moon landing ?
what did the uk parliment hear that a subscription to bskyb was ?
where did the broncos practice for the super bowl ?
what does the un want to stabilize ?
what shape are some of the buildings in the parliament complex ?
what kind of weapons did tesla 's treatise concern ?
what is the first major bend in the rhine called ?
how many followers does the presbyterian church of east africa have ?
what type of lord is doctor who ?
in which point did the drainage basin of the amazon split ?
what increases entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ?
how tall was the tower 's ultimate height ?
what kind of coronation happened ?
what is the most well-known algorithm associated with the integer factorization problem ?
how does inequality prevent growth ?
how many were killed by plague in italy in the 17th century ?
what name is given to any prime number larger than 2 ?
how was luther presented as an image to spread protestantism ?
what is another way to state the condition that infinitely many primes can exist only if a and q are coprime ?
whose army liberated warsaw in 1806 ?
what do unstable 6-carbon molecules become ?
when did the second edition of gasquet 's book come out ?
who mentored buyantu ?
at what university 's facility did the panthers practice ?
what did guo shoujing do for calendars ?
bassett focuses on what to illustrate his idea ?
what distinguishes stromal thylakoids ?
who moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596 ?
what type of actions are taken sometimes in civil disobedience ?
what was the title of the first choral hymnal ?
because of the gold theme , what was super bowl 50 known as ?
how many kenyans are living below the poverty level ?
what is the proprietary system that sky+hd uses ?
what can often be predicted beforehand ?
the umc supports federal funding for research on embryos created for what purpose ?
how recently has the homes in fresno been restored ?
who is responsible for ensuring the parliament works smoothly ?
what does the template for bills passed by the scottish parliament include ?
jacksonville began to suffer and decline after what major world event ?
who masterminded many terror attacks ?
what was the name of the fund setup to help with investing in the community ?
what other cbs talk show played , after the main one that began immediately after super bowl 50 ?
what was the average family size ?
shark tank was based on what other reality show ?
how many yards did the broncos ' defense give up ?
what south african law recognized two types of schools ?
how many auricles do most species have ?
what does private ownership create a situation of ?
who gives leadership , preaches the word and conducts marriages , among other duties ?
what issue plagues the literature about civil disobedience ?
what type of boundaries help to define the way kids behave ?
while competition between workers drives down wages for jobs with a high supply of worker , whose competition drives wages up for the inverse ?
what causes strain in structures ?
in south africa , along with privately governed schools , what schools are classified as independent ?
what does someone who completes the initial teacher education ( ite ) program get ?
abc aired symphony performances by what conductor ?
how many grammy award 's does the text say lady gaga has won ?
what is another name for being born again ?
who kicked the field goal for denver on the first drive of super bowl 50 ?
besides the radicals who else did luther have to deal with ?
what was the soviet union trying to suppress with its army ?
how do you avoid problems when determining forces involved on an object from two or more sources ?
what language is used to educate in wales ?
after apollo missions 18 and 19 were cancelled , what happened to the saturn vs that were never used ?
what planet is doctor who from ?
which super bowl halftime show did beyoncé headline ?
what is the upper range of annual fees for non-boarding students in british public schools ?
what does the riemann hypothesis state the source of irregularity in the distribution of points comes from ?
what did the non-afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige ?
what does the chloroplast peripheral reticulum do ?
what did a 1996 study by perotti examine ?
what company released the cd versions of the doctor who stories ?
why was old oil withdrawn from the market ?
what did a greedy merchant do to the mermaid ?
the kronenberg palace had been an exceptional example of what type of architecture ?
in newton 's second law , what are the units of mass and force in relation to microscales ?
of what form are sophie germain primes ?
what is the land area of jacksonville ?
what type of status did the umc vote to seek in the national association of evangelicals ?
when did astor provide the money ?
an important shaman was alleged to be trying to distance genghis khan from which of his brothers ?
what did the hamas charter uncompromisingly encourage ?
besides publishing to the christian nobility of the german nation and on the babylonian captivity of the church , what other work did luther produce in 1520 ?
which group headlined the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
what do the auricles do ?
what park is close to john lennon street ?
where is the santa fe railroad depot located ?
what can a teacher with 25 years of experience make , in euros ?
the two listed teams play for which ncaa group ?
what is the main denomination of christians in kenya ?
how were huguenot settlers assimilated into north american society at large ?
who selected the first apollo crew ?
a dollar spent by a poor person is likely to provide what for them ?
what is the potential earnings for a job where there are few skilled workers but many available positions ?
how much did saudi arabia spend on spreading wahhabism ?
what type of organization would need large quantities of pure oxygen ?
what is the name of the port city that was created ?
who conducted the construction of the new center ?
when did the last glacial end ?
in what color was the dot represented in abc 's 1977 id sequence ?
what modern company has been notably working on a steam engine using modern materials ?
what was the first international event broadcast by abc ?
how many companies were listed on the wse on august 2009 ?
what country did the rhine continue to rise during the holocene ?
what is an example of a machine model that deviates from a generally accepted multi-tape turing machine ?
who discovered the yellow fever virus ?
how many species of ctenophora have been validated ?
what may cause " motivational embellishment " ?
the uk and france had non interruptions in their oil supply as they did not allow which country to use their airfield ?
in 2000 , abc started an internet based campaign focused on what ?
where does hamas want to establish an islamic state ?
what type of manufacturing plant is victoria soon losing ?
what kind of cell wall do cyanobacteria have ?
what kind of missions are the armed forces regularly deployed for ?
what is the prize offered for finding a solution to p=np ?
when was the french and indian war ?
what makes the method of trial division more efficient ?
apollo 17 was significant for what reason ?
what was tesla 's device called ?
approximately how many musical instruments were loaned to the horniman museum ?
when was the measurement of the rhine introduced ?
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing how much building material per hour ?
what did luther say would allow the jews to stay ?
who designed abc 's 1998 new graphic design ?
how long is the section that turns north ?
what was the name of the count of apulia
who lost to the broncos in the afc championship ?
when were the shortcomings of aristotle 's physics overcome ?
what effect does trade with poorer countries have on the workers in richer countries ?
how much did westinghouse pay for tesla 's designs ?
who will carry the game throughout all of north america ?
who is the president of tumas ?
which species eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parents body until hatched ?
where did super bowl 50 take place ?
when did tesla claim to have built the weapon ?
what are auricles ?
who defines what constitutes a patient-doctor relationship ?
what cancels our guilt and empowers us to resist the power of sin and to fully love god and neighbor ?
what forces should serve as a brake on wealth concentration ?
what candy company did edward john noble own ?
the production of what signalling molecules is regulated by the immune system ?
more in the present prevalence of civil disobedience has turned and said to be ?
what were later yuan emperors disinterested in ?
how do you pronounce fresno ?
where is the rhine bridge ?
under normal conditions , t cells and antibodies produce what kind of peptides ?
how large are plastoglobuli ?
humans in tropical environments were considered what ?
on what date was super bowl 50 given to levi 's stadium ?
how many people died in the outbreak of 1471 ?
who is generally considered on the same level as physicians , lawyers , engineers , and accountants ( chartered or cpa ) ?
what does the immune system protect against ?
what was used to sod the levi 's stadium for super bowl 50 ?
what is the nickname for the delta in the netherlands ?
what sort of continental sculptors are represented in the british galleries of the v & a ?
when were tesla 's patents restored ?
what was the total number of patents that tesla had ?
when did the rhine stop being the roman boundary ?
what is seeing the holy bible as the primary authority in the church ?
how many piston strokes occur in an engine cycle ?
what is the ieee ?
what set the stage for merits role in nsfnet
what was the name of the serial where the valeyard appears ?
who was the head of the household that temüjin joined when he was nine years old ?
what is the throat called ?
who warned of the potential impact ?
where did the normans and byzantines sign the peace treaty ?
what jersey did the broncos wear for super bowl 50 ?
which city is planned to be a part of the california high speed rail ?
what provided for the creation of new orders known as " provisional elder ? "
peyton manning took how many different teams to the super bowl ?
what type of behavior in primes is it possible to determine ?
who took the throne after kusala 's death ?
what image has become linked to doctor who ?
how many receptions did cotchery get for the 2015 season ?
constitutional impasse is distinct from what key term ?
the motto of the muslim brotherhood specifies what as being their constitution ?
what did the result of the snp majority allow a referendum be held on ?
in which direction does most of the wind in fresno originate from ?
when did the spanish and portuguese colonies gain their independance .
why have modern lutherans stopped using the hymn ?
how many ministries of the scottish government does a committee typically correspond to ?
why would one want to give a speech ?
antibodies are transferred to the gut of the infant through what means ?
what are plants with plastid gene transformations called ?
which dynasties ' histories were officially documented during toghun 's reign ?
where was the baptismal hymn used to introduce the reformation ?
what was another use for the weapon ?
how many species were found in the burgess shale ?
where was the nfl experience held for the 2015 season ?
who protected jamukha after he escaped the conflict with temüjin ?
when did the united states withdraw from the bretton woods accord ?
why would rampant violence prevent people from going to work ?
in the 10th week of the 2015 season , what injury was peyton manning dealing with ?
what is a hermaphrodite ?
where was parliament 's temporary home whilst the permanent building was being built ?
where by mass is oxygen a major part ?
when did kenya become an independent country ?
how did luther smuggle 12 nuns out of a convent during the rebellion ?
what did he patent in 1891 ?
what do some civil disobedient people feel the need to acknowledge .
what did luther use the hymn to encourage colleagues to do ?
which border does the rhine flow from the south ?
how many earthquakes does southern california experience in a year ?
what abc comedy had the record for the longest running comedy until being passed by the simpsons in 2002 ?
when did tesla go to tomingaj ?
when was the soundtrack for series 5 released ?
which descendant of genghis khan is remembered as having reunified china ?
what is the grace that " goes before us ? "
who was given land by british goovernment for development of ohio country ?
what has complicated definitions that prevent classification into a framework ?
what variable is associated with all problems solved within logarithmic space ?
what is a regulatory factor produced by macrophages ?
what country is this teaching subject discussing ?
which people brought forward one of the earliest examples of civil disobedience ?
what type of compounds does oxygen most commonly form ?
what analyst did not agree with the ruling of the incomplete pass ?
how much was the apollo project estimated to have cost from 1959 to 1973 , the length of the program ?
what did tesla 's father originally want him to do ?
what is considered the mother church of american methodism ?
what other two famous performers were part of the super bowl 50 halftime ?
what position at abc did thomas murphy stay on for after stepping down as president ?
what do counties sometimes offer to get more teachers ?
who hosted the bandstand show debuted on abc in 1957 ?
where are proplastids usually found ?
in 2011 , which program became the only abc broadcast in 4:3 standard definition ?
what causes the symptoms of inflammation ?
the defeat of the arab troops in the six-day war constituted what for the arab muslim world ?
what authority enforced the ban on the 95 theses ?
what was the second meaning of a chinese word for 'barracks ' ?
what is a d-loop ?
where are the gonads located ?
when was warsaw 's stock exchange brought back to life ?
who did peyton manning complete an 18 yard pass to on the opening drive ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the university 's in total ?
what can rubisco do by mistake ?
who was the speaker of the tribal council ?
at this time where was luther 's focus centered ?
in the definition based off the mountain range , which region would the desert portions of north los angeles county be included in ?
who was the abc radio president in 1968 ?
what type of movement is the muslim brotherhood ?
which denomination has more of an individualistic streak ?
enthusiastic teachers may cause students to become more ____ about their learning process ?
what was shrewsbury 's conclusion ?
mohammad iqbal was what type of father to the state of pakistan ?
what are incompetent government 's commitment to social justice limited to ?
what does chlorophyll use light energy to do ?
who has expressed distaste for the canonicity of doctor who stories by other media ?
how many warriors did toghrul provide temüjin when his wife was captured ?
how would one write t ( n ) = 7n2 + 15n + 40 in big o notation ?
how is unregistered property held in informal form ?
when was abc 's first logo introduced ?
strictly speaking who was included in datanet 1
when did levi 's stadium open ?
which ipcc author criticized the tar ?
when could a teacher act in the role of a parent ?
what was causing new france to have issues with resupplying ?
what were x-rays known as at the time ?
what is the rhine called in french ?
what is the name of the basin that was created from a enclosed lake ?
how many passengers a year does the rail network in newcastle carry ?
which c1622-23 sculpture by bernini are included in the sculpture collection ?
how long was the death wish coffee commercial ?
what was introduces into the black sea ?
what city north of new york was settled by huguenots ?
when did luther and his wife live ?
when did henry issue the edict of nantes ?
how many more landing sites for the apollo missions did nasa have planned ?
for what type of music was doctor who considered a pioneer ?
the success of the britain can make it exhibition led to the planning of what exhibition in 1951 ?
what is the age range of most prostitutes in kenya ?
which nation contains the majority of the amazon forest ?
how many women were employed in construction in 2011 ?
where did scientists find their y. pestis sample ?
what religion did tesla grow up in ?
what do isolated , spaced out graves of plague victims indicate ?
which son did genghis khan view as his most dependable one ?
which player recovered possession of the ball in the end zone ?
what is a single plastoglobuli called ?
what served as a justification for imposing imperialistic policies on certain peoples or regions ?
which two groups have cells bound by inter-cell connections and membranes , muscles , a nervous system and sensory organs ?
where do ctenophora live ?
what is the usual form of the government 's wealth redistribution ?
what was the name of the 1991 doctor who exhibition ?
which is more sophisticated , numericals model or an analog models of orogenic wedges ?
what did luther add to his catechisms ?
what river is larger than the rhine ?
who were the defending super bowl champions ?
what reform was attempted following the nice treaty ?
what is the name of the satellite that measured the amount of dust ?
how many museums comprise harvard art museums ?
how many organizations issued the joint statement on climate change ?
what kind of university is the california institute of technology ?
which musical genre did the progressive folk-rock band gryphon presented at a concert/lecture at the v & a ?
where do most plants have chloroplasts ?
the umc teaches that pornography is about what ?
in which direction did the water on the eastern side flow ?
what is the name of matters outside the legislative ability of the scottish parliament ?
how is worst-case time complexity written as an expression ?
how many kgs of moon rocks did the program bring back ?
from what mission and onward were the dsms awarded ?
what is the main goal of criminal punishment of civil disobedients ?
how long did julia butterfly hill live in a tree ?
how many registered nurses were in kenya in 2011 ?
what yard line did the broncos stop the panthers on in their first offensive drive of super bowl 50 ?
who can decide on legal matters in islam ?
how many apollo missions were manned by the previous mercury and gemini veterans ?
what year was the last time a fumble return touchdown like this occurred ?
where did luther spend his career ?
what armed group stopped the uprising at ballarat ?
what type of authority do sudbury schools prefer ?
what is another term for rotors ?
what one point was not agreed on that was dear to luther ?
to whom was johann eck the assistant ?
how did luther express the destruction ?
the complexity of problems often depends on what ?
what did luther contend the jews to be ?
what effect does trade with richer countries have on the workers in poorer countries ?
who notably improved the savery water pump ?
how long has the doctor who magazine been in circulation ?
who started the yuan dynasty ?
what distinguishes granal thylakoids ?
what was the name of the doctor who-related song released in 1988 ?
since students do not pay tuition , what do they have to pay for schooling in victoria ?
what is an etioplast ?
what is the highest point of the rhine basin called ?
what is the average plant biosmass ?
who was the film charly produced by ?
what did martin luther do during 1510 to 1520 ?
what are those from jacksonville sometimes called ?
what government department did buyantu shut down ?
what is an anda ?
in what year did edmond 's characterize a " good " algorithm ?
where is corporal punishment usually performed these days ?
what did luther say the common people knew nothing about ?
what use was suggested for the system
how much of the european population did the black death kill ?
in what century did missionaries notably establish church schools in south africa ?
who has loaned the raphael cartoons to the museum ?
who won super bowl xlix ?
in what episode does the " fall of the eleventh " happen ?
what was the hymn meant to examine students on ?
when did the iranian government enjoy something of a resurgence ?
as a euphoric how is oxygen used in bars ?
what is necessary to disobey ?
what was the first true engine that was commercially successful ?
what band headlined half-time during super bowl 50 ?
how fast do objects fall on earth ?
who is kearney boulevard named after ?
which month is the first in the year parliament takes a two week vacation ?
what is the term used to identify a deterministic turing machine that has additional random bits ?
what other role do many pharmacists play ?
what did tesla mistakenly believe x-rays were ?
what unintended development did the relationship with the elector have on church government ?
these project structures allow the owner to integrate the services of who throughout the design and construction ?
what did luther identify the papacy as ?
a forced trade agreement between two countries would be an example of what ?
who had the idea of a natural state for objects at rest ?
british commentators include , darren fletcher , rocky boiman and who else ?
what type of number do modern mathematicians consider 1 to be ?
what can students that complete high school have opportunites to do ?
who assisted wesley with ordaining whatcoat and vasey as presbyters ?
how quickly is the sea level rising ?
where was luther buried ?
what is one way of digital civil disobedience that can have far reaching consequences ?
who said barton 's investigation was " misguided and illegitimate " ?
what city was former wwe nxt champion neville born in ?
what did tesla 's design not need ?
who gave tesla money to go to prague ?
what is the strongest main interaction ?
what became the foundation of the reformation ?
if p is ultimately proven to be equal tot np , what effect would this have on the efficiency of problems ?
how much do researchers now think sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100 ?
what does " tgif " stand for ?
by 199 how many universities were connected
what was the name of the time the upper rhine form a border between france and germany ?
in what year did nikola tesla emigrate to the united states ?
who does edward said say is being attacked by us imperialism ?
what type of motivators are food and shelter considered ?
what is a prasinophyte ?
antigens bind to what in order to elicit a response of the immune system ?
what other digital tv service took sky uk limited 's most popular spot ?
new ownership rules by the fcc in 1985 allowed broadcasters to own a maximum of how many stations ?
what rule did some native live under ?
what powers does the court of justice of the european union have in regards to treaties ?
what type of jihad does ht avoid engaging in ?
which conjecture holds that every even integer n greater than 2 can be expressed as a sum of two primes ?
in the layered model of the earth , the mantle has two layers below it . what are they ?
what position does brandon marshall currently play ?
what is the almannic dialect to describe the islands outside in austria ?
when did tesla first encounter alfred s. brown
what were huguenots who stayed in france eventually known as ?
where is the lowest point of warsaw located ?
when are recent episodes of abc shows typically made available on vod services ?
what format is abc 's master feed transmitted in ?
what did lavoisier conclude was consumed by combustion in his experiments ?
how many interceptions did manning have in 2015 ?
what was given to high schools where former students went on to play or coach in a super bowl ?
which country 's cars became more highly sought after as they were more fuel efficient ?
what european event caused the huguenots to abandon charlesfort ?
what nationality is hoesung lee ?
what is the world 's busiest general aviation airport ?
who was iqbal a critic of ?
where was the 2000 study conducted ?
who has the role of holding the scottish government to account ?
who formed the government in kenya ?
what did nsfnet eventually provide
how many grade one listed railway stations are in the uk ?
who among genghis khan 's subjects shared similar privileges to his close family members ' ?
when did tesla get his us citizenship ?
what size are adult ctenophora ?
at which level of education is this sport becoming more popular ?
what kind of markets did nbc red serve ?
against what does reactive oxygen play in plant defense ?
what language were classes held in at tesla 's school ?
in addition to a new body , what else changes about the doctor ?
what talk show replaced one life to live ?
what is the canal in wesel ?
which park is home to the kearney mansion ?
in what model do grana look like pancakes ?
who was the karluk kara-khanid ruler ranked above ?
which khanates had converted to islam ?
the population of newcastle was 189,863 according to what year 's census ?
how is oxygen ranked as abundant in the universe ?
what portion of households in jacksonville have only one person ?
what new series continues the plot of the original doctor who ?
what kind of needlework was used in the creation of the bayeux tapestry ?
what has the lower rainfall in the amazon during the lgm been attributed to ?
how did war start ?
what was the source of the rhine in the last ice age ?
was is the name of the torchwood series that was mostly based in the us ?
where was luther 's last sermon preached ?
what crops were introduced or popularized in the yuan ?
what is the second phase of the digitization project ?
who is known as the first keeper of fine art collection at the v & a ?
beginning how many years ago did the amazon rainforest extend 45 degrees south ?
what did the rhine branch off to form in austria ?
who objected to tetzel 's collections of money to free souls from purgatory ?
what kind of network was abc when it first began ?
what was the advantage of the two-phased system
what field type is usually chosen for super bowl games ?
what is the obligation of a pharmacy filling a prescription ?
which doctors were in project : lazarus ?
jellyfish ans sea anemones belong to what phylum ?
during which years was the plague present in islamic countries ?
when did the rhine become borders with francia ?
when was the paper published that the " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " graph was based on ?
when was the rhine first discovered ?
what is the position derek wolfe plays currently ?
what kind of immune system do bacteria have ?
in which two codes were the roles of pharmacists codified ?
what color pants did the broncos wear in super bowl 50 ?
what does education in an area where there is high demand for workers tend to create ?
what is stage 1 in the life of a bill ?
on which corner is the shopping center located ?
was the lm intended to return to earth at all ?
what do c4 plants need ?
how much did tesla weigh ?
what are the " big five " animals in kenya ?
what was the plos pathogens paper about ?
what does bskyb 's sport portfolio include ?
commensal flora can change what specific conditions of their environment in the gastrointestinal tract ?
what are the biggest burdens ?
what can a principal make , if he/she works for a big school ?
what may have caused rainforests to grow across south america ?
how many tons of live plants were found to live in one square kilometer of the amazon rainforest in 1999 ?
what actress played the last incarnation of the doctor in the special ?
how many chloroplasts are in stomatal guard cells ?
to what extent did fermat confirm the validity of fermat numbers ?
disney-abc television group implemented restrictions for hulu and watch abc that made episodes available only after how many days after initial broadcast ?
which languages used the phags-pa script ?
where was the burial site used for testing located ?
why did the exiled polish government in london order the underground home army to seize control of warsaw prior to the arrival of the red army ?
how many touchdowns did manning have at the end of the game ?
which state has the largest number of members ?
what does rosenfield feel plays the most significant role in expanding the income gap ?
what provided an incentive to western empires to colonize africa ?
how many miles east of berlin is warsaw ?
what was it called when tesla lit a wireless gas-discharge lamp using a high-frequency , high-voltage alternating current ?
what do concentric unstacked thylakoids surround ?
when was the wedding banquet celebrated ?
what is the largest traveling fair in europe ?
what is the most important item for civil disobedience to follow through ?
when did mark woods leave abc ?
what south african industry descended from huguenot settlers ?
how many teams has manning won the super bowl with ?
what form of oxygen is composed of three oxygen atoms ?
an 1821 full size oil sketch of which famous british painting was donated by john sheepshank 's daughter in 1888 ?
what do electrostatic gradiient potentials create ?
in what year did raymond sullivan publish a study of rudimentary sets ?
by what year was selling children into slavery common among the mongols ?
what is key to getting the skills needed for high demand jobs ?
what service did verizon customers need to use to stream the game on their smartphones ?
who has the islamic liberation party attempted to assassinate ?
what is the best qb ranking that cam newton holds ?
what did john mayow name the part of air that caused combustion ?
who is the gallery of indian art named after ?
who else did datnet 1 refer to
what did saudi arabia try to repress to compensate for its loss of stature ?
developments in which scientists influenced the creation of pharmacology in medieval islam ?
what petroleum company was a super bowl sponsor ?
what attribute of humans interfered with nature 's ruthlessness in tesla 's opinion ?
what does the ctenophora use to swim ?
what western country is corporal punishment still allowed ?
how many huguenots were killed during this purge ?
what did he claim the weapon would end ?
where would the launch operations center be located , as more land was needed for a bigger rocket ?
what ended the need for abc to maintain interests in other countries ?
what treaty took the place of constitutional treaty ?
the largest objects in the v & a ceramics and glass collection were produced during which time period ?
who experimented by rolling stones and canonballs down a steep incline ?
where does the rhine river 's measurement end ?
what development did luther 's hymns translations influence ?
what slogan accompanied the 40th anniversary logo for abc ?
germany does n't have an imperialistic past until when ?
who is the trophy given to the super bowl champion named for ?
what weapons were the zulus using during the anglo-zulu war of 1879 ?
when was mueller announced and appointed as deputy associate administrator ?
what is the term when middle income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves ?
what kind of programs can be credited for abc 's success in the late 1950s ?
what investment firm offered to buy the nbc blue network from mark woods ?
what was martin parry 's role in the ipcc ?
how many nfl teams have had only one loss by the end of a regular season ?
what did newton 's mechanics affect ?
which country used to rule california ?
what does paul krugmen think has had an observable effect on inequality in the u.s. ?
are there any other aviation communities such as sierra sky park in the united states ?
when was the main gallery of the v & a 's ceramics and glass collection redesigned ?
on what is victoria 's constitution based ?
why did so many not approve of the bill ?
why do land plants have more and smaller chloroplasts ?
who kicked a field goal for denver ?
what fields have increased in influence on pharmacy in the united states ?
who designed the forest tapestry in the v & a collection ?
what movie awards show does abc currently hold the rights to ?
how much capital did danish law require to start a company ?
what is the name given to the input string of a computational problem ?
what did martin luther 's marriage allow ?
how wide is the rhine in germany ?
what aspect of the economy did genghis khan exploit for intelligence gathering ?
who received a bid in 1915 ?
who was tesla 's secretary ?
what protection caused luther 's reformation to flourish ?
when did the exploration of the interior begin ?
what is the only organization which may speak officially for the church ?
who called their system the " tesla polyphase system " ?
how many khitan tumens were there ?
by what main attribute are computational problems classified utilizing computational complexity theory ?
how many years does the v & a 's collections span ?
what year was jamukha elected gür khan ?
which company held a contest whereupon contestants could enter for a chance to have their own commercial shown during super bowl 50 ?
what device is used to treat various conditions such as carbon monoxide poisoning ?
the paternity of which of genghis khan 's sons was disputed ?
what position does demarcus currently play ?
what was the first point of the reformation ?
where did british settlers live ?
what newcastle radio station is based at the great north children 's hospital ?
when did the bantu expansion reach the area from west-central africa ?
what irish cities had huguenot mayors in the 1600s and 1700s ?
what is one supplementary source of european union law ?
by what name was the mongol army that finally conquered bulgaria known ?
how old was newton during super bowl 50 ?
how long ago did primates inhabit kenya ?
how many sites did the nfl narrow down super bowl 50 's location to ?
what type of surveys show the location of stratigraphic units in the subsurface ?
what are there no longer limitations on since 1990 ?
building printing is making it possible to flexibly construct small commercial buildings and private habitations in what amount of time ?
which spanish officer established the settlement at st. augustine ?
what happened to the ground water in the rhine during the rhine straightening program ?
what are examples of differentiated effector cells that peak during wake periods ?
where did luther describe the resting place of the saints ?
what was the name of the mongol empire 's legal code ?
what character in the play portrays civil disobedience ?
other than many sunny days , what characteristic is typical for the climate in souther california ?
what is another word for cryptophytes ?
as the moon has no atmosphere , what is prevalant in many moon rock samples brought back from apollo missions ?
what was datanet 1
what does civil disobedience relate to ?
what is ppp ?
which principle is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks ?
before which military campaign did chagatai publicly dispute jochi 's paternity ?
what was the king 's first approach to the huguenots ?
what was the patent number for tesla 's final patent ?
how many of the pitt 's planned expeditions were successful ?
which festival is held in newcastle 's gay community in mid-july ?
what do ctenophore use to capture their prey ?
what can cause salaries to go higher than the range ?
under which leader did the huguenots fight in this conflict ?
what impact did the high school education movement have on the wages of skilled workers ?
what theologian differed in views about the soul from luther ?
which group benefited from the funds distributed by the religious charity , al-haramain foundation ?
when was the polish-bolshevik war fought ?
which sea was oil discovered in ?
by what process is singlet oxygen made in the tropophere ?
what ends at this bend in the rhine ?
blue ribbons in the logo were used to represent which division of abc ?
what are two factors that directly effect how powerful a turing machine may or may not be ?
who specifically does ht target to change the opinion of ?
where did john paul ii celebrate mass in warsaw ?
what is the effect of testosterone on the male immune system ?
how many times did the broncos cause turnovers in the game ?
where was war fought ?
what type of opportunities would be expected from these counties ?
where does the ijssel branch flow ?
what river runs through warsaw ?
when were theories developed suggesting inequality may have some positive effect on economic development ?
what year did tesla avade the draft ?
what was the other finalist besides levi 's stadium ?
what aspects of life does islamism seek to integrate itself into ?
who created an index of health and social problems ?
what law connects relative velocities with inertia ?
what devices have been credited as the moving force of the industrial revolution ?
what company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with virgin media ?
graham gano kicked a field goal of how many yards ?
some chinese considered the yuan a legitimate dynasty , but what did other chinese think it was ?
when did the channel 4 documentary undercover mosque air ?
what is the safair rally known as ?
at what pressure is water heated in the rankine cycle ?
what happens to the norm when a number is multiplied by p ?
how much did advertising revenue increase for abc between 1953 and 1958 ?
what words to they think are linked to the work kenya ?
what group initiated the community dialogues ?
why was the dalek script rejected at first ?
how many astronauts was the lm intended to take from orbit of the moon to the surface of the moon ?
what year did doctor who win a peabody award ?
what did luther 's translation of the bible promote in the german language ?
what two things does pharmacy informatics bring together ?
if one computer model turns out correct , by what year would there be a nearly complete loss of rainforest in the amazon basin ?
which city is the most populous in california ?
who is most likely to teach a child at home ?
what was germany 's central interest ?
what type of organism are cyanobacteria ?
where are most working children working ?
who edited tesla 's autobiography ?
what entity did tesla believe would not be able to solve the problems of the time ?
in what year did abc stylize it 's logo as abc ?
what can the exhaust steam not fully do when the exhaust event is insufficiently long ?
how does the secondary theory say most cpdna replicates ?
which department sponsors the victoria and albert museum ?
what did tesla accidentally cause ?
what are two basic primary resources used to guage complexity ?
what is the bassin de compensation de plobsheim in alsace ?
how high is victoria 's mount bogong ?
what did luther establish as a worship service in his church ?
where is st aloysius ' college located ?
which of temüjin 's childhood friends did toghrul suggest he also enlist ?
when a commission reached no decision , what happened ?
who appoints elders ?
according to the aaa , what is the percentage of the gas stations that ran out of gasoline ?
universal paid for the secret life of pets and which other film trailer ?
when was there a armed protest at ballarat about mining taxes ?
what is another word for the earth 's upper mantle ?
who sold the upper rhine to burgundy ?
who won the elections in 1992 and 1997 ?
what network was designed by the french
what swiss city was the center of the calvinist movement ?
how many protestants live in france today ?
what is the name of the first aviation community built ?
which empire was the last one genghis khan conquered before he died ?
what is the effect of beta decay ?
who is the present quarterback of the broncos ?
who demonstrated how to create a perfect number from a mersenne prime ?
what type of animal did onlookers claim was piloting the boat ?
who conquered much of england after the end of roman imperial rule ?
who was the uighur king of qocho ranked above ?
what percentage of the land cleared in the amazon is used for growing livestock ?
who was the number two draft pick for 2011 ?
which foreign forces often meddled in the mongolian political scene ?
which borough of newcastle had a population around 259,000 ?
what is the name of the turf used in levi 's stadium for the super bowl ?
what is a derogatory term for the christian academies that arose in the wake of school desegregation ?
western imperialism divided the globe according to which theory ?
what is the force that causes rigid strength in structures ?
what is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity ?
what government set standards do all schools have to meet ?
what did kllbrandon 's report in 1973 recommend establishing ?
rudyard kipling was an influential spokesman for what ?
for what railroad did stephenson build a locomotive in 1825 ?
what is the largest city of poland ?
who does a gender pay gap tend to favor ?
along with private individuals and organizations , what groups sometimes runs ergänzungsschulen ?
where does oxygen rank by mass in the planet 's biosphere ?
how many people were on the test flight of the as-206 ?
who did the normans team up with in anatolia ?
what was the number of times the denver broncos played in a super bowl by the time they reached super bowl 50 ?
what did priestley name the gas his experiment produced ?
in what states are pharmacist clinicians given prescriptive and diagnostic authority ?
the loss of biodiversity may be the result of what , according to environmentalists ?
strang is an anglo-saxon word which means what in modern english ?
plate tectonics can be seen as the intimate coupling between rigid plates on the surface of the earth and what ?
from what does photosynthesis get oxygen ?
who hired tesla when he moved to new york ?
aside from oxides , what other compounds comprise a large portion of the earth 's crust ?
how many episodes were in the daleks ' master plan ?
when did landau propose his four conjectural problems ?
who was the first warsaw president ?
enr used data on what to rank top 400 firms as heavy contractors ?
in experiments , a bridge of what element can be built between poles of a magnet ?
how many incarnations can a time lord have ?
what resolution were the eyevision cameras changed to ?
what apollo mission was the sixth moon landing ?
what is the largest item from italy that is part of the sculpture collection ?
who taped video intros for doctor who shows in canada , that included a trivia question ?
when was warsaw completely razed to the ground by bombing raids ?
what are cestida called ?
how many major chloroplast replication models have been suggested ?
why would one want to give more punishment ?
what may a charter school require that their teachers meet the standards to be highly qualified by ?
what sin were the leaders the extremists attacked guilty of ?
when do the stated treaties apply ?
what was the title of philo 's work ?
who chartered the british east india company ?
in which episode does the first doctor see himself ?
to whom did toghrul refuse to give his daughter in marriage , angering temüjin ?
where did the grand canal start ?
what is the process by which the immune system identifies tumors called ?
what directly opposes the force applied to move an object across a surface ?
what health issue did tesla suffer ?
who was the opposing party in the runyon case ?
what was the name of the hotel the panthers chose to stay in during super bowl 50 ?
all clergy appointments are made for how long ?
what was a long term goal of french foreign policy along the rhine ?
what brand sponsored the " crash the super bowl " contest ?
what kind of audience share did mnf allow abc to attain according to goldenson ?
jean de rely 's illustrated french-language scriptures were first published in what city ?
what modern city is located on the original huguenot colony ?
civil disobedients have chosen many different kinds of what type of behaviors ?
where did kublai build his administration 's strength ?
how many bskyb channels were available to customers prior to october 2005 ?
what are rhodoplasts ' phycobilin pigments combined into ?
what can work to even the distribution of wealth ?
when did mechlin lace develop ?
what medical treatment is used to increase oxygen uptake in a patient ?
where can the complexity classes rp , bpp , pp , bqp , ma , and ph be located ?
how many seconds were left in the game when the broncos intercepted the pass that won the game ?
when did walt disney productions purchase abc 's shares in the disneyland theme park ?
what is the legal boundary behind the high and upper rind ?
in what city is the nikola tesla museum ?
how many segments did the special originally have ?
what is the name of the third , permanent huguenot church in new rochelle ?
what is the name of the largest indoor shopping centre in europe ?
what was the henry cole wing previously called ?
what type of compounds such as acetone , contain oxygen ?
helper and regulatory t cells can only recognize antigens coupled to what kind of molecules ?
who decides who gets to address the members of parliament to share their thoughts on issues of faith ?
what impact did this loss have on abercrombie ?
when was the ottoman caliphate abolished ?
who donated property to the university of chicago ?
why do carotenoids make leaves change color in the fall ?
what was the name of the launch vehicle for nasa , which north american aviation designed the second stage of ?
at the time , countries such as spain did n't have a crime against what ?
what is the first major city in the stream of the rhine ?
what was one thing that was specifically tested on the apollo 4 test launch regarding the cm ?
the academic body of the university is made up of how many divisions of graduate ?
who did shirley leave at oswego ?
which american show changed the views of romanians during the cold war ?
how much did capital cities/abc report in revenues in 1990 ?
how long has proportionality been recognized as one of the general principles of eu law ?
what did mitsubishi rename its forte to ?
when did general hospital begin airing ?
what was the name of the king of the scots ?
who was the most valuable player of super bowl xli ?
what type of geologists give information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks ?
in schmidberger v austria , the court of justice came to the conclusion that austria did n't infringe upon article 34 by failing to ban a what ?
what do the three richest people in the world posses more of than the lowest 48 nations together ?
what age does basic education start ?
what is the weight of a bushel of coal in pounds ?
what is raghuram rajan 's career ?
what is the typical annual cost for an irish private school ?
how far from the yard is the quad located ?
what song did coldplay and beyoncé collaborate on for the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
what did kenya name itself on december 12 , 1964 ?
what does graham twigg propose about the spread of disease ?
what are examples of clinical services that pharmacists can provide ?
where does the delta in the netherlands begin ?
what part of the rhine flows through north rhine-westphalia ?
where did tetzel overstate his teachings ?
as of february 2011 , how many numbers has goldbach 's conjecture been proven to ?
who would a teacher 's college be protecting ?
what does the bathocyroe and ocyropsis do to escape danger ?
what are two of its subsystems ?
what is the name of the university 's summer festival ?
how many botanical gardens does warsaw have ?
what did wiesner shout out in front of the press during a presentation by von braun ?
what was the marburg colloquy meant to establish ?
what did donald davies develop
who lectured at the newcastle library on the 20th of october in 1880 ?
who hosts the weeknight talk show featured on abc networks ?
what did luther seek to restore ?
what are apicomplexans a type of ?
what lies between l and p that prevents a definitive determination of the relationship between l and p ?
what english chemist showed that fire only needed nitoaereus ?
who did genghis khan unite before he began conquering the rest of eurasia ?
what is the duration of harvard academic year ?
what received a battering during the siege of newcastle ?
at what age did british gas plc force their workers to retire ?
what writing inspired the name great yuan ?
why might rats not be responsible for the plague ?
how did the yuan come to have the 4 schools of medicine ?
when did the yuan people suffer a series of natural disasters ?
how many extended metropolitan areas are there ?
what was the estimated population of pons aelius around the 2nd century ?
what is the power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant compared to that of an internal combustion engine ?
what is the definition of agency as it relates to capabilities ?
by what name is that first huguenot church known today ?
how many times has a super bowl taken place at miami 's sun life stadium ?
in what year did original fiction featuring doctor who appear ?
what was abu hamaz al-masri charged with when he was arrested ?
what is an example of a measurement within a complexity class that would create a bigger set of problems if the bounds were relaxed ?
what party is favored in bedigo and geelong ?
when were competition rules included in the treaty of rome ?
whose first law of motion says that unless acted upon be forces , objects would continue to move at a constant velocity ?
when did the high school education movement occur ?
how many refugees emigrated to the dutch republic ?
what were tesla 's sisters ' names ?
which country did rewe-zentrale ag wish to import from ?
what is the name of doctor who granddaughter ?
who fumbled the ball when tackled by darian stewart ?
when was ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov ?
when was the first plastome sequenced ?
what has a classification system for construction companies ?
what was nikola tesla 's ethnicity ?
what is the name of the region that is not defined by the eight or 10 county definitions ?
during 2012-2013 , how many student were able to take the core classes at a single time ?
how many appearances have the denver broncos made in the super bowl ?
what was the fort that was being built to be named ?
the los angeles rams are an example of what kind of sports team ?
in what month and year was the revised manual of regulations for private schools released ?
what happened to nearby light bulbs ?
where is kenya place on the scale in 2012 ?
what news network did abc launch in july 2004 ?
many construction companies are now placing more emphasis on what ?
what nationality is the band coldplay ?
in dioxygen how are the two oxygen atoms bonded together ?
besides declaring luther to be an outlaw and banning his works , what else was decided ?
of what form is the infinite amount of primes that comprise the special cases of schinzel 's hypothesis ?
what is to blame for the burdens in health care in kenya ?
what do government 's run that affects teachers ?
on what date did henry kissinger negotiate an israeli troop withdrawal from the sinai peninsula ?
brownlee argues disobedience can be justified toward what institutions ?
what do beriods use as teeth ?
what year did tesla die ?
what words are inscribed on the mace of parliament ?
what was the jacksonville fire later known as ?
why is the final bill passed to the monarch ?
what is an apicoplast ?
what service is a videoguard uk equipped receiver dedicated to decrypt ?
in what year was the 40th anniversary of abc 's founding ?
when was europe fully forested and recovered from the last ice age ?
what was apolitical islam ?
what legitimate dynasty came before the yuan ?
what popular environmentalist is also a university alumni member ?
what was the last doctor who episode that dudley simpson wrote music for ?
other than scotland 's chief law officer , from whence are most ministers drawn from amongst ?
with what body must a pharmacy technician register ?
in what decade did the rankine cycle create 90 % of electric power ?
who was chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations ?
wbai 's broadcasting some of george carlin 's comedy eventually led to what ?
an evaporative cooling tower is also referred to as what kind of cooling tower ?
what is thomas b. edsall 's profession ?
what dynasties inspired the chinese-like elements of kublai 's government ?
what percentage of money raised by the host committee will be used for charitable causes ?
what increases with the increase of income inequality ?
what is an interdenominational group composed of various churches to promote the gospel throughout the world ?
in which year are the meissen vulture in the v & a collection dated ?
what is a major importance of southern california in relation to california and the united states ?
what is luther 's thought about the extent of his church ?
what entity deals with eu staff issues ?
what are white blood cells known as ?
other than land laws , what else were the californios dissatisfied with ?
what is the role of teachers in education ?
completing q with respect to what will produce the field of real numbers ?
what is the taskforce that was organized to identify with the pro-life position ?
what was the first super bowl to use the standardized logo template ?
what other forces were tainted by corruption allegations ?
what councils assign tasks to the ipcc ?
what happened to the credibility of secular politics as a result of the six-day war ?
who helped temüjin rescue his wife from the merkits ?
how many students does the university of chicago have enlisted ?
after what battle did union forces return to and occupy jacksonville for the rest of the war ?
who was the hostage ?
who had toghtogha tried to defeat ?
what are two complexity classes between l and p ?
when does photorespiration happen ?
why did toghun temur dismiss toghtogha ?
to what did tesla attribute the unknown signals his radio received ?
what style were the mass constructed residential blocks designed in ?
what type of professionals are pharmacists ?
how many games did the panthers lose in the regular season before super bowl 50 ?
what is a stromule ?
what are outcomes expected with medication therapy management ?
what major category of conservation result in an object that is more attractive and more comprehensible to the viewer ?
what is the name of the trophy given to anyone who plays on the winning team in a super bowl ?
the integer factorization problem essentially seeks to determine if the value of of an input is less than what variable ?
what administrative division did kublai leave unmodified ?
how much of warsaw 's population was jewish ?
where was the practice place the panthers used for the super bowl ?
what do scholars sometimes assert that luther believed about what faith and reason were to each other ?
what was carried on extended lunar missions ?
what was kenneth swezey 's job ?
what is the estimate of how many physicians give out drugs on their own ?
what field of computer science analyzes all possible algorithms in aggregate to determine the resource requirements needed to solve to a given problem ?
when was the concept of a social market economy introduced into eu law ?
does the residential architecture of the tower district compare or contrast with other part of fresno ?
what happens after the lead melts ?
what molecules of the adaptive immune system only exist in jawed vertebrates ?
which treaty provides that the european union law be applied to metropolitan territories of member states ?
what is an important swahili settlement along the coast ?
what is the resultant force called when two forces act on a particle ?
the umc stands in oppopsition to the creation of embroys for the sake of what ?
what is the republic of kenya named after ?
what did tesla think could improve the brain 's intelligence ?
who fought in the french and indian war ?
what ended up being used for the streetcars in the place of tesla 's system ?
relegation to secondary status for abc resulted in viewership how much lower than their competitors , according to goldenson ?
who ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world ?
what enables the scottish parliament to scrutinize the government ?
where is the coldest section of victoria ?
how many base pairs are there in synechococcus dna ?
what was the steam engine an important component of ?
when have lutheran churches repudiated luther 's statements about the jews ?
what is decnet
to which century is the glass beaker called luck of edenhall dated ?
abc created what company as a production company in response to fin-syn rules ?
which article of the treaty on european union states that commissioners should be completely independent and not take instructions from any government ?
what is the exact date of the v & a 's official opening ?
what was tesla afraid someone was trying to do with his invention ?
in 1990 , what was the longest running primetime entertainment program in abc 's history ?
along with nuclear , geothermal and internal combustion engine waste heat , what sort of energy might supply the heat for a steam engine ?
how much money was to go to dumont television network under goldenson 's merger plan ?
what magazine did tesla talk to about the strange signals ?
why is the node requiered to look up
what is the minimum percent of alcohol content a german law requires all spirits and liqueurs to have ?
what is one general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings ?
when were attacks on teachers the highest ?
what did luther insist was present in the bread and wine ?
how can you protest against the government in an individual way ?
what older dynasty was replaced by the western liao , or qara khitai ?
in what century did important classical music developments occur in normandy ?
why are there more poor people in the united states and europe than china ?
what south african vice consul did harvard students blockade the speech of ?
what are the independant components of a vector sum that has been determined by scalar addition of individual vectors ?
which descendant of genghis khan sacked baghdad ?
what should a christian follow in his life ?
healing services involve the laying on of hands and what else ?
what is the main executive body of the eu ?
what did the shah do when faced with defeat by genghis khan 's forces ?
how much water does the aare give to the rhine ?
what is another term for shortening the admission event ?
when were luther and his prospective bride engaged ?
what year did doctor who first show on tv ?
in what year was supernanny canceled ?
what were the " great forces " mentioned in the article 's title ?
what is the central business district of san diego ?
what did luther not mean for the new mass to replace ?
what makes day length constant on earth ?
what do n't chloroplastidan chloroplasts have ?
what does obersee mean ?
which retired ref disagreed with the outcome of the challenge of a incomplete pass ?
what runs from the balancer in the statocyst to the comb rows ?
what city did the grand canal reach during the yuan ?
when do treaties apply ?
how was the rhine gorge formed ?
what law justified british imperialism ?
which part of china had people ranked lower in the class system ?
what can faith groups ask the presiding officer to do for them ?
how many msps are there ?
what is an annual two-day multicultural event held in newcastle in late august ?
what do the animal locomotion photographs capture ?
what is the minimum required if you want to teach in canada ?
whose ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment ?
how does kenya curb coruption ?
whose theory did tesla disagree with ?
what is the second academic school of technology in poland ?
bounding of time and space or similar measurements is often used by algorithms to define what ?
what is the worlds largest academic and private library system ?
in what year did fresno experience the most rainfall ?
what is an underbid ?
if a matter is not specifically reserved , who is it devolved to ?
how many cities in southern california have over 200,000 residents ?
why did france choose to give up continental lands ?
who , according to the text , caused cam newton to lose the ball during a tackle ?
dec originally had 3 layers but evolved into how many layers
which channels did frank marx think would be requisitioned by the u.s. army ?
in what dynasty did tianze live ?
how many general principles does the social charter declare ?
lake constance separates the german state bavaria from what other one ?
what did luther write as an outline of the new faith ?
what show did peter jennings anchor for abc ?
what is usually the goal of taking a plea bargain ?
at what wavelength do the spectrophotometric bands peak ?
what type of goals are usually done skirting the law ?
in which galleries are the french paintings donated by jones displayed ?
when did tesla enroll in austrian polytechnic ?
what does a big o notation hide ?
when was the umc formed ?
where is the science village located ?
what type of algorithm is trial division ?
how many of the episodes produced in the first six seasons are not in bbc 's archives ?
what fields of study were advanced during the yuan ?
when was the holocene ?
how are eggs and sperm released ?
when were the mongols defeated by the tran ?
what are phycobilins ?
where was the space task group located ?
what was manning 's passer rating at the end of the season ?
who managed the original theatre royal in newcastle ?
what was one location the noise readings in newcastle were taken at ?
what building is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture ?
how did luther broaden the reformation in terms of prophecy ?
what might starch grains be a side effect of ?
what title do both doctor who and the master share ?
what does kuznets ' curve predict about income inequality given time ?
cells of the site of an infection in a plant undergo what process to prevent spread of the disease ?
how much did tesla spend on the injured pigeon ?
what encoding decision needs to be made in order to determine an exact definition of the formal language ?
what is the density of all primes compatible with a modulo 9 ?
who has limited productive potential when faced with less access to education ?
how many seats must a political party have to be represented on the parliamentary bureau ?
policies which try to control unemployment support economic growth because they reduce what ?
what did virgin media claim bskyb did that resulted virgin not carrying the channels anymore ?
what complexity class is commonly characterized by unknown algorithms to enhance solvability ?
when b cells and t cells begin to replicate , what do some of their offspring cells become ?
what is the system by which prokaryotes retain phage gene fragments that they have previously come in contact with ?
bqp and qma are examples of complexity classes most commonly associated with what type of turing machine ?
what did luther do at the end of his speech ?
where do a majority of consultant pharmacists tend to work ?
to where did ethelred flee ?
in what borough is there a neighborhood called huguenot ?
that does tardis stand for ?
what video game series did alex seropian make ?
what rank for most populous city in the european union does warsaw hold ?
what basin was formed when the andes mountains rose ?
when was the parental leave directive created ?
what happened to the apollo program in for the rest of 1970 after the incident regarding apollo 13 ?
how many events occur in an engine cycle ?
how much heavier is oxygen 18 than oxygen 16 ?
what other doctrines did luther disavow about saints ?
what does the secretariat wing house ?
what is the term for a meeting of mongol chiefs ?
who threw gold into the rhine , according to legend ?
why did the demand for rentals decrease ?
what animation company worked on some of the reign of terror episodes ?
in what city is sap center located ?
who headlined the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
what type of practices did the yuan reintroduce in government ?
what type of process is the oxygen cycle ?
in what time frame did tesla weigh almost exactly the same amount ?
what process attributes new wealth to those that already have it ?
what did the gulf war inadvertently do in the early 1990s ?
approximately how many gems in reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection was given to the museum ?
what name was given to the plot to usurp power from the french house of guise ?
after the merger of disney-abc television group , abc studios , and abc entertainment , what was the resulting entity named ?
which member state declined to sign the social charter ?
what was the one linear hd channel virgin media carried from november 2006 to july 2009 ?
in what expression can one expect to find dtime ( n )
the passage of what act gave victoria its own government ?
what year was the carolina panthers franchise founded ?
what was sadat seeking by releasing islamists from prison ?
which of genghis khan 's ambassadors did the shah have beheaded ?
why should one not go to jail ?
after rejecting compulsory confession , what did luther call for ?
what type of degree must a teacher have , at a minimum ?
who had worked on the saturn series even before the apollo program began officially ?
what was the rhine considered to invaders in wwii ?
how is packet switching charecterized
how far is fresno from los angeles ?
which male child of ghengis khan and börte was born last ?
what is the historic heart of newcastle ?
what series is the longest running program in abc history ?
in what type of water does oxygen dissolve more slowly ?
what change in conditions may make the amazon rainforest unsustainable ?
who was the chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce ?
where does newly created wealth concentrate ?
who does the presiding officer submit the final bill to ?
which journal was the joint statement published in ?
what weapon did marco pole report as the cause of genghis khan 's death ?
innate cells can act as mediators in the activation of what branch of the immune system ?
who had the most rushing yards on the broncos ?
what was the name given to the regions in which the pro - slavery southerners lived ?
what vote on a bill takes place in stage 3 ?
what does the pink triangle have a range of ?
what are free-to-air encrypted broadcasts known as ?
how old was toghun temur when he became emperor ?
what skin-related symptom appears from the pneumonic plague ?
what network was known for dramas such as sherlock holmes ?
when do juvenile develop into adults ?
who designed the vince lombardi trophy ?
where in warsaw are patriotic and political objects connected with poland 's struggles for independence found ?
what company was chosen to build a two-phase ac generating system at niagara falls ?
where does khomeini 's beliefs fall as compared to mawdudi and qutb ?
what is the largest port in europe called ?
who won the nobel prize in 1905 ?
why is the statement doubtful in the eyes of scholars ?
which german architect was asked to produce a design for the museum ?
who built a castle in newcastle in 1080 ?
why did tesla sever ties with his family ?
from what type of materials must liquid oxygen be separated ?
in what year was the victoria and albert museum founded ?
how was the dutch name for the rhine originally spelled ?
what is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing nations ?
when did it retract to a inland formation ?
how many projects does the centre currently realize a year ?
who was named the president of abc news in 1977 ?
what kind of death did luther say the revolting peasants deserve ?
disney-abc television group merged with abc studios and what other entity in 2009 ?
what were two of fresno 's most beautiful architectural buildings that are now demolished ?
what percentage of france 's population is protestant today ?
what company filed a complaint with the fcc in 1934 concerning problems establishing new stations ?
philo of byzantium ____ surmised that air converted to fire
what were tesla 's mother 's special abilities ?
who has composed the doctor who incidental music since 2005 ?
when was the office of western medicine founded ?
the university was a founding force behind what conference ?
what is one of the largest city center shopping complexes in the uk ?
who is the current captian of the cricket team ?
d'olier street is named after whom ?
who led the attack of the french colony in 1565 ?
how is the plaster replica of verrocchio 's david displayed in the cast courts ?
what are the factors that are contributing to the desire to have sr 99 improved to be of interstate standards ?
when did tugh temur found his academy ?
what dynasty did zhang rhou help attack ?
where do thrust faults form ?
what makes ctenophores different from all other animals ?
the west side of fresno is the center of which ethnic community ?
when did tides and currents similar to our current system begin ?
how much did disney sell it 's stake in eurosport for in 2000 ?
what northern province in france has a large protestant population ?
what is christian perfection ?
who did kublai make the ruler of korea ?
what is the largest suspension bridge in germany ?
what do progressive moderates of islam seek to separate ?
evidence for what types of structures were found in 2003 ?
what virus did walter reed discover ?
what monastery did the saint-evroul monks establish in italy ?
how many schools of medicine were recognized in china ?
where did tesla go to feed the pigeons daily ?
how do the fees at former model c schools compare to those at other schools ?
what is one straightforward case of a probabilistic test ?
in the range between 1980 and 1990 , what did demand for grow ?
approximately how many objects comprise the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art ?
what will the " 50 " given to the super bowl winner weigh in pounds ?
how many huguenots fled france by the 1700s ?
which entity is the secondary legislative body ?
what are teachers considered to be in germany ?
which countries are represented in the far eastern collections ?
after braddock died , who controlled north american british forces ?
how did france differ from britain in managing its colonies ?
which river joins the rhine in duisburg ?
who originally produced wide world of sports for abc ?
how many types of thylakoids are there ?
how was the civil disobedience shown in antigone ?
when did setanta sports say it would launch as a subscription service ?
who did kubiak take the place of after super bowl xxiv ?
which nfl team represented the afc at super bowl 50 ?
which arts were often practiced together by the same artists ?
in which case was it held that the provisions of the treaties are directly effective if they are clear , unconditional , and do n't require further action by eu or national authorities ?
what are bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts compliant with ?
the us expansion westward could be viewed as what type of colonialism ?
what must a public school teacher have , at a minimum ?
how did the leaders of the city of bukhara respond to the mongol attack ?
what is something that teacher 's are at a high risk for ?
what un resolution endorsed the ipcc ?
what was president kennedy put off by regarding the space program ?
what did lepidodinium viride replace their original chloroplast with ?
when was the announcement for the lor made after being delayed ?
what subtle tool can be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area ?
what ideal thermodynamic cycle analyzes the process by which steam engines work ?
what was the time on the clock when carolina got the ball to their 24-yard line in the fourth quarter ?
in which year was the salting bequest ?
the two aaa clubs divided the state into a northern and southern california as opposed to what point of view ?
what crime drama debuted on abc in september 1994 ?
whose pass to jerricho cotchery was ruled incomplete ?
where did the monks flee to ?
in what year did fresno become an incorporated city ?
who were the two lay preachers that wesley ordained as presbyters ?
what color are the numbers in the super bowl 50 logo ?
this was the first time that the carolina team faced what in the post season ?
when did gou 's calendar become the official calendar of the yuan ?
how many soldiers did genghis khan take with him to khwarezmia ?
when did the university decide to start multimillion-dollar expansion projects ?
in what year did the nfl switch to a 16-game regular season ?
what is the public library seen as to kenyans ?
what would be odinga 's role in the government ?
according to agreement between iroquois and british , where was a strong house to be built ?
what is sometimes but not always counted regarding durinskia 's chloroplast membranes ?
where does the name rhine derive from ?
in how many countries did tesla hold patents ?
which of the three heavily populated areas has the least number of inhabitants ?
what company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with bskyb ?
what did the snp publicly opine about the oil revenues ?
in what year did the amazon experience its worst drought of recent history ?
what is set up to scrutinize private bills submitted by party outsiders ?
the umc believes that jesus abolished the death penalty in what bible verse ?
what supplanted frame relay and x.25
where have some workers made more than $ 100,000 ?
who is a bill referred to for a ruling on whether it 's within the powers of the parliament ?
who took control of edison 's company .
what did artur oppman give to the world ?
when was rhineland subject to the treaty of versailles ?
what type of city has warsaw been for as long as it 's been a city ?
pressures greater than what can lead to convulsions ?
when did the democratic republic of afghanistan collapse ?
when did the german army reoccupy rhineland ?
when john fox left as head coach for the broncos , who replaced him ?
where does the council meet ?
microplates squeezing and rotating created the features of what ?
to what network did sabrina the teenage witch move in 2000 ?
what covered scandinavia , the baltics , scotland , and the alps in the last ice age ?
which work of luther 's is effective in teaching children ?
why was the dutch lawyer who moved to belgium while advising a client in a social society case told he could n't continue ?
when was the palace on the water rebuilt ?
when did the packers arrive at a record of 13-0 ?
what are internet pharmacies also called ?
how long ago was it when the water broke through the purus arch ?
when did the fcc begin imposing fin-syn rules ?
how big was the vertical assembly building ?
what is another term for the pivot mounting ?
which newspaper 's parent company could not evade tax by shifting its residence to the netherlands ?
who did luther write about , but seldom met ?
thoreau argues that usually majority rules but their views collectively are sometimes ?
who was warsaw under the administration of when it came under the rule of the general goverment ?
who sets the work agenda and allocates time in the chamber ?
who made their super bowl commercial debut with nintendo ?
most of the museum 's collection had been returned by which year ?
what can proplastids become ?
what will cause the lake near the rhine to silt up ?
what did queen elizabeth ii open in newcastle in 1981 ?
what was the first picture released by abc pictures ?
what city , raided by clans and dukes , preceded the founding of warszowa ?
what co-receptor recruits molecules inside the t cell that are responsible for cell activation ?
what sort of design was this motor ?
it is now possible to convert old relative ages into what type of ages using isotopic dating ?
who would have been the lowest-ranked class ?
from whom did the huguenots purchase the land where they settled ?
who is responsible for axiomatic complexity theory ?
which three famous british potters are represented the the v & a ceramics collection ?
what did luther 's opponents think that it meant about god 's presence ?
what is left of the dinophysis chloroplasts ?
what are antimicrobial peptides that evolved as immune defense in eukaryotes called ?
when are the ashes now ?
what does the utilitarian principle seek for the greatest number of people ?
when have humans started impacting the delta ?
what does it mean for a knot to be considered indecomposable ?
in a progressive tax , what increases as the taxable base amount increases ?
to whom did william maclure submit the map ?
what is a particular problem in biology that would benefit from determining that p = np ?
the west saw themselves as what compared to the east ?
what effort was luther not particularly in favor of ?
what do power station steam turbines use as a cold sink in the absence of chp ?
in 1890 , who did the university decide to team up with ?
who is one prominent advocate of this theory ?
which university has its origins in a school dealing with medicine and surgery ?
french troops put down the camisard uprisings between what years ?
what is used to figure the relative strengh of gravity ?
what year did newcastle first develop its cycling strategy ?
what position did tesla hold in the central telegraph office ?
which company has held contests for fans to create their own ad for the company ?
what fixed set of factors determine the actions of a deterministic turing machine
what country are all the counties in ?
upon what chemical characteristic is oxygen 's solubility dependent ?
which museum would receive items on loans from the musical instruments gallery ?
how are the explanations supported ?
what is the smallest geographical region discussed ?
what can be achieved without building high or getting rid of common areas ?
who makes decisions in between the four-year meetings ?
who are fda laws against importing medications aimed at ?
when did people once again start to show an interest in tesla ?
how much of victoria 's farmland grows hay ?
how many courses must a local lay servant take ?
what high maintenance part did tesla 's ac motor not require ?
what was tesla 's salary from westinghouse in 1934 ?
where was william iron arm 's castle located ?
how was it suggested that the ipcc avoid political problems ?
in the 1980s , what cable sports channel did abc purchase ?
how often is the av festival held ?
what function does ozone perform for the planet ?
in what city is rangi ruru girls ' school ?
what is vision 2030 ?
how many soldiers did genghis khan send against kuchlug and qara khitai ?
what type of climate does kenya have ?
whose control of the uk 's government helped fuel a desire for a scottish parliament ?
what did tesla 's investors do to him ?
the church supports those persons who conscientiously oppose what ?
what 's the nickname for newcastle 's a167 ?
crew members were required to wear what type of space suit during testing after the incident ?
besides abc news , what other division was roone arledge president of ?
what time do they normally have tea ?
what art forms did luther use to connect his hymns ?
who owns the rail lines in victoria ?
what team had the best start ever in the nfl ?
who proved that air is necessary for combustion ?
whose trains serve destinations in yorkshire ?
how many meals a day do normal kenyans eat ?
where did the spring meetings of the nfl owners take place ?
who attends loreto normanhurst ?
how many residents of seville died of plague in 1649 ?
what is the area called where two plates move apart ?
prevenient grace allowas those tainted by what to make a choice to accept or reject god 's salvation in christ ?
is a problem instance typically characterized as abstract or concrete ?
who other than tesla did westinghouse consider for the patents ?
what are among the most well known experiments in structural geology ?
what should the punishment rely on instead in a just society ?
what formation has an asymmetrical pattern of different terraces ?
what was the result of the disobedience protesting the nuclear site ?
where is corporal punishment no longer practiced ?
in which london borough is the victoria and albert museum located ?
how long has the rhine coastline been in the same location ?
what can it sometimes take up to 14 years to get permission to build on ?
what public policy school found it 's home in the building that ludwig mies van der rohe designed ?
where do apicomplexans store energy ?
what kind of region can be found inside the urban area of southern california ?
when did the jin dynasty begin ?
what island does the cold water flow of the rhine and lake constance flow to ?
what group is newcastle native andy taylor the former lead guitarist of ?
who were special guests for the super bowl halftime show ?
what was the significance of british win ?
which country refused to content to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 ?
what advise did thoreau give the tax collector when unable to perform his duty ?
what did luther feel he made of christ ?
why were the uighurs ranked higher by the mongols ?
revolutionary civil disobedience towards culture is highlighted by example of who ?
in what form are most hospital medications ?
what was the name of the media day event for super bowl 50 ?
who was the panthers head coach for the 2015 season ?
classification of resources is contingent on determining the upper and lower bounds of minimum time required by what ?
the umc prohibits the celebration of what type of unions ?
when did abc begin airing dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve ?
what was the cartel of newcastle burgesses known as ?
what has had a negative impact on the labor markets in the us ?
what is the daleks ' main weakness ?
how many affiliates does sinclair broadcast group service or own ?
what is the name of espn 's streaming service that is analogous to watch abc ?
what surrounds chloroplasts ?
what would have to be increased regarding the lm and csm for the last five missions ?
after the negotiations were done what did luther experience ?
where did tesla run to avoid the army draft ?
what other catalysts can be used to produce oxygen ?
when did france take control of algeria ?
what was the building that formerly occupied the v & a 's present site called ?
who asked luther to return to the city ?
what career does joseph stiglitz have ?
what was fort caroline renamed to after the spanish attack ?
how did scientists assess the dna/rna of yersinia pestis ?
when did tesla start deliberately experimenting with x-ray imaging ?
who is called by god , affirmed by the church and ordained by a bishop ?
what types of engines are steam engines ?
what has having an eu citizenship increased ?
how many first downs did the broncos have in super bowl 50 ?
how many yards was the field goal gano made to make the score 16-10 ?
what british mathematician took pride in doing work that he felt had no military benefit ?
what are the small tentacles on cydippids called ?
where are some words from the geordia dialect used ?
who is the current president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ?
what book did martin luther translate to impact german culture ?
where was the ball recovered ?
what molecules act as defense signals ?
what is the receptor that killer t cells use to bind to specific antigens that are complexed with the mhc class 1 receptor of another cell ?
what is chemical energy used to produce in plants ?
which australian tv station has run doctor who since 1965 ?
when did the european council task an entity with drafting a european charter of human rights ?
where was temüjin 's patron toghrul exiled ?
who named the apollo missions ?
what famous july fourth holiday movie did fox pay to advertise a sequel of during the super bowl ?
what do high levels of inequality prevent beyond economic prosperity ?
who is the general manager for the broncos ?
when did tesla begin working for the continental edison company ?
when was apollo 6 , or as-502 , tested ?
how many main flows are branched off from the nederrijn ?
what is the purpose of the aser ?
packet switching contrast with what other principal
in what process is the uptake from oxygen necessary ?
which country 's arms purchase from the us became 5 times more than israel ?
ediacaran eoandromeda can be regarded to represent what ?
in what year did pierre de fermat declare fermat 's little theorem ?
who were the current rights holders for the primer league ?
complement proteins bind to what kind of molecules on the surface of microbes in order to elicit an immune response ?
what is the central article of the christian doctrine ?
who are commonly associated with the algorithm typically considered the most effective with respect to finite polynomial hierarchy and graph isomorphism ?
what is the name of the cbs affiliate in fresno ?
which group seeks to reconceive and promote biblical holiness in today 's church ?
what is the seldom used force unit equal to one thousand newtons ?
what other visual phenomena accompanied tesla 's visions ?
what type of fossils were found in china ?
which laws mentioned predate eu law ?
what type of studies explored student motivation ?
who performed a benefit concert for the charity children in need ?
where did yesun temur die ?
what is the largest city in all of california ?
what group can teachers in wales register with ?
how large are the outer pd ring 's filaments ?
under what treaty can the european commission take action against member states ?
what river does warsaw straddle ?
which archaeologist proposed the idea that the amazon rainforest could n't sustain large populations ?
what might the government require a teacher have before being allowed to teach ?
what cultural festival is the sama festival ?
although not a fuel ___ is the chemical compound the generates the most occurrence of explosions .
from what project groups were the apollo astronauts selected ?
name one of the causes of immunodeficiency .
what is the dispensary subject to in a majority of countries ?
how did saint-pierre respond to washington ?
what light radiation does ozone absorb ?
what is the largest city in poland ?
if two thirds of the rhine flows through the maas , where doe the other one third flow through ?
how many awards has doctor who been nominated for , over the years ?
which company sponsored a contest called " small business big game " ?
oxygen exists in the atmosphere by way of what ?
when was the prime number theorem proven ?
how does the level of tuition in german private schools compare to private schools in other western european countries ?
how many bafta tv awards has doctor who won ?
what is the proto-germanic adaptation of the name of the rhine ?
which cathedral is located in fenham ?
what school model is sweden notable for ?
which country had trading posts in india before britain ?
who is the costa rican president that went to harvard ?
what columbia president went to harvard ?
when was the first sino-japanese war ?
who do coordinating lead authors report to ?
how many members make up the judicial council ?
what treaty ended the wars of religion ?
what court is able to interpret european union law ?
who was announced as the lem contractor in november 1962 ?
at what university is bellomy field located ?
the epidemic in newcastle was the most what in any british city at the time ?
along with toys , where are oscillating cylinder steam engines typically used ?
when did the church reform begin ?
what type of impact can the residents of newcastle expect the city 's noise to have on them ?
where is the hyde park day school located ?
what series was created by former doctor who producer russell t. davies ?
britain 's support of france in which war led to rodin donating many of his sculptures to the v & a ?
what department in the u.s. spearheaded the efforts against islamism ?
on what day does a general question time take place ?
problems capable of theoretical solutions but consuming unreasonable time in practical application are known as what ?
what does atp store ?
how many people was the cm designed to carry in the end ?
what shape are pyrenoids ?
what was the most notable publication of tugh 's academy ?
who did the super bowl 50 national anthem ?
who first described dynamic equilibrium ?
secular arab nationalism was blamed for both the defeat of arab troops as well as what type of stagnation ?
in which year was the musical instruments gallery closed ?
phagocytosis first evolved as means of doing what ?
why did the 5th president of the university decide to get rid of the football program ?
what australian channel shows first-run doctor who episodes ?
what act sets forth the functions of the scottish parliament ?
what fish living in the amazon river is known to bit humans ?
what animals did tesla care for ?
why did tesla go to karlovac ?
combs are called what ?
what was the average cost for a tv ad lasting 30 seconds during super bowl 50 ?
what are the principal cash crops in kenya ?
which shaman 's proclamation aided temüjin 's rise ?
how many buildings were razed by the jacksonville fire ?
who discovered the compton effect ?
how many passing yards did cam newton get for his 4 of 4 passes ?
what is the name for o3 most often used ?
which of luther 's hymn was the main one for advent ?
why does unemployment harm growth ?
who is the commissioner of the nfl ?
who responded to lindzen 's criticisms ?
what was the hymn based on ?
what did luther speak out about in saxony ?
what happened to prompt nasa to record over archived magnetic tapes ?
when did general hospital first debut on abc ?
ministers of what faith were trained by the university in early years ?
the term imperialism has been applied to western countries , and which eastern county ?
who were responsible for the interior decorations of the green dining room ?
what year did the the saints hit a 13-0 record ?
who translated this version of the scriptures ?
who is the founder of the salvation army ?
what city later became beijing ?
how to baptized members become professing members ?
who designed the wrought iron gates that was used to embellish the east side of the building ?
what notion keeps it 's meaning through both netonian and schrodinger physics equations ?
approximately how many items from the islamic world are held in the v & a collection ?
what is william rankine 's nationality ?
what is the newer , more widely accepted theory behind the spread of the plague ?
which south asian island nation is represented in the v & a collection ?
based on population alone , what is jacksonville 's ranking in the united states ?
how do chloroplasts trigger the plant 's immune system ?
what is an alternate way to make starch ?
where does the newcastle student radio station broadcast from during terms ?
some species of beroe have a pair of strips of adhesive cells on the stomach wall . what does it do ?
in which year did genghis khan 's grandson invade kievan rus ' ?
what product was notably shipped in vessels equipped with double and triple expansion engines ?
what bus company in newcastle provides the majority of services south of the river ?
what is one country that has been suggested for importation of medicines ?
a mermaid stopped to rest on the sandy beach by what village ?
in which year did genghis khan strike against the tanguts ?
what is jacksonville 's hottest recorded temperature ?
the v & a library 's collection of illuminated manuscripts are dated to which centuries ?
who is required to verify and have existing utility lines marked ?
what is the start of the salary year ?
what khitan leader defected to the mongols ?
what is the dutch word for the amazon rainforest ?
in what year was the apollo program announced ?
who wrote that imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism ?
what does the ciliary rosettes do to decease bulk and increase density ?
what did he light at his laboratories to demonstrate his wireless power transmission ?
who was the game 's top receiver ?
to calculate instant angular acceleration of a rigid body what would you use ?
who compiled the original surviving apollo 11 landing data ?
which book discussed the theory about low populations in the amazon rainforest ?
how common was the form of corporal punishment in the past ?
hormones released during sleep support the interaction of t-cells and what species ?
what is the mongolian name for the original place of the genghis khan mausoleum ?
what radio station is located at 103.5fm on the dial in denver ?
who was keeping pressure and showing disagreements for the lor , even in front of the president ?
what is the name of the european union agency for external border security ?
which channel did the 5 applications request for broadcast ?
what is essential for the successful execution of a project ?
a decision made by what entity restored tesla 's patents ?
what effect did the plague have on the middle east ?
what mechanism moves coal from a bunker to the firebox ?
at what time is the harvard-yale rivalry set aside ?
how concentrated do the hydrogen ions get in the thylakoid space ?
who was bill aiken 's adopted mother ?
what body in india provides policy directions to schools ?
imperialism often divides countries by using which technique ?
what is the atomic number of the element oxygen ?
which organizations most commonly divide and promote the state ?
what did stephen kemble guide the theatre royal through ?
what impact did the high school education movement have on the presence of skilled workers ?
combustion is caused by an oxidant and a fuel . what role does oxygen play in combustion ?
what does the phrase " taking coals to newcastle " mean ?
when was the apollo project conceived ?
what do the leaders of the opposition parties and other msps question the first minister about ?
when were shimer college students allowed to transfer to the university of chicago ?
after what event did the spanish concede florida to britain ?
what is an example of an article of uniform clothing typically present in australian private schools ?
what percentage of money raised was earmarked for causes in the san francisco area ?
what is the most important thing apicoplasts do ?
what did the richest 400 americans have as children that helped them be successful adults ?
the umc condemns what type of punishment ?
what did luther call good works that existed solely to attract god 's favor ?
who was responsible for the new building projects in jacksonville ?
what relationship with israel is sadat for ?
what work of luther 's is seen as a clear religious teaching ?
what school was walter camp a captain for the football team ?
in some countries over how many steps can it take to build on government land ?
what is the estimate for the amount of tree species in the amazon tropical rain forest ?
what is the force called rgarding a potential field between two locations ?
what does the ipcc not do ?
where did the first shipment of minerals ship from ?
what food bacteria is an example of intracellular pathogenesis ?
what techniques can be used to determine paleotopography ?
what was the percentage of non-hispanic whites in 2010 ?
during which period did jacksonville become a popular destination for the rich ?
in what sort of places are dry cooling towers used ?
what does quadratic reciprocity seek to achieve ?
what did frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers begin to do ?
what characteristic in recent years has been strongly tied with health in developed countries ?
how many intercpetions did newton have in super bowl 50 ?
how many inhabitants did betty meggers believe could occupy each square kilometre of the amazon ?
when did the age of imperialism end ?
in which city was tesla 's consultant job for westinghouse ?
which leaders did the islamic extremists attack ?
who tipped peyton 's pass for an interception ?
what apollo mission was first cancelled due to not being needed to build the skylab in space , as it was pre-built on the ground ?
how much money did john jacob astor iv provide tesla with ?
when is the first reference in history to warsaw ?
who ordered loudoun to attack louisbourg ?
what city did super bowl 50 take place in ?
how many men older than 18 are there for every 100 women ?
how much lower was the north sea in the last cold phase than it is today ?
how much can the sp alter income tax in scotland ?
who intercepted a manning pass , giving the ball back to the panthers ?
what was the trend of female student population from 1970s and deyond ?
when did huguenots colonize in north america ?
what must a teacher show towards the course materials for increase learning ?
where did luther go on 17 july 1505 ?
which building was the nfl experience held at for super bowl 50 ?
where do most teachers get their credentials from ?
clergy usually serve as what in local congregations ?
what does warsaw 's mixture of architectural styles reflect ?
in what year did abc 's viewership end in 4th place behind the other major networks ?
what techniques did chinese medicine include ?
what types of european groups were able to avoid the plague ?
what is the current main judicial body of the eu ?
what are both branko milanovic and joseph stiglitz ?
what job did tesla 's father have in gospic ?
what was ntl telewest re-branded to in 2007 ?
what did iqbal 's allahabad address inspire ?
what is the search feature on the v & a website called ?
what production company produced the animated series the flintstones for abc ?
where did the jin emporer relocate his capital after genghis khan overran the norther part of his empire ?
what element is used as a coolant in the process of making liquid oxygen ?
what is a growing sport in southern california ?
what was the name of the event at the the embarcadero that was held prior to super bowl 50 to help show off some of the things that san francisco has to offer ?
who was the most influential researcher among those grappling with the deficit of work surrounding the complexity posed by algorithmic problems ?
what are chromoplasts ?
what was the yuan 's unofficial state religion ?
what was another possible reason that tesla and edison did not get the award ? .
what is the bad air theory officially known as ?
when did the warsaw uprising begin ?
who makes up the bbc commentary team with greg brady and rocky boiman ?
why were the initial suggestions for a devolved parliament before 1914 shelved ?
the classification of aspects of the amazon forest is important for mapping what type of emission ?
what minimalist composer is also a university graduate ?
what was the date of tesla 's death ?
what did luther use to celebrate worship ?
what was the base rate for a 30-second ad during super bowl 50 ?
who was an important figure in the twentieth-century islamic revival in india ?
what was the price of oil in march of 1974 ?
where was the 1893 world 's columbian exposition held ?
how many people , at most , have died of plague in baghdad ?
how many people could apollo be projected to hold ?
what was first battle in 1754 ?
who invented a high-pressure steam engine around 1800 ?
what did the works council directive require ?
the tower district is centered around which historic theatre ?
in latin america what is the most revered skin color ?
how many members are on the warsaw city counil ?
when did building activity in the palaces and churches take place in the later decades of ?
why is it preferred that civil disobedience is non violent ?
the mitchell tower is designed to look like what oxford tower ?
how many panthers were designated all-pro ?
what type of insect employs the use of prime numbers in its evolutionary strategy ?
how has civil disobedience evolved in current times ?
what were these indulgences supposed to grant the giver ?
southern california 's distinctive regions are divided culturally , politically and what other trait ?
what is the name of the fund that focuses on youth , community and sustainable environments ?
what do a plant 's chloroplasts descend from ?
what was isiah bowman nick name , as known by the public .
in what year did bankamericard change its name ?
what river runs alongside jacksonville ?
which pope sought to undermine luther 's theories ?
what do the strains of y. pestis suggest abut the plague ?
what were the three parts of kublai 's government ?
what health problem did tesla have in 1879 ?
what occurs after a dive in which a diver decompresses too quickly ?
how much saharan dust is blown and falls upon the caribbean sea each year ?
what health condition can deep sea diving cause ?
where did support from governmental and religious groups come from ?
what are the main legislative bodies of the european union ?
what countries are used as an example of harsher discipline with successful education ?
where does the rhine make a distinctive turn to the north ?
who is the field director of the nfl ?
which conjecture holds that for any positive integer n , there is an infinite amount of pairs of consecutive primes differing by 2n ?
where did moncalm slip away to attack , left largely unprotected ?
southern california is second to which island in terms of famous serf breaks ?
indigenous territories are largely being destroyed in what two ways ?
what chinese-style name did rinchinbal use ?
at what temperature do weak and electromagnetic forces appear the same ?
what was the percentage of a female householder with no husband present ?
killer t cells can only recognize antigens coupled to what kind of molecules ?
when is sky going to introduce uhd broadcasts ?
in which case did the court state that austria was not allowed to hold places in austrian schools exclusively for austrian students ?
when did abc first premiere who wants to be a millionaire ?
what was the third city that was considered ?
how were leaders back in europe feeling about news from celeron expedition ?
what day of the week are general elections held ?
what king and former huguenot looked out for the welfare of the group ?
what did the early entrant program do for potential students ?
what is the largest independent library outside of london ?
from which countries were the v & a 's collection of delftware produced ?
what seldom mutates ?
in what year was there an attempt to withdraw the umc membership ?
what was the incident over taxes at ballarat called ?
how large across are chloroplasts in land plants ?
how much had westinghouse paid to tesla , brown and peck ?
school desegregation in the united states led to an increased number of students of what ethnicity in public schools ?
what story of little truth is a pillar of history ?
what things did the network concentrate on
where did maududi 's books place islam ?
did the european court of justice rule the defendant in the case of commission v. edith cresson broke any laws ?
about how many walloons and huguenots emigrated to england and ireland in this era ?
what did luther get implicated in concerning philip i ?
what is the universal band that digital recievers will receive free to air channels on ?
when did the il-khanate experiment with paper money ?
when was the outbreak of world war i ?
who were later yuan emperors isolated from ?
who inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local building code ?
how much literature has been written regarding civil disobedience ?
how are the votes weighted to ensure that smaller states are n't dominated by larger ones ?
what scientist told the french academy of sciences that he had found how to liquefy oxygen ?
in the 1980s what was the population of the amazon region ?
were the tapes able to be restored and processed without destroying historical legitimacy or did some aspects of the tapes lose legitimacy ?
what was newcastle named as the most type of city in the uk ?
who discovered pottery found on black hammock island ?
what is the fastest growing area in the pharmaceutical industry ?
what type of committee is set down under the sp 's standing orders ?
what will the output be for a member of the language of a decision problem ?
what did industry do to the rhine until the 1980s ?
what has the highest impact on wealth accumulation and the resulting income inequality ?
in what city is the moscone center located ?
who may teachers ignore , in order to prioritize attention ?
what event would necessitate airline passengers to need a supplemental supply of oxygen ?
what are frets ?
how did tesla finance his work ?
what term is used to explain a change in the appearance of doctor who ?
what was tesla 's monthly consultant salary ?
how does cooling of the local environment affect the mnemiopsis ?
what were ntl 's services rebranded as ?
the v & a has the world 's most comprehensive collection of sculptures from which period ?
who bought the factory in 2005 ?
what do all but one platycenida species lack ?
ctenophora are less complex than which other phylum ?
who was tesla influenced by while in school ?
what does newcastle have a proud history of ?
on what did tesla blame for the loss of the initial money ?
what was abc 's logo based on after the abc-upt merger was finalized ?
in what year was roger ii made king ?
for most organisms , what is the dominant system of defense ?
which one of fresno 's hotels burned down ?
what person helped establish the school with a donation ?
noble acquired a loan from what entity to keep abc solvent in 1951 ?
what type of prime distribution does the riemann hypothesis propose is also true for short intervals near x ?
near chur , which direction does the rhine turn ?
what does the steam generated by a nuclear power plant drive ?
who was the first president and director of programming for abc entertainment ?
how many casualties did british get ?
besides the study of prime numbers , what general theory was considered the official example of pure mathematics ?
along with sport and art , what is a type of talent scholarship ?
to which period is the largest item from italy that is included in the sculpture collection dated ?
what were british plans against french ?
what were mohammedanism and the turk ?
what percent of the muslim population lives in kenya 's coastal region ?
what was the nickname given to the team samuel phillips was appointed to ?
when was a study published confirming the 2001 ipcc projections ?
what are apicoplasts missing ?
what holiday coincided with the first showing of series two ?
what position does danny trevathan play ?
what kind of war did luther support against the turks , even if he did not oppose a religious war ?
what is unusual about c4 plants ' chloroplasts ?
iqbal worried that india 's mostly hindu population would do what to muslim heritage and culture ?
what are the two abc affiliates for kansas city , missouri ?
how many residents does the greater metropolitan area have ?
when was the sale of nbc blue to edward john noble authorized ?
what is the weather type of mallee and upper wimmera ?
who was the most valuable player for the 2015 nfl season ?
how old are the fossils found that represent ctenophhores ?
who handled pre-game coverage on westwood one ?
the oil crisis caused oil companies to increase oil supplies in which area ?
how many streetcars did the fresno traction company operate in 1931 ?
what is the maximum square miles did betty meggers claim that can be sustained in the rainforest ?
in the philippines , what percentage of secondary school students attend private schools ?
why did berlin huguenots switch to german from french in their services ?
what innovation in mongolian language is credited to genghis khan ?
which california venue was one of three considered for super bowl 50 ?
how many muslims came from around the world to fight in afghanistan ?
what season was it when genghis khan took xiliang-fu from the tanguts ?
western governments considered islamists to be the lesser of two evils when compared to whom ?
in what years did doctor who originally show on tv ?
who receives higher salaries at private schools that charge higher tuition ?
who scored the first points for denver ?
what is the jelly-like susbtance called ?
during glacial times , where was the mouth of the rhine located ?
what is the name of an algebraic structure in which addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined ?
how is the pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world ?
who was the nfl commissioner in early 2012 ?
how long ago did oxygen reach 10 % of its present level ?
policies which reduce the inequality associated effects of unemployment support what type of growth ?
between brakel and what other city can the most landward tidal influence be detected ?
of what form do mersenne primes take ?
what do these teachers not do ?
what percentage of australia 's dairy cattle are found in victoria ?
in 1949 , abc had less coverage than what competing networks ?
other than downtown san bernardino , and university town , what is the name of another business district in the san bernardino-riverside area ?
against what country was kennedy promising superiority over ?
what denomination is the diocesan school for girls in auckland affiliated with ?
what does ctenophore use to capture prey ?
what did protestant nobles form the following year after the signing of the augsburg confession ?
what type of combustion does the slow reaction of triplet oxygen prevent ?
where did the pharmacist stand in relation to the emperor 's personal physicians ?
what motor did they end up using instead of the one tesla wanted ?
where did tesla go upon leaving gospic ?
who else did luther use violent rhetoric towards ?
what present day county is new rochelle in ?
in what venue did super bowl xix take place ?
who initially wanted more unmanned testing done regarding the lm ?
to reduce the chances of combustion ___ is required for safely handeling pure o .
who donated rodin 's works to the v & a ?
when did syria and egypt launch a surprise attack on israel ?
who was the first person in space ?
what was the ideal duty of a newcomen engine ?
when was opec production of oil being surpassed ?
how are air force messages delivered
the church emphasizes the need to be in supportive ministry of what group ?
what did davies want to build
how many doctor who soundtracks have been released since 2005 ?
what position does jerricho cotchery play ?
what team was the winner of super bowl xxxiii ?
what brought the downfall of jacksonville filmmaking ?
how many teams have had a 15-1 record for the regular season ?
where do cacti have chloroplasts ?
when did zhu publish 'jade mirror of the four unknowns ' ?
what alumni member also write the bestseller before i fall ?
who won the super bowl mvp ?
what was the goal of this roman disobedience ?
southern california had a population of 22,680,010 according to the census from which year ?
who won the battle of lake george ?
when did michael eisner first join abc ?
what are the two different types of immunity ?
what organization argued that drought , among other effects , could cause the amazon forest to reach a " tipping point ? "
what 2015 nfl team one the afc playoff ?
other than new york where did tesla conduct experiments ?
what gets the z-ring in the right place ?
what happened to the rate of flow in the rhine during the rhine straightening program ?
in china , this person inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by silt deposition , what was his name ?
what is an example of an np-intermediate problem not known to exist in p or np-complete ?
warsaw 's sidewalks and sanitation facilities are some examples of things which have what ?
under goldenson 's merger plan , what would the new entity be named ?
what is the grace that we receive by faith and trust in god ?
how many miles does the dust travels over the atlantic ocean ?
what is the glacial alpine valley known as ?
how many nobel laureates are among the school alumni ?
over 100 egyptian police were victims of what group 's campaign of terror ?
in what year did warszowa become the official capital of the masovian duchy ?
what can be considered as a function of market price of skill ?
after ww-ii where did russia apply its old tsarist regimes ?
when was he elected by nixon ?
when was the rhine crisis ?
how was the efficiency of a steam engine typically evaluated ?
who expounded the three laws of motion ?
what industry was centered in bedfordshire ?
what are the phagocytes that are located in tissues in contact with the external environment called ?
who became king in 1643 ?
this person proposed explanations for the origins of earthquakes and the formation of mountains , what was his name ?
when did wei yilin die ?
what other scientist influence frank burnet when he was formulating his theory of immunity ?
what company owned nbc in the 1930s ?
how many cylinders does the energiprojekt ab engine have ?
what was the last name of the designers of newcastle 's library ?
who founded woodward park ?
what were the astronauts wearing during the dual mission as-278 ?
what kind of t cells have the purpose of modulating the immune response ?
which other ancient organism formed basic immune mechanisms ?
what were the names of tesla 's new partners ?
what is stratigraphy ?
about many students attend kunskapsskolan schools ?
what do the waal and the nederrijn-lek discharge throguh ?
where will a canonball dropped from the crow 's nest of a ship land according to aristotle ?
jenggis is the adjectival form of what word ?
in computational complexity theory , what is the term given to describe the baseline abstract question needing to be solved ?
in what area of this british colony were huguenot land grants ?
what are three kinds of phagocytes ?
where was itv tyne tees based for over 40 years ?
what happens to the working fluid in a closed loop system ?
what is the name of the co-ed community service fraternity ?
what does the ten commandments ask of the christians ?
why did warsaw become the capital of the commonwealth ?
who holds the record for largest simulcast of a tv drama ?
after the oligocene period , under what period did the amazon rainforest begin to expand ?
what was the name of the leader through the great depression and world war ii ?
who was frédéric chopin ?
which two courts apply european union law ?
how did luther 's tutors advise him to test what he learned ?
where are america 's oldest collection of maps , gazettes , and atlases housed ?
where did he work on the oscillators ?
what did france offer that was rare by imperial standards ?
how much does 17.7 % of the population live on a day ?
what happens to the jellyfish nematocysts when they are eaten by the haeckelia ?
what was the uk governments benefits agenchy checking in 2012 ?
name a luxury division of toyota .
what immune system is activated by the innate response ?
who did the fcc rule in favor of in the april 2000 dispute between time warner cable and abc ?
who did the nif regime harbor prior to 9/11 ?
what are engines using four expansion stages known as ?
what is the name of the desert near the border of nevada ?
what famous person congratulated him ?
survivial is at the heart of what concept for workers ?
savannah areas expanded over the last how many years ?
if 1 were to be considered as prime what would the sieve of eratosthenes yield for all other numbers ?
who did abc sell the rights to all my children and one life to live to ?
what is the rhine gorge listed as ?
interest groups and government agencies that were concerned with energy were no match for who ?
approximately how many names were signed on an online petition on the parliamentary website in response to the closing of the musical instruments gallery ?
what action by luther added to antisemitism in germany ?
what channel did abc proposed to compete with cable news company cnn ?
what has the avoidance of men to become teachers caused , in some areas ?
what kind of disorders occur when part of the immune system is n't active ?
despite the presburger problem , and in view of intractability , what has been done to establish solutions in reasonable periods of time ?
what was the resolution of the cameras used in the eyevision 360 system ?
colonial rule would be considered what type of imperialism ?
what percentage of warsaw 's population was protestant in 1901 ?
what is a protein that is closely intertwined with circadian rhythms ?
what conditions must be met for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid ?
what did n't newton 's mechanics affext ?
what museum in newcastle is dedicated to children 's books ?
what time of day did these reformed supposedly gather to engage in huguenot rituals ?
what do closed rivers serve as after they close ?
how many acl injuries has thomas davis had during his career ?
what time period did the geoglyphs date back to ?
what did virgin media concentrate on instead of offering linear channels ?
in addition to english , what language is also often taught in nepalese private schools ?
how did the better jacksonville plan generate money ?
how many vector equations did heaviside and gibbs reformilate maxwell 's 20 scalar equtions into ?
when did luther 's writings to spread to france , england and italy ?
who won the competition to get a free super bowl commercial aired ?
what is kenya the home of ?
which super bowl , after the 50th one , will begin have roman numerals in the title again ?
which carolina panthers wide receiver suffered a torn acl before the season began ?
what compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies ?
how much of poland 's national income does warsaw produce ?
when was the scale to measure the rhine introduced ?
what will maidens be able to predict by floating their wreaths down the vistula ?
what does the water flow of the rhine merge with after flowing through merwede ?
what does 'gram-negative ' mean ?
what is the name of the united kingdom operation for bskyb ?
some of the museum 's collection of korean boxes are inlaid with what objects ?
who was it essential to islam to imitate ?
what are the points of algebro-geometric objects ?
what made the oil crisis worse in the us ?
big o notation provides autonomy to upper and lower bounds with relationship to what ?
william would eventually gain what throne ?
who said that writing a good description of civil disobedience is hard ?
when would a person be considered to be excising a constitutional impasse ?
what does the flow of the rhine being visible depend on ?
what are cilia used for ?
who recovered a manning fumble ?
what type of math was advanced during the yuan ?
in the united states , what is a usual turbine speed with 60 hertz of power ?
name one country that banned boating , driving and flying on sundays .
most power of what sort is generated by steam turbines today ?
what did the ominde commission do ?
what denomination operates st joseph 's college ?
when did sunday night football premiere on nbc ?
how many points are there in the foundation of the reformation ?
what might also be required of a teacher to pass , in addition to certification ?
what book was iqbal 's seven english lectures published as ?
what position did rivera play in super bowl xx ?
what word was luther criticized for adding in romans3:28 ?
what term resulted from dioscorides ' book ?
what did charles parsons invent ?
which car shows the dot 's revision of categories ?
what are the most abundant kind of phagocyte ?
what is the boundary between the high and upper rhine ?
who was the first person to play the master ?
what garden was formally only for royalty ?
what form do complex gaussian integers have ?
when was scotland invaded by william ?
how were enemy prisoners used tactically by mongol armies ?
who was the ally of his father that genghis khan fell out as time passed ?
who is the nfl 's vice president of brand and creative ?
what percentage of seats did political parties identifying as islamist win in the egyptian parliamentary election of 2011-2012 ?
when people take on debt , it leads potentially to what ?
for each of the 28 member states , how many commissioner 's are represented for each one ?
how many days does the parliament have to nominate a first minister after a general election ?
what territory was ceded to britain ?
what does mnemiopsis eat ?
how many nations are within the amazon basin ?
what is the most likely effect of breathing oxygen ?
what kind of economy does victoria have ?
what will be the importance of the pharmacist in coming decades ?
how many times did the denver defense force newton into turnovers ?
geoglyphs dating to what period were found in deforested land along the amazon river ?
what was the name of temüjin 's laws ?
who does the statue of little insurgent commemorate ?
whose relics reside in the becket casket ?
when was abc1 discontinued because of low viewership ?
what happened in 1901 ?
what did tesla tell brisbane he did n't believe in ?
what state constitutional amendments make reference to the government funding religious schools ?
what first prompted the regeneration concept ?
what is a type of disobedience against the federal government ?
in what year did massachusetts first require children to be educated in schools ?
in what country was the doctor who film not successful enough to spawn a series ?
what is lower in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries ?
who brought together the former rivals at the signing ceremony ?
where was abc marine world opened ?
what is reduced by using plastid transformation for gene modification ?
who directed stormy monday ?
in which year did the v & a 's word and image department began a large scale digitization project ?
what is the bielany forest the last remnant of ?
whose theory was the theory of continental drift ?
some debate that there is a correlation between capitalism , imperialism , and what ?
what may also be required of teachers , in some areas ?
where do ctenophores be found in large numbers ?
what ethnic neighborhood in fresno had primarily japanese residents in 1940 ?
what is the name for a response of the immune system that damages the body 's native tissues ?
who is the only quarterback to win a super bowl with two teams ?
to which year has the antwerp city hall doors in the v & a collection been dated ?
what type of curricula is it that a teacher may likely follow ?
which part of the museum received the first major post-war work ?
what was the name of the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction ?
who said the homeless in the area would have to leave ?
what jewish practice did the yuan ban ?
what florida stadium was considered for super bowl 50 ?
who might temüjin have been named after ?
how many times was cam newton sacked in super bowl 50 ?
how many square kilometers is the amazon basin ?
who did luther think was behind the antinomian theses circulating in wittenberg ?
what was the pedestrian mall renamed ?
what does atp synthase change into atp ?
what was the harvard endowment total in 2011 ?
who demonstrated the egg of columbus ?
how many astronauts visited space on missions and were rewarded for their efforts ?
what is the study of proteins involved in immune response known as ?
downtown santa monica and downtown glendale are a part of which area ?
what is the name of the tv scrambling system bskyb uses ?
what is the name of the current refurbishment the system is undergoing ?
what has the infrastructure done a lot of over the past years ?
when were the public housing developments built in the neighborhood ?
in what process is singlet oxygen usually formed ?
ip and am are most commonly defined by what type of proof system ?
what do some community pharmacies do ?
how do the yes/no answers of a complement problem of np appear ?
what is the name of the egyptian papyrus that suggests that they may have had knowledge of prime numbers ?
what are ftsz1 and ftsz2 ?
what fields medal winning mathematician is a faculty member at harvard ?
what type of wages result from jobs where there is low supply but high demand ?
where do transport vesicles move between ?
what organization is the ipcc a part of ?
what index is an indicator of the effects of taxes applied to social spending ?
paramount paid fo , 10 cloverfield lane and which other film trailer to be aired during the game ?
why would a person chose civil disobedience against specific laws ?
time and space are both examples of what type of resource ?
who did the army siege belong to ?
in 2004 the orange revolution occurred in what country ?
how many people may have lived in the amazon region during ad 1500 ?
how many years must a local pastor attend a course of study at united methodist approved seminary ?
how long does the members debate last ?
how much was the emergency aid to israel ?
what did luther think that faith could not be understood by ?
who picked off cam newton and subsequently fumbled the ball ?
what do gravitational forces act between ?
who had five sacks in nine games as a carolina panthers starter ?
what is preserved in a closed system of forces when acted upon ?
what is " the gate " ?
what changes macroscopic closed system energies ?
how many avulsions have occurred in the past 6000 yeas ?
when large groups of people all boycott a system or do n't pay taxes it can be considered ?
if q=9 and a=3,6 or 9 , how many primes would be in the progression ?
what principle relates to the formation of faults and the age of the sequences through which they cut ?
what is the exchange of heat associated with ?
what type of beings does doctor who usually take with him on his travels ?
why did westinghouse not secure a patent for a similar motor ?
how many were killed by plague in naples in 1656 ?
how many people were involved in the study ?
what type of layout does newcastle 's streets have in many parts ?
who are some of the best rally drivers that have won the rally ?
what was the civil disobedience performed at the test site ?
what persons were not allowed to settle in new france ?
who led richard 's troops when cyprus was conquered ?
who designed the illumination systems that tesla electric light & manufacturing installed ?
king sigimund 's column is an example of what kind of attraction in warsaw ?
what was the purpose of the turks in luther 's mind ?
what did the reforms cause ?
by what process can active immunity be generated in an artificial manner ?
what was the ultimate development of the horizontal engine ?
what modern-day country was tesla born in ?
although southern california consts of a heavily developed urban environment , how much of it has been left undeveloped ?
what did tesla do in maribor for work ?
what company won a free advertisement due to the quickbooks contest ?
what did the church do when luther refused to retract his writings ?
who was the new elector of saxony ?
when rock formations are found on top of a fault that have not been cut , then they must be older or younger than the fault ?
what is the name of the residential treatment program the university runs ?
who recovered tolbert 's fumble ?
from 2004 to 2005 harvard reduced the number of students earning latin honors from 90 % to what ?
what method is used for tallying votes in the second vote of the ballot ?
who decides the fate of protesters most of the time ?
gandhi often referenced shelley 's poem in his efforts to do what ?
when did great britain claim australia ?
ctenophores and cnidarians are classified as what ?
economy , energy and tourism is one of the what ?
who was genghis 's 3rd son ?
what comedian is also a university graduate ?
how many original treaties establishing the eu protected fundamental rights ?
when did sideline jackets and hats start to feature gold-trimmed logos ?
in 2005 , approximately how many members were in the umc ?
who stated a change of the length of the rhine ?
when was a study conducted of swedish counties ?
what was the guiding principle of the mongol empire code of conduct ?
when was the masovian duchy reincorporated into the polish crown ?
what has a bigger impact on the united states ' economy more than trade ?
what day of the week did shark tank debut on ?
what was abc 's viewership share in 1993 ?
what will concentrated oxygen greatly speed up ?
what organization predicted that the amazon forest could survive only three years of drought ?
what venue hosted super bowl opening night ?
why is the need for acceptance of punishment needed ?
what was tesla on his way to do when he was struck by the cab ?
besides leibniz , what other mathematician proved the validity of fermat 's little theorem ?
what series years are available on blu-ray ?
what articles state that unless conferred , powers remain with member states ?
which panthers player got a penalty , which gave the broncos a new set of downs ?
to what body are certain powers explicitly specified as being reserved for ?
what storm had the most significant impact on jacksonville ?
where was media day for super bowl 50 held ?
who purhcased the remaining 4 pacakages available to broadcasters ?
who is the mayor of san francisco ?
when was phags-pa script invented ?
the los angeles angels of anaheim are from which sport ?
how is the judicial branch of the eu an important factor in the development of eu law ?
most aspects of transport safety is a subject dealt with by whom ?
what actress did the asl translation for the game ?
what is the immune system ?
what did the mongols shield themselves with while attacking samarkand ?
what is the yearly cost of some notable prep schools in new england ?
what profession does simon kuznets have ?
what offers a conceptual definition of force ?
when was levi 's stadium picked for super bowl 50 ?
which famous germain renaissance painter and printmaker is represented in the drawings collection of the v & a ?
what was the dutch leader 's religious affiliation ?
what is nexus ?
what political leaning does the cato institute have ?
in what year did harvey martin die ?
what is the last name of the player who scored a 2-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter ?
what kind of chloroplasts did diatoms have but lost ?
a complexity resource can also be described as what other type of resource ?
which khitan prince became an important administrator in the mongol empire ?
what lands were reserved for natives ?
at what point in the day was the couple married ?
what made emigration to these colonies attractive ?
what has been analyzed to compare amazon rainfall in the past and present ?
what does the plos pathogen paper claim ?
what kind of problems are one of the main topics studied in computational complexity theory ?
in the effort of maintaining a level of abstraction , what choice is typically left independent ?
how many items is the university library home to ?
what is the problem attributed to defining if two finite graphs are isomorphic ?
how long does it take for the effects to manifest as changes to economic growth ?
how many chloroplasts per cell does algae have ?
who was the ideologue of the iranian revolution ?
what is the major tributary for the rhine ?
when did the origins of magnetic and electric fields occur ?
who was the bauhaus typeface originally designed by in the 1920s ?
where is kenya located ?
who build the major port city in kenya ?
about how much did a new york city day school cost annually in 2012 ?
what did al-gama ' a al-islamiyya use to get its way ?
what describes the proportionality of acceleration to force and mass ?
where was the centrifugal governor first observed by boulton ?
what bacteria lives inside a protective capsule that serves to prevent cell lysis ?
what was the first public building to be lit by electric light in newcastle ?
what u.s. entity said that corporal punishment was constitutional ?
what type of steam engines produced most power up to the early 20th century ?
why did the university see a drop in applicants ?
which reason is given sometimes to plead not guilty involving these matters ?
what amount of the worlds carbon is stored in the amazon forest ?
what is different about cyanidioschyzon merolæ ?
according to the wealth concentration theory , what advantage do the wealthy have in accumulating new wealth ?
who succeeded thomas murphy as president in 1990 ?
how is temüjin written in pinyin ?
what did the edict do for huguenots in france ?
what spacecraft was tested in two vacuum chambers to simulate atmospheric pressure ?
what is income inequality attributed to ?
when did the arab oil producers lift the embargo ?
when was san francisco voted to be the location for super bowl 50 ?
when did france begin in earnest to rebuild its global empire ?
what gameshow featuring newly married people was debuted by abc in july 1966 ?
what did johannes agricola preach that god 's gospel revealed ?
what hotel did the panthers stay in during super bowl 50 ?
how much did the ipcc third assessment report say sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100 ?
in what group of compounds is oxygen a necessary part ?
after apartheid , what types of schools are referred to as " model c " schools ?
what problems did the yuan dynasty have near its end ?
what new typeface was created for abc for use in advertising ?
who ordered the attack on the caravan of traders genghis khan send to khwarezmia ?
what happens to the lead fusible plugs if the water level of the boiler drops ?
what does cbd stand for ?
who wrote " the hidden prosperity of the poor " ?
which group of ctenophore are are hardest to study ?
along with muslims , jews and protestant christians , what religious group notably operates private schools ?
what is a common practice in official corporal punishment ?
when did the university start having a bachelor 's degree program in cinema & media studies ?
how much did tesla sell his ac patents to westinghouse electric for ?
what was the given name of miami 's stadium at the time of super bowl 50 ?
what did tesla dress in while in tominaj ?
why is it difficult to resolve disagreements about the changes in the amazon rainforest ?
what is the hymn known as in english ?
how much larger would cicada predator populations be if cicada outbreaks occurred at 14 and 15 year intervals ?
what plant cells have chloroplasts in them ?
what has increased sediment and delta growth also produced in the rhine ?
what is normally eaten for lunch and supper ?
at what temperatures is o2 more soluble ?
what is a mechanism that can help plants block virus replication ?
which group has young that are born with no tentacles and a large mouth ?
what are some existing facilities ?
where does the pattern of higher income-longer lives still hold true ?
what museum specializes in cultural history and civilizations of the western hemisphere ?
the term huguenot was originally meant to confer ?
what individual is the school named after ?
what measure of a computational problem broadly defines the inherent difficulty of the solution ?
what was the name of the 50th anniversary episode ?
when was the opening of " super bowl city " ?
what was the catalyst that created greater interest in renewable resources ?
what year did king sigismund iii vasa move his court to warsaw ?
what powered tesla 's high energy terminal vacuum tube ?
who produced the illumination for the 1524 charter that is in the v & a library archive ?
what type of income is the vast majority of the population dependent on ?
which of genghis khan 's mentors practiced christianity ?
which engineer made the induction motor more efficient ?
whose puppet did islamists accuse the saudi regime of being ?
aside from firebox , what is another name for the space in which combustible material is burned in the engine ?
how would one describe the summers in fresno ?
what is the process of removing trees from a forest known as ?
who invited washington to dine with him ?
when did the meuse and waal merge ?
which of abc 's main production facilities is located in hollywood , ca ?
how many of the six total packages available to broadcasters was setanta awarded ?
what region of the rhine was changed by the rhine straightening program ?
when was the fis founded ?
who originally hosted the syndicated version of who wants to be a millionaire ?
what was ronnie hillman 's average yards per carry in 2015 ?
why were johann esch and heinrich voes executed by the catholic church ?
what years saw the most loss of old shows in the bbc archives ?
who shared sideline reporting duties with mark malone ?
would opportunities be the same in each subject , or would they vary ?
at what time did martin luther die ?
how far did the second block , as-202 , travel downrange in km ?
which species moves by a darting motion ?
when was this committee by seaman established ?
who was added to party as washington went on the way ?
how many pounds of steam per kilowatt hour does the energiprojekt ab engine use ?
what was invented by savery ?
what did historians do in the absence of census figures ?
when was the first known historical reference to immunity ?
who came up with the theory of relativity ?
which tfeu article defines the ordinary legislative procedure that applies for majority of eu acts ?
what is formed when a phagosome fuses with a lysosome ?
what did martin 's father view his entering the cloister as a waste of ?
what company paid for a super bowl 50 ad to show a trailer of x-men : apocalypse ?
where is a teacher most likely to be teaching at ?
what process down the line does rubisco 's flaw interfere with ?
who allegedly haunted the gate ?
what type of system did tesla suggest to adams ?
how many membranes does durinskia 's chloroplast have ?
what is the french name for the rhine ?
suzuki chokichi 's incense burner dated 1875 is made of what from material ?
along with fuel sources , what concern has contributed to the development of the advanced steam movement ?
why did the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church ?
how many muslim empires have used imperialism ?
who was one prominent huguenot-descended arms manufacturer ?
what did the network install in 1999
what did this statement of tetzel 's show about him ?
where was the measurment for the standard gravity on earth taken ?
who designed the möllendorff dinner service ?
where does luther place salvation ?
what are ctenophora commonly known as ?
the muslim brotherhood 's competence compares well against what type of local governments ?
what does increased oxygen concentrations in the patient 's lungs displace ?
what is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician to give out medication ?
what was the yuan dynasty called in mongolian ?
who was the leader of the khwarezmian dynasty in the early 1200s ?
on what show did bill aiken make is television debut ?
when was zia-ul-haq killed ?
how many primary affiliates did abc have in 1954 ?
which theorem states that all large odd integers can be expressed as a sum of three primes ?
what is used to calculate cross section area in the volume of an object ?
on what did luther 's friend blame his sadness and entrance into the cloister ?
what could justify restrictions on freedom of establishment ?
in 2013 , abc 's identity was revamped by what design agency ?
rather than the fuel , what is oxygen to a fire ?
who did the broncos beat in the divisional game ?
where did the broncos stay at for super bowl 50 ?
how much support is there for the us approach to economic development ?
what can result in more equal distribution of income ?
who reigned over the ottoman empire when it was at its most powerful .
what did newcastle university win in 2000 ?
what issues may prevent women from working outside the home or receiving education ?
cities that anchor the regions are often the hub for what kind of activity ?
where are these animals mostly located ?
what organization arranged to founding of school ?
what else contributes to jacksonville 's summer storms other than land heating beside the water ?
what was hero of alexandria 's nationality ?
what sea bordered genghis khan 's empire to the east when he died ?
how long since it 's been that geoglyphs were first discovered on deforested land ?
which nasa orbiter photographed evidence of each site on the moon that a manned apollo mission landing occurred ?
what was the cost for a half minute ad ?
what type of disability would a teacher help a student with ?
what is the victoria state bird ?
what translation of luther 's is still used today ?
when was virgin media rebranded from ntl telewest ?
what type of bat that lives in the amazon rainforest can spread rabies ?
how many members in the seats of the scottish parliament are members of the scottish government ?
what does the cpi scale measure ?
how many people were registered to receive the hd service prior to launch ?
when did the nfl announce the suspension of using roman numerals to brand the super bowl ?
where do other tourist events happen in victoria outside of melbourne ?
which architect , famous for designing london 's st. paul cathedral , is represented in the riba collection ?
when did tesla begin researching x-ray imaging ?
what was a first for this network
what does it take a country with high inequality longer to achieve ?
which rail line operates in melbourne ?
who sees a patient after a nurse can not help anymore ?
from where was von braun transferred to go to nasa ?
what happened to the apollo 13 crew to force them to use the lm as a " life boat " as it had been designed ?
what are the main sources of primary law ?
who helped designed the main quadrangles ?
which station started showing doctor who after the sf channel closed ?
why is the building on spital tongues known as the pink palace ?
when did the english high court find microsoft 's use of the term " skydrive " infringed on sky 's right ?
who was the head coach of the broncos in super bowl xlviii ?
what do donated genes give evidence of ?
what is the capitol of kenya ?
who covered the halftime coverage ?
who did carolina beat in the divisional round ?
who was cromwell 's allies ?
what agency did the spanish version of the super bowl ?
what two country 's referendums curtailed a constitution for europe ?
who put on a doctor who exhibition in 1991 ?
who asked luther to teach theology at the university of wittenberg ?
what were the origins of the raouliii family ?
in what year did malaysia receive its independence ?
what was the average budget for abc movie of the week films ?
what version of the english translation of the bible did luther 's translation affect ?
what happened to tesla 's belongings ?
what influence did al banna wish to eliminate from the muslim world ?
what television show for abc was an adaptation of the 1947 film wyoming kid ?
when was otto von bismarck born ?
immunological memory can take what two forms ?
what was the population jacksonville city as of 2010 ?
issues dealt with at westminster are not ones who is able to deal with ?
if you do not know both magnitude and direction of two forces on an object , what would you call that situation ?
what is the effect on humans of oxygen ?
what was the name of the first huguenot outpost in south carolina ?
when did luther enter into the senate of the theology faculty of the university of wittenberg ?
where is the neighborhood of sunnyside located in fresno ?
juvenile and adult beroe lack what ?
what art historical style was used in the decoration for the northern part of the museum ?
when did wls launch a lineup of abc radio programs ?
what did roland bainton say about luther 's position on jews ?
when did the world 's population finally recover from the black death ?
what did paul-louis simond establish in 1898 ?
what feature of the shah 's army enable the weary mongol forces easy early victories ?
which country is the most dependent on arab oil ?
what did martin luther fear after a lightening bolt struck near him ?
has there ever been anyone charged with importing drugs from canada for personal medicinal use ?
where did the highwaymen take luther ?
what was the resulting channel of the arts merger called ?
after the merger between abc and capital cities , who became the vice president of abc broadcasting ?
what is that power that enables us to love ?
how far did he claim the mechanical energy could be transmitted ?
whose 1758 portrait by françois boucher was part of jones bequest ?
what must a project adhere to ?
what were some of tesla 's experiments ?
what was the goal of congress ?
who did mueller recruit to be a manager for nasa projects on a loaned situation ?
what do ctenophores have that no other animals have ?
who claimed that the name black death first appeared in 1631 ?
the rhine first formed a boundary between gaul and what else ?
what is the name of the museum and research center for near eastern studies , that is owned by the university ?
where was the famous artist tamara de lempicka born ?
what are two examples of cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs ?
how many representatives does each electorate have ?
where was the muslim brotherhood founded ?
who ordered the stern review ?
what program that aired between last man standing and shark tank was cancelled by abc in 2013 ?
when did the 1973 oil crisis begin ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the university 's professional schools ?
what late gothic architectural sculptural feature is found on the tower above the main entrance ?
how could human inequality be addressed without resulting in an increase of environmental damage ?
who is videoguard owned by ?
what did " the holy club 's " teachings emphasize ?
who were the secondary companions of the ninth and tenth doctors ?
what distinct quality of combustion was absent from philogiston theory ?
how many people in quzhou are descended from confucius ?
what is the name of the movement that seeks renewed use of steam power in the modern era ?
what philosophies underlay chinese medicine ?
who appoints the board of the european central bank ?
in which year did the royal college of art gained full independence from the v & a ?
what weapon does spike milligan use against a dalek ?
what newcastle road heads west to carlisle ?
what equation desribed the physics of force before the current schrodinger equation ?
the costiff collection comprised costumes designed by which british fashion icon ?
what was given as the cause of death ?
what is the average construction salary in the uk ?
what is the name for the smaller streams along the region northern germany ?
along with 10 cloverfield lane , what paramount trailer appeared during the super bowl ?
what is petrology ?
by when did most of france 's colonies gain independence ?
who were the first two actors that played doctor who ?
why was this short termed organization created ?
who stripped the ball from newton on a 3rd and nine ?
how long did tesla hold this position ?
who patented a high-pressure compound engine in 1805 ?
what do tribes use google earth and gps for ?
by what document did the huguenots confess their faith to the portuguese in brazil ?
what hit reality series debuted for abc in 2002 ?
what protein does staphylococcus aureus produce to make antibodies ineffective ?
what happens as they build phase 1 ?
what does a student 's academic goals include ?
what did president kennedy do in response to the soviet flight in regards of america 's program ?
how many lakes are there in warsaw ?
when did japan release a statement to tell israelis to withdraw from the palestine ?
how many people lived in warsaw in 1939 ?
what kind of sending technology is being used to protect tribal lands in the amazon ?
what was the occupation of tesla 's father ?
what is the vast disparities in wealth attributed to by socialists ?
in 1984 , the abc arts channel arts was merged with what other channel ?
what is the modern term for the mongolian policies supporting trade and communication ?
who are the chief administrators of the church ?
to what gauge have some lines been changed in the west of victoria ?
how does most plants ' cpdna replicate ?
how many muslims are in greater london ?
in his defense of doctor who , what did philip howard compare to the london property market ?
what does the city council divide itself into ?
what is evidence chloroplasts descended from endosymbiotic cyanobacteria ?
what was faith 's greatest enemy according to luther ?
what time framd does the seven years war cover ?
what was the most important discovery that led to the understanding that earth 's lithosphere is separated into tectonic plates ?
what type of missions were approved by mueller after the incident ?
where did maududi exert the most impact ?
what is terra preta called ?
who was the most valuable player of super bowl 50 ?
according to luther what justifies us ?
what did kuznets argue resulted from stages of development ?
when was the santer commission censured by parliament ?
newcastle was one of the first cities in the world to have what innovation ?
what is the final effect of adding more and more idea strings to a load ?
how long did the fighting last in seven years war ?
what is unknown about the complexity classes between l and p that further prevents determining the value relationship between l and p ?
which running back did the panthers waive ?
what system did tesla recommend to niagara falls in 1893 ?
residential construction can generate what is not carefully planned ?
what do clinical pharmacists specialize in ?
how many punts did ted ginn jr. return ?
what was the average household size ?
what broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations ?
whose occupation of kuwait did the us military personal seek to put an end to ?
bacteria often secrete what kind of proteins to ingest a physical barrier ?
how many people are likely to visit justin herman plaza during the week of the super bowl ?
where has the official home of the scottish parliament been since 2004 ?
where did two of triton 's daughters set out on a journey through ?
what welding process was demonstrated in 1901 ?
which thesis questions the pope 's actions in building the basilica of st. peter with the money of the poor ?
what did fritschel say the man 's sleep was disturbed by ?
why are ctenophores extremely rare as fossils ?
what theology states that faith alone is n't enough to justify man ?
what sort of engines utilized the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing system ?
the party awarded a seat is the one with the highest what ?
when was thoreau 's essay published ?
what year was the first manned flight with the lunar module scheduled ?
where was french withdrawal to ?
how populous is victoria compared to other australian states ?
what does legend say genghis khan used to obliterate the kharezmid emporer 's place of birth ?
what literary reference compares the master to doctor who ?
what mainline station is to the east of the city center ?
how much was the combined wealth of the " 10 million dollar millionaires " in 2008 ?
where does a private school get funding to operate ?
how many launch pads were originally planned ?
who officially opened the v & a ?
in which year was the animal locomotion collection created ?
what type of authority are ambulatory care pharmacists given in the u.s. federal health care system ?
what year did genghis khan die ?
the center in paris is located near what river ?
what typeface are the letters in the iconic abc logo reminiscent of ?
who designed the hereford screen ?
what was the seat of former party leader david mcletchie ?
who played the war doctor ?
at first what did tesla think was the main cause of damage to skin cells when they were exposed to x-rays ?
who was the first doctor to travel with a married couple ?
what famous writer was tesla 's good friend ?
what kind of allegations were brought after the 2007 election ?
of whom , to luther , was justification entirely the work ?
what field of computer science analyzes the resource requirements of a specific algorithm isolated unto itself within a given problem ?
what is the eighth most populous city in the nation ?
what geometric shape is used in equations to determine net force ?
what finite hierarchy implies that the graph isomorphism problem is np-complete ?
the port of long beach belongs to which region of california ?
what egyptologist was also apart of the university 's faculty ?
how many affiliated stations does abc currently have ?
what did nasa record over the older archived tapes ?
what individuals were responsible for authoring " on the computational complexity of algorithms " ?
when were stromules discovered ?
which newspaper defined southern california ?
preschool targest what age children ?
although some acadians went to france and other destiantions , what north american city did many move to ?
is it easier or harder to change eu law than stay the same ?
ac and nc are complexity classes typically associated with what type of circuit ?
genghis khan was in the process of taking what capital city when he died ?
where did tesla believe his talents came from ?
what rules does the ipcc have to follow ?
what famous snowbaorder lives in southern california ?
what is norman art 's most well known piece ?
in the year 2000 how many square kilometres of the amazon forest had been lost ?
in what year did the university first see a drop in applications ?
what do the top 400 richest americans have more of than half of all americans combined ?
what concept explains why objects continue in constant motion ?
name one way the plowshares organization temporarily close gcsb waihopai ?
what was the passer rating for peyton manning that he finished out with for the season ?
which belgian footballer claimed that he should be allowed to transfer from one football club to another when his contract was fulfilled ?
what is responsible for constraining p according to the time hierarchy theorem ?
how many times did luther preach in halle in 1545 and 1546 ?
what happens if angiosperm shoots do n't get enough light ?
what is needed to pack electrons densely together ?
how many people work for kunskapsskolan schools ?
what did tesla do with his patents causing him to lose them ?
funding limitations allowed csnet to be what
what year saw the merger of two museums in newcastle ?
where was tesla 's laboratory established ?
compared to other causes , the effect of trade on inequality in america is what ?
in what year was the first known experiments on combustion and air conducted ?
when was the old truman brewery founded ?
how much is the sieve method of gas production used ?
along with trusts , what other non-profits are allowed to run schools in india ?
what amount of bird species on earth are found in the amazon rainforest ?
what type of immune cells help to destroy abnormal cells in tumors ?
the owner typically awards a contract to who ?
how much less steam did the corliss engine use compared to the watt engine ?
how many invertebrate species are known in brazil alone ?
the rocks at the grand canyon have been in place since when ?
what station did the 20th anniversary special show before being shown on bbc ?
what are some of the accepted general principles of european union law ?
who had kublai wanted to succeed him ?
who started rumors in 2008 that abc would sell its ten owned-and-operated stations ?
how are the compounds that contain oxygen considered in commerce ?
when did bskyb announce it 's intention to replace it 's free-to-air digital channels ?
what did luther use as accompaniment to his hymns ?
who has the authority of a pastor only within the context and during the time of the appointment ?
what is the lowest ranking one of the counties could have in terms of most populous counties in the united states ?
from whom did genghis khan learn seige warfare ?
what was the anglo-norman language 's final form ?
by separating faith and reason , what does luther honor ?
which team was suspended from the mls ?
what star trek episode has a nod to doctor who ?
what are longer growth spells associated with ?
upon hearing the final product , what was the creator quoted as saying ?
when did o2 begin to acculturate in the atmosphere ?
what is the use of the law by the holy spirit ?
what 3 things does the air force work key on
what was suggested at the symposium in 1967
which court argued that the treaty of rome did not prevent energy nationalism ?
how many types of movements do euplokamis tentilla have ?
currently , how many votes out of the 352 total votes are needed for a majority ?
the flags on the moon left by the u.s. manned apollo missions are all still standing save for which mission 's flag ?
if a detention requires a pupil to just sit there , how are they required to sit ?
which university did tesla audit in 1880 ?
who funds the ipcc 's secretary ?
which region of california is palm springs located in ?
some in the umc feel that false ecumenism might result in what ?
what character on coupling is a doctor who fan ?
when was the mass high school education movement ?
how many other important people sent letters ?
when did the ancestors of modern homo sapiens inhabit kenya ?
how many metric tons of carbon are believed to be stored in the amazon forest ?
what did the mongol army throw in their catapults ?
in which direction does the west side of fresno neighborhood lie to the 99 freeway ?
when did luther write the hymn from depths of woe i cry to you ?
are juiveniles capable of reproduction ?
how many miles across the atlantic ocean does saharan dust travel ?
what type of housing was erected in warsaw as part of the bricks for warsaw process ?
what event took away his ability of speech ?
in what year was the corliss engine patented ?
a statement made by chris keates caused issues with whom ?
under normal conditions , what do two atoms of oxygen form ?
all italian chocolate is made from what alone ?
what city is near a major statue of genghis khan ?
who is the university accredited by ?
when there are many workers competing for a few jobs its considered as what ?
from whence did luther want to expel the jews ?
by how much did harvard management reduce its south africa holdings in response to pressure ?
what are the three primary expressions used to represent case complexity ?
what was the first recorded settlement in what became newcastle ?
the title of the digitization project was a reference to which artist ?
what are the two simple word responses to a decision problem ?
why should disobedience by the general public be avoided ?
what helped the lama determine to be reborn ?
what title did iroquois give johnson ?
where according to gross state product does victoria rank in australia ?
what is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world ?
what does pumping water into the mesoglea do ?
which two importers claimed that under a french competition law , they were prevented from selling picon beer under wholesale price ?
in what country can most of the amazon rainforest be found ?
who gave her royal assent to the scotland act of 1998 ?
what has shortened the rhine river ?
which lunar probe was near the apollo 12 crew 's landing site ?
what type of engines became popular for power generation after piston steam engines ?
what is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague ?
what german poet was descended from huguenots ?
who made up 19 % of the student body in the 2012 spring quarter ?
according to the text , how much money did the host committee raise ?
where is the principle of proportionality recognized in the ec treaty ?
how well did kenya do in the beijing olympics ?
which part of london was sir paul pindar 's house , whose façade now resides in the v & a collection , located ?
what does the national museum boast having from adolf hitler 's private collection ?
what is the scientific designation of oxygen ?
what did tesla spend astor 's money on ?
where was the language luther used in his translations spoken ?
how did tesla attend the university ?
other than the us and britain what was the other main country that tesla had patents granted ?
which direction did the rhine flow during the last cold phase ?
there 's a rough border between switzerland and what other country formed by the rhine ?
the social chapter is a chapter of what treaty ?
what would a teacher assess the levels of a student on ?
how many divisions are required to verify the primality of the number 37 ?
when did the cretaceous-paleogene extinction happen ?
which senator was a strong advocate for the pico act ?
what is the name of the bronco 's head coach , who was hired after john fox ?
what did creating highways in the amazon rainforest lead to ?
though unkown , what are the most commonly ascribed attributes of l in relation to p
what is the only story of the original series where doctor who travels alone ?
what is the english translation of tawhid ?
what did the last few of the boilerplate csm launches carry with them ?
what is name of the function used for the largest integer not greater than the number in question ?
which institution did the v & a partnered with to open the first permanent architectural history gallery in the uk ?
what months out of the year is woodward park open ?
who was thought to have killed tugh temur ?
how old was chopin when he moved to warsaw with his family ?
what is the second busiest airport in the united states ?
who proclaimed the oil embargo ?
when was johann tetzel sent by the roman catholic church to germany to sell indulgences ?
what can people work towards if they are n't denied their functionings , capabilities and agency ?
where are many hospital pharmacies located ?
what does the scotland act of 2012 extend ?
in 1968 , who led the team which systematized denominational doctrine ?
what position did newton play during super bowl 50 ?
did the rainforest managed to thrive during the glacial periods ?
which network broadcasted the 50th super bowl game ?
how many volts could particles be charged to in his weapon design ?
what did the jewish people do so pagan items would n't be in the temple of jerusalem ?
when did tesla attain his electrical transmitter patent ?
how long would the invasion of the middle east have to last in order to develop renewable resources ?
which of tesla 's inventions was used in radio development ?
when did the deal between peck , brown and westinghouse take place ?
which animal that lives in the amazon river may produce a deadly shock ?
what was the seven years war ?
who had no real military power during the yuan ?
how is packet mode communication implemented
when was the augsburg confession signed ?
who argues that the government redistributes wealth by force ?
in what year was wisconsin v. yoder decided at the supreme court ?
what engines were used throughout most of the 20th century to propel ships ?
any subcontractor has a direct contractual relationship with who ?
when was the first measurement of the value of the newton universal gravitation constant ?
where did one of triton 's daughters decide she wanted to hang out and stay ?
how much money was spent on other festivities in the bay area to help celebrate the coming super bowl 50 ?
did the plague spread in scandinavia or germany first ?
the academic body of the university is made up of how many professional schools ?
evidence indicates that cydippids are not what ?
which full-sized model cars were not popular ?
what is resposible for speeding up or slowing down an object ?
what seed was the denver broncos ?
when did the huguenots secure the right to own land in the baronies ?
when did he make the quoted remarks about super bowl 50 ?
the script writer for the special went on to have what role in the revised doctor who series ?
where is the victoria and albert museum located ?
juvenile platyctenids act like what ?
what kind of techniques were used to create the theme ?
according to the riemann hypothesis , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 except for what values of s ?
who departed as president of capital cities/abc in 1994 ?
miller-boyett productions was a studio affiliated with what company ?
if the apparant force of two fermions is repulsive , what is the spin function ?
what did they want the educational system to be ?
how can you find the absolute age of sedimentary rock units which do not contain radioactive isotopes ?
who founded telnet
what denver player caused two fumbles for the panthers ?
where did the water in the amazon basin flow towards when moving west ?
what earlier hymn was luther 's adapted from ?
how many solo tackles did von miller make at super bowl 50 ?
the term may be related to what politician from switzerland ?
where is the asian influence strongest in victoria ?
what compounds can be masked with the molecules of the host cell in order for a virus to evade detection ?
in what year was the doctor who 40th anniversary show ?
in what year was doctor who rated the third greatest show of the 2000 's ?
along with dan fouts , who served as a color analyst for the radio broadcast ?
what makes dna vulnerable to deamination ?
how many cameras did eyevision 360 utilize ?
where was the disease spreading between 1348 and 1350 ?
when did oil start getting priced in the terms of gold ?
how many times has the south florida/miami area hosted the super bowl ?
if someone is being taught at their place of residence , what is it called ?
at what address did goldenson secure a new headquarters for abc ?
what panther defender was called for holding on third down ?
when did zhu shijie die ?
where are some physicians permitted to prescribe and give out medications within their practices ?
what type of wages do people unable to afford an education receive ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , what was the total umc membership overseas ?
what does doctor who do when his body is mortally damaged ?
other than for its resort feel , what is palm springs popular for ?
what is an example of illegal disobedience ?
what two other rulers had their graves hidden under a river ?
which player had the most interceptions for the season ?
who did the keelmen live with in a tight-knight community east of newcastle ?
what does the acronym fis stand for ?
does bskyb carry any control over the picture quality of a channel ?
what needs to be larger to get the same work out of lower pressure steam ?
what do other smaller venues of newcastle tend to feature ?
which country 's imports became the de facto mass market leaders ?
what is the name of one type of modern primality test ?
what can the non-elected members from the scottish government not do ?
who challenged kublai khan 's right to succeed mongke khan ?
the symbol for mercuric oxide is ?
what is the name of the water body that is found to the east ?
why is using o2 instead of co2 less efficient ?
what remained an important issue in scottish national identity for many years ?
the rhine and what other river drained the northern flanks of the alps ?
what was the belief that maintaining motion required force ?
there is criticism that the energy policies are expensive quick fixes that ignore which facts ?
what did 'da yuan tong zhi ' mean ?
when did tesla patent the motor ?
what does the umc oppose as incompatible with the teaching of scripture ?
how many seats does victoria have in the senate ?
what sport has kenyan women been a dominate force ?
who established the confederation of the rhine ?
what other reason caused poor supply of new france from a difficult winter ?
what country currently has a group who call themselves huguenots ?
where are international corporations headquartered ?
where does the middle rhine flow between bingen and bonn ?
where was the funeral held ?
how much correspondence did tesla send morgan in the five years following 1901 ?
what does computational complexity theory most specifically seek to answer ?
what does a u.s. census report state that even after other factors there still exists this between earnings of men and women ?
what popular phrase is associated with the doctor who series ?
in a computational problem , what can be described as a string over an alphabet ?
when did the accident occur ?
how is income determined in a market with variously skilled workers ?
how many settlers original settled in manakintown ?
when was the main gallery for the v & a 's contemporary glass collection opened ?
who was the first huguenot to arrive at the cape of good hope ?
what was jacksonville referred to as after the consolidation ?
what does userdatagram protocol gaurentee
by when did the germanic tribes conquer the celtic peoples ?
to whom did rca mandate the sale of nbc blue to in 1941 ?
what catholic church liturgical belief did lortie criticize openly ?
what compounds are released by injured or infected cells , triggering inflammation ?
how can any knot be distinctively indicated ?
how much of the earth 's atmosphere is diatomic oxygen ?
how many panthers went to the pro bowl ?
what other kind of sport is popular in southern california ?
when was luther 's writings about the jews ignored , according to johannes wallmann ?
what planet do the daleks come from ?
how tall was tesla ?
what device is used to test the magnetic attractions involved in liquid oxygen ?
in what year was the school formed ?
who found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had any sense of responsibility ?
what was one proposal to let the ipcc respond to new evidence faster ?
what kind of measurements define accelerlations ?
which country was thinking about going to war to forcibly take middle eastern oil fields ?
what does a 2013 report on nigeria suggest it 's growth has done ?
what was the ancestor of chloroplasts ?
which government entity helped to pay for the festivities , beyond businesses and individuals ?
along with the anglican church and uniting church , what religious denomination operates private schools in australia ?
when was waruhiu itote captured ?
to which year is the earliest known piece of english silver with a dated hallmark is dated ?
which doctor who show was the largest simulcast of a tv drama ?
what kinds of pigments do rhodoplasts have ?
where are longitudinal waves found ?
what was the significance of victory at forth niagara for british ?
what was the name of the contest sponsored by quickbooks ?
what is beta carotene ?
what is the term for an indian private school ?
who did play-by-play on westwood one ?
on which magazine 's cover did tesla appear in 1931
what role in economics did the university play a major part in ?
which type of livestock was the argricultural region known for ?
who were the astronauts aboard the apollo 11 mission ?
who wrote about the great pestilence in 1893 ?
what are two of its subsystems ?
what did luther call his stay a wartburg castle ?
when has toyota said it will close its victoria plant ?
what is another country that permits physicians to give out drugs from within their practice ?
when did the kmj-tv first broadcast ?
in 1735 , who did john and charles wesley teach the gospel to in america ?
rather than roman numerals , what did the nfl decide to use ?
how much did the population of victoria increase in ten years after the discovery of gold ?
why were northern chinese ranked higher ?
what organization runs the public schools in victoria ?
what kind of government does kenya have ?
who was chairman of the house science committee ?
who did the snp obtain 16 seats from ?
when did warsaw become the capital of the kingdom of poland ?
why do police and fire services fall under the purview of the scottish parliament ?
when did president uhuru kenyatta sign a security law amendment bill ?
what is the name for a teacher of just one person ?
what happened to the rate of deforestation in the amazon region of brazil between 2004 and 2014 ?
what do those in the field do to ensure a positive outcome ?
what does pharmacy legislation mandate ?
when does doctor who transition to a new body ?
how long until the provisional registration is upgraded , if requirements are met ?
which hall was used as parliament 's principle committee room ?
what countries use a red stylized a to signify pharmacy ?
what did warsz own ?
what does the internal cavity contain ?
why are researchers struggling to identify the history of the plague ?
approximately how many british watercolours are in the v & a collection ?
what is a secondary goal of pleading not guilty ?
why did kublai 's successors lose control of the rest of the mongol empire ?
what is the law named that defines a charge moving through a magnetic field ?
what function is a teacher 's role similar to ?
when was doctor who created ?
how long did it take for the theses to spread through europe ?
who is denver 's defensive coordinator ?
what type of sanctions has the us directed at iran ?
when was the the second german empire founded ?
who did reuters claim won the 1915 nobel prize in physics ?
what was fresno 's population in 2010 ?
who conceptualized the piston ?
what helped spread protestantism in france ?
how many vice presidents are on the student board ?
where was austrian polytechnic located ?
where did it join in the direction of its flow ?
why is the collection dominated by fashionable clothes made for special occasions ?
within the eu , which court believes they have the final word deciding on eu 's competence ?
the atomic number of the periodic table for oxygen ?
what is a ligand on the cell surface that is upregulated after helper t cell activation ?
the speed of the killing response of the human immune system is a product of what process ?
what is most of warsaw 's modern growth based on ?
which network broadcast the game in spanish ?
how many homes had bskyb 's direct-to-home satellite service available to them in 2010 ?
what happened to tesla 's funding once the war begun ?
in what episode did doctor who acknowledge having had a brother ?
what has been the result of this publicity ?
which park hosts the largest civil war reenactment on the west coast ?
what was the goal of the system
how long has the concept of legal certainty been recognized as one of the general principles by the eu law ?
who are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project ?
a satellite that measured the amount of dust going to the amazon was named what ?
what causes the population of ctenophora to grow at an explosive rate ?
which articles of the free movement of workers regulation set out the primary provisions on equal treatment of workers ?
on what date did luther die ?
what does the rhine merge with outside of germany ?
who founded the umc ?
soon after gaining florida , what did the english do ?
what is the nickname for the abc facility built at columbus avenue and west 66th street ?
who teaches the proper way of living in islam ?
what animals may have been stampeded over genghis khan 's grave site ?
how many tackles did von miller accomlish by himself in the game ?
what did the v & a present in july 1973 as part of its youth outreach programme ?
what direction do ctenophore swim ?
who developed the same technology as baran
who described kublai 's china to europe ?
jochi 's death occurred in what year ?
how much money has been raised by the host committee ?
what is sanctifying grace ?
what did tesla explore in tominaj ?
building construction is usually further divided into what categories ?
what spacecraft did the soviets use to send animals to space and around the moon 's orbit ?
what is the mineral wustite ?
in which continent besides asia were major gains made by the british empire in the late 19th century ?
what famous 5.9-mile athletic event takes place annually in newcastle in june ?
the amazon region is home to how many species of insect ?
what theorems are responsible for determining questions of time and space requirements ?
where is corporal punishment practiced the most ?
difficulty in establishing a framework for complexity classes can be caused by what variable ?
what percent of the labor force work in agriculture ?
when was liquid oxygen developed for commercial use ?
what do current ctenophores have that fossils found did not have ?
what is tertiary education ?
when was levi 's stadium awarded the right to host super bowl 50 ?
who were the super bowl 50 sideline announcers ?
what super bowl did rivera play in as a player ?
in what year was direct ascent the primary mission focus at nasa ?
antigone was a play made by whom ?
in which year were the north and south courts opened ?
when did martin luther receive his doctor of theology ?
what is a chemical secreted by tumors that suppresses the immune response ?
who did jamukha support that were not part of temüjin 's power base ?
matter particles are shown as what kind of lines in a feynman diagram ?
why did al-qaeda tell isil to take a hike ?
what is the name of the old north branch of the rhine ?
what was the original name of california state university at fresno ?
in the rankine cycle , in what state is the working fluid received in the condenser ?
what can hurt a teacher 's mental and physical health ?
what team did rivera play for in super bowl xx ?
what foot was injured on manning that sidelined him in week 10 ?
where did france focus its efforts to rebuild its empire ?
what characteristic of oxygen makes it necessary to life ?
what project did leonard goldenson offer to invest in before the canadian radio-television commission ruled against abc ?
when was the abc pictures division eventually dissolved ?
what researcher first used the word oxygen ?
drop in the blood levels of cortisol and epinephrine results in increase levels of what hormones ?
how many doctors were in kenya in 2011 ?
how did luther respond after being asked if the books were his ?
what was originally on the spacesuits prior to the clear " fishbowl " helmet ?
how is genghis khan written in pinyin ?
what did the public health cigarette smoking act ban ?
what abc series originated as short segment on love , american style ?
what can concentrate wealth , pass environmental costs on to society and abuse both workers and consumers ?
who suggested that imperialism was the " highest " form of capitalism ?
what is this doctrine of god appointing authorities called ?
in which case did the court of justice hold that a german court could n't deny a dutch building company the right to enforce a contract based in germany ?
what is the term for a hyperactive immune system that attacks normal tissues ?
what surrounds the church of st. andrew ?
what distinction does the bank of america tower hold ?
who designed the " 50 " ?
what type of membership will allow local pastors to retire as clergy ?
red ribbons in the logo were used to represent which division of abc ?
the idea that islam can be apolitical is n't able to be embraced by whom ?
the spin of what can produce a magnetic effect to oxygen molecules ?
how much was bskyb going to pay for the primier league rights ?
what is the benefit of polypeptide binding ?
how many rival princes were involved in assassinating gegeen ?
complexity theory seeks to define the relationship between the scale of algorithms with respect to what other variable ?
the legislative competence of the parliament species what areas ?
the church rejects was as an instrument of what ?
how many graduate students does harvard have ?
what type of assistance to out of town students is the muslim brotherhood known for ?
what president is credited with the original notion of putting americans in space ?
when did luther introduce the new worship ?
what are the two major subtypes of t cells ?
on what service could the espn deportes broadcast be streamed ?
what branch is independant of the other branches ?
super bowl 50 decided the nfl champion for what season ?
who was responsible for the decorations of the grill room ?
cydippid are typically what shape ?
what type of soil is considered a product of soil management by indigenous peoples in the amazon forest ?
which ancient roman monument is replicated in full-scale in the cast courts ?
what impact does higher worker productivity and leveled pay have on higher earners ?
how high are many of the buildings with turrets ?
what is the origin of clinical pharmacy ?
what is the name of the student improvisational theater troupe ?
when did the eleventh doctor appear in the sarah jane series ?
what are colloblasts ?
when did opec start to readjust oil prices ?
in which year was the john jones collection left to the museum ?
which doctor who show was cancelled because it was considered racist ?
what date did tesla begin his colorado springs experiments ?
how many troops were defeated for british in battle of carillon ?
what were steam engines used as a source of ?
what has partical physics made to describe sub-atomic forces ?
what do some researchers believe is the earliest-diverging animal phylum is ?
if two thirds of the rhine flows through waal , where does the other third flow through ?
who did the panthers beat in the nfc championship game ?
what is the governing committee that voted in favor of a proposal that would permit ministers to officiate same-sex weddings ?
what does factorization of prime ideals approximate ?
how high in altitude in feet could the vacuum chambers simulate ?
there are other categories for what ?
what was the first disney program televised on abc as a result of the disney-abc agreement ?
what probiotic flora is found in unpasteurized yogurt ?
what is the nickname of the female master ?
who worked later on to find these missing magnetic tapes that had data stored on them ?
what was tesla 's attitude toward the idea that matter could be turned into energy ?
how is the o2 molecule referred to in its ground state ?
what type of defense is sometimes used in court by protestors ?
what does paramylon store ?
what year was casimir pulaski born in warsaw ?
besides taking in boarders , how did katharina help support the family ?
when did barton and whitfield demand climate research records ?
where can the treatise be found ?
how are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions ?
what is victoria 's largest non-christian religion ?
what was there a significant minority of in warsaw ?
which system comes after an organism 's physical barriers ?
who kidnapped temüjin 's first wife soon after they were married ?
under elie metchnikoff 's cellular theory , what cells were responsible for immune response ?
scholars stated that there was already an existing settlement between 2 parties prior to which date ?
what is one factor that increases the importance of the pharmacy performing at a high level ?
how many acres does the v & a cover ?
which continents are represented in the v & a 's textiles collection ?
how did the revocation restrict huguenot travel ?
who ended up replacing joseph francis shea as aspo manager ?
what is the basis of the hymn ?
what percentage of new zealand students attended private schools in april 2014 ?
what was telenet
what could inverted repeats help do ?
what was luther 's marriage seen as by others ?
what does child well-being in rich countries correlate most to ?
what french animation studio did abc purchase in 1993 ?
what is the rankine cycle sometimes called ?
in the rankine cycle , what does water turn into when heated ?
how many years do elders serve as provisional elders prior to their ordination ?
in addition to teaching within the family , where else is informal teaching done ?
in what year did the master reincarnate into a female body ?
purpose of telnet
when did british begin to build fort under william trent ?
how many biomolecules contain no oxygen ?
what chloroplast lineage is cyanophora in ?
what division offers more then one branch of studies that do n't fit in with the other four ?
how did luther describe the mass that was viewed as sacrifice ?
what is the term for a task that generally lends itself to being solved by a computer ?
how many students have received unwanted sexual attention from a teacher or other education figure ?
vaginal secretions serve as a chemical protective barrier following what ?
which linebacker led the broncos in tackles ?
the v & a is looking to open a branded gallery in which city in scotland ?
how are decisions made on behave of the eu made ?
what would income differentials be if individual contributions were relevant to the social product ?
at what size and larger can drugs elicit a neutralizing immune response ?
what danger did the ipcc understate ?
when was this edict declared ?
what kind of data did abc begin using in the 1970s to better target ads and programming for certain audiences ?
what injury did thomas davis suffer during the playoff games ?
what is one common example of a critical complexity measure ?
today , which church is generally considered one of the more moderate and tolerant denominations ?
what year did tvontario start showing doctor who episodes ?
when was it discovered that prime numbers could applied to the creation of public key cryptography algorithms ?
what is one work by olivier messiaen ?
what is held outside the formal legal ownership registration system in many developing countries ?
what year did agoa take effect ?
what are muroplasts ?
what type of education is home schooling ?
in an adjustable spring-loaded valve , what needs to be broken to allow an operator to tamper with it ?
to where is most of the abalone and lobster caught in victorian waters shipped ?
what does the w and z boson exchange create ?
what percent live below the povertly line ?
what kinds of growth did kublai encourage ?
what diagrams are used to simplify particle interactions on a fundamental level ?
for what nation did ribault initially claim what is now jacksonville ?
why is priestley usually given credit for being first to discover oxygen ?
who suffered a broken arm in the nfc championship game ?
what is durinskia 's chloroplast ?
what organization was led by hasan al-hudaybi ?
what medical treatment is used to benefit patients with hearth and lung disorders ?
besides the v & a 's , whose collections are under the responsibility of conservators at the v & a ?
what did bach base entirely on luther chorales ?
what title was given to genghis khan posthumously ?
what denver player had 109 tackels for the 2015 season ?
where was the archangel michael shrine located ?
who calculated the speed of light ?
what was nicholas storch ?
what dynasty shared artistic inspiration with the yuan ?
which company did mrs foster work for ?
what color was used to create the 50-yard line in levi 's stadium for the season leading up to the super bowl 50 game ?
what fields of study did martin luther prefer ?
what practical role does defining the complexity of problems play in everyday computing ?
how did user of tymnet connect
what happened when cyanobacteria was assimilated ?
who called themselves the " people 's president " ?
what position does demaryius thomas play ?
what goal do many of these protests have ?
an igneous rock is a rock that crystallizes from what ?
who was margaret 's brother ?
what led to the production of tea paraphernalia such as china and caddies during the georgian period ?
who did the yuan 's increase in commerce help ?
what is the total number of professors , instructors , and lecturers at harvard ?
what was the name of the 50th anniversary show ?
how old was manning when he played super bowl 50 ?
what is the common coastal pleurobrachia called ?
what kind of cpdna does maize have ?
what can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry ?
which direction did romans use to drift through the rhine ?
what is the clarity of liquid oxygen ?
what happened in 1992 in a uk-wide process ?
which country did japan force into an alliance ?
when did luther return to wittenberg ?
in what years did the show see audiences as high as 12 million ?
in what major portion of living things is oxygen found ?
when did sky launch a tv advertising campaign target towards women ?
because speakers are drawn from across scotland , what do the represent the balance of ?
what does the euplokamis use the three types of movement for ?
who designed salamanca ?
how did the rhine extend watershed southward ?
the edict protected catholics by discouraging what ?
other than his scientific achievements what was tesla famous for ?
in the wake of the abc and capital cities merger , who was the president of abc news and abc sports ?
who authored the liber servitoris ?
what is the yuan dynasty 's official name ?
what caused uk to have an oil crisis in its own country ?
are ctenophores predators , vegetarian or parasitic ?
when the three types of rock are re-melted what is formed ?
what is a main advantage of the rankine cycle ?
what is an important factor contributing to inequality for individuals ?
breaking down barriers to trade and enhancing the free movement of goods is meant to reduce what ?
what goods were sold in a pharma ?
how often does the european council meet ?
who did noble acquire the rights to the american broadcasting company name from ?
who does not take a position on the canonicity of doctor who stories by other media ?
what is the fee range for accessing bskyb 's epg ?
who is responsible for education in the country of australia ?
where does kenya have deposits of oil ?
in what year did harvard end its early admission program ?
what are the three sectors of construction ?
university city is an example of a business district located in which city ?
what is the enrollment of undergraduates at harvard ?
where did jebe and subutai spend the winter following the split of the mongol army ?
who allegedly coined the name black death ?
what kingdom annexed warsaw in 1796 ?
since january 2012 , all abc programming has been presented in what format ?
what occurs when traveling across a surface at a constant velocity with regard to friction ?
the great internet mersenne prime search , what was the prize for finding a prime with at least 10 million digits ?
who upon arriving gave the original viking settlers a common identity ?
when was consumption inequality lower than it had been in 1986 ?
the use of gas lighting made what possible the year after the museum officially opened ?
civil disobedience is mainly performed by what population group ?
who wrote " walking in fresno ? "
who first fully explained the origins of magnetic and electric fields ?
what is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure ?
what is it called when there is an active attempt to overthrow a government or belief system ?
what percentage was the increase of agricultural products in 2003-04 ?
which sitcom ended its broadcast run for abc in 1983 ?
on what basis do the radical islamist organizations conduct their attacks ?
what is the roman numeral going to be for super bowl 51 ?
what college is jake rosenfield associated with ?
what caused changes in the amazon rainforest vegetation ?
who developed datapac
when was king george 's war ?
what can concentrated oxygen produce ?
what does the armagnac manuscript in the v & a library archive depict ?
in autoimmune disorders , the immune system does n't distinguish between what types of cells ?
how are peridinin-type chloroplasts ' thylakoids arranged ?
who did dinwiddie order to address french in virginia territory ?
who was the first democratically elected president of egypt ?
what is the term for the arrangement of two unpaired electrons in dioxygen ?
what is the natural dam that the rhine flows through ?
how many times did plague occur in venice ?
who was rewarded with building the csm ?
how many teams can boast a 15–1 regular season record ?
harold winston 's supported which country 's during its six day war ?
how many abc music stations were owned-and-operated in 1968 ?
what is consultant pharmacy mainly concerned with ?
who received the ball that cam newton lost during a tackle to make it a denver touchdown ?
rock units become thicker and shorten when placed under this type of compression .
what was the emphasis focuses on ?
what plants do n't need light to make chloroplasts ?
what directly correlates with the country 's economic performance and wealth distribution ?
what are plastoglobuli attached to ?
how many metropolitan areas does southern california 's population encompass ?
in what century was the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing system used ?
how do ctenophores control buoyancy ?
decision problems capable of being solved by a deterministic turing machine while maintaining adherence to polynomial time belong to what class ?
where was the khwarezmid capital moved after genghis khan 's forces prevailed in samarkand ?
when was a part of grainger town destroyed ?
what is the main religion in kenya ?
what are two factors that made it difficult for colonists to the amazon forest to survive ?
colonial rule , or physical occupation of a territory is an example of what kind of imperialism ?
what do clinical pharmacists often participate in ?
what are some proposals to connect campuses ?
what type of saturn was originally going to be used for apollo 8 ?
what was the civil war against ragibagh also called ?
what organization offers monetary awards for identifying primes with at least 100 million digits ?
who may have been called upon to fund the festival associated with the super bowl in santa clara ?
if a force is pointing horizontally to the northeast , how many forces can you split the force into ?
in a report on k-12 teachers , which teachers had the lowest median salary ?
some of the objects held in the jameel gallery of islamic art come from which european country ?
which branch of the eu has had the most influence on the development of eu law ?
what was the primary race of students attending christian academies after the brown decision ?
how much of a difference in homicide rates are related to inequality ?
why do islamists need democratic elections ?
who did newton get a pass to in the panther starting plays of super bowl 50 ?
what was left when engulfed algae was broken down ?
what are injectors used to supply ?
who designed the iron gates that decorate the new entrance building ?
which canal was dug in france to carry rhine 's water ?
what did the nif try to unify islamist opposition against ?
what was the score for the 2015 nfc championship game ?
how many actors have played doctor who ?
what do increased greenhouse gases cause ?
where do nucleomorph genes transfer to ?
when did levi 's stadium open to the public ?
how many nations contain " amazonas " in their names ?
what was the warsaw pact war plan ?
when did the pope warned luther of excommunication ?
from where would scientists like measure vegetation radiance ?
who is the quarterback for the carolina panthers ?
in 1951 , rumors claimed that abc might be sold to what network ?
where was dyrrachium located ?
colonies were a sign of what amongst european countries ?
who was tesla 's nephew ?
what was special about tesla 's memory ?
how did tetzel state that the soul could leave purgatory ?
what was the subtitle of the independence day movie that had a trailer during the super bowl ?
where does the rhine begin ?
what type of materials inside the cabin were removed to help prevent more fire hazards in the future ?
which two british sculptors are now represented with the opening of the new galleries ?
which two governing bodies have legislative veto power ?
what is the first line of defense against pathogens that prevents them from entering an organism ?
where did french fur trappers travel ?
where did the song dynasty continue to cause problems for kublai ?
who was thomas commerford martin ?
what have studies on income inequality sometimes found evidence confirming ?
ciliary rosettes pump water into what to control buoyancy ?
how long was he in bed from cholera ?
what bridge did the germans fail to demolish ?
what is one method of achieving aspirational consumption ?
what kind of state was the khwarezmia ?
what has recent testing of kuznets theory with superior data show it to be ?
what is the dutch name for the rhine ?
when was luther called by von staupitz to wittenberg ?
who did the broncos beat tp become the afc champions ?
what house was the site of a weaving school in canterbury ?
why have newcastle and gateshead linked together under a common banner ?
what do students learn about in confirmation and membership preparation classes ?
what element is found in most organic organisms ?
who took command of french in spring of 1753 ?
when is the game 's media day usually held ?
what drama from aaron spelling debuted on abc in the 80s ?
where does the gold in the parliamentary mace come from ?
what does the nederrijn change it 's name to ?
how did the new king react to the huguenots ?
harrogate market is in the local what ?
how many tackles did von miller get during the game ?
when was the scottish constitutional convention held ?
what was the protest in antigone about ?
when did violence start in war ?
what is being described when simplicity of geometrical forms are teamed with inspiration from the roman period ?
what famous conductor went to harvard ?
what is the mortality rate of pneumonic plague ?
where did kublai move the mongol capital to ?
what was the shape that faget designed for the apollo command module ?
what resolution were the cameras increased to for the game ?
how long was the longest doctor who christmas special ?
what kind of rail system is metro trains melbourne ?
in which case was a dutch national not entitled to continue receiving benefits when he moved to belgium ?
what is the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences ?
what is the term for catching the motivation expressed by the teacher ?
imperialism and colonialism both assert a states dominance over what ?
which of his future general 's fathers helped temüjin escape the tayichi'ud ?
what percentage of newcastle 's population is it believed the bolivians account for ?
what made luther even more short tempered than usual ?
what battle outside quebec city did british lose in 1760 ?
how much saharan dust remains in the air over the amazon each year ?
on what railroad was salamanca used ?
approximately how many old masters works are included in the v & a collection ?
what type of sentences were the protesters given ?
which show was voted most violent of the bbc shows in a 1972 survey ?
whose tune did luther adapt for the hymn of psalm 67 ?
when did abc premier the flintstones ?
how was temüjin kept imprisoned by the tayichi'ud ?
what kind of non-peer-reviewed sources does the ipcc use ?
when is luther commemorated by the church of england ?
where in china is genghis khan most favorably viewed today ?
where is d'olier street ?
to whom was the large catechism directed ?
when were some of luther 's best-known works published ?
when did carl wilhelm scheele discover oxygen ?
when was the european communities act created ?
where can you find more information on a country 's practices ?
in august 1994 , what toledo , ohio affiliate did abc purchase ?
to whom has the antwerp city hall doors in the v & a collection been attributed ?
how many teachers are usually involved when co-teaching ?
when was the heyday of secular arab nationalism ?
what is the name of the book written by archeologist betty meggers ?
what types of programs help to redistribute wealth ?
what article of the grundgesetz grants the right to make private schools ?
jules ferry thought that the " higher races " have a duty to what ?
how many tons of dust are blown from the sahara each year ?
where did jebe 's division of genghis khan 's army campaign in khwarezmia ?
when less workers are required , what happens to the job market ?
which oil producer is a close ally of the united states ?
when did konstantin mereschkowski suggest the origin of chloroplasts ?
what was the percentage of whit people in fresno in 2010 ?
besides the north sea and the irish channel , what else was lowered in the last cold phase ?
what molecules are recognized as foreign by the immune system ?
which theory justifies imperialism in part ?
when did western governments support fledgling islamists ?
what is the chloroplast of dinophysis ?
what kind of chloroplasts do diatoms have ?
where did the chinese nationalists move the mausoleum away from advancing chinese communist forces ?
who works to get workers higher compensation ?
what did mlolongo system lead to ?
what two denver players ranked at 5 percent for sacks ?
upon learning of a french scounting party in the area , what did washington do ?
who first discovered his body ?
how much does a probationer earn , after 6 years of service ?
what concept , originally discovered by black , was later discovered independently by watt ?
along with one veteran , what other two types of crew could be included in lieu of veterans after the successful landings of apollo 11 and 12 ?
what does the kcpe determine ?
who is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa ?
what was the defeat of the arab troops at the hand of the israeli troops during the six-day war ?
for which doctor did keff mcculloch provide the theme ?
what does a teacher need to be with regards to their subject matter ?
when was the soulages collection acquired ?
the umc supports research on what cells retrieved from umbilical cords ?
what type of numbers are always multiples of 2 ?
in what show did murray gold modify the closing credits theme ?
what is the concrete choice typically assumed by most complexity-theoretic theorems ?
which parish church in newcastle is typically agreed to be the oldest one in town ?
from what pad was apollo 5 launched from ?
when was the drainage basin of the amazon believed to have split in the middle of south america ?
local church and certified are two types of what ?
where did turabi place students sympathetic to his views ?
what kind of fiction is tesla 's work featured in ?
what class of ships is an example of large passenger liners ?
who is expected to lead the family in spiritual mentorship ?
since what year did the university offer a doctorate in music composition ?
what are some large pharmacy management companies ?
how many us states do no practice corporal punishment ?
what were the fossils that were found to represent ctenphores missing that current ctenphora have ?
why did the police bring tesla back to gospic ?
in the process of vaccination , what is introduced in order to develop a specific immunity ?
what did the sparks do to the insulation ?
approximately how many objects are in the v & a sculpture collection ?
what was warsaw the most diverse of in poland ?
what was planned for luther by frederick iii after the meeting ?
in what year was the first commercial steam powered device invented ?
which train company provides local and regional services ?
what other clashes were involved in taking louisbourg ?
what differs about secondary chloroplasts ' membranes ?
how many times was manning intercepted during the 2015 season ?
what 's the name of the united kingdom 's sole remaining news cinema ?
what is the scenario called in which we do n't change our greenhouse gas creation practices ?
what is considered the centerpiece of the jameel gallery of islamic art ?
how many square kilometers of rainforest is covered in the basin ?
in early 2012 , goodell said that super bowl 50 would be what ?
what does the highest level of the vistula plateau contain ?
what kind of cell identifies pathogens when the antibodies on its surface complex with a specific foreign antigen ?
how far apart are the outer pd ring 's filaments ?
in 1949 , upt was forced to become an independent entity by whom ?
how long would this coalition last ?
what are the wave-particles called that mediate all electromagnetic phenomena ?
what did luther consider faith to be ?
how much turbine power is consumed by the pump while the work fluid is condensed ?
where can a tribute to the fall of warsaw be found ?
what religion did henry renounce upon ascending the throne ?
who did the mongols send to bukhara as administrators ?
in what series did abc present it 's 1950s film adaptations in ?
when imperialism impacts social norms of a state , what is it called ?
at what point does oxygen toxicity begin to happen ?
in what years did bach use more of luther 's hymns in his compositions ?
what limits the rankine cycle 's efficiency ?
what can orthogonal forces be when there are three components with two at right angles to each other ?
what does 'plastid ' mean ?
there 's a unesco world heritage site in the rhine gorge between the koblenz and what ?
how much of the protein products of transferred genes do n't go back to chloroplasts ?
what was the name of the first successful credit card ?
what do the membership of the committees reflect ?
disney-abc television group is a subsidiary of what division of the walt disney company ?
what denver player caught the ball 76 times in the 2015 season ?
how many tonnes of tomatoes does victoria produce ?
who had the best record in the nfc ?
who found that protestants voted for nazis more than catholics ?
who discussed twigg 's study in 2002 ?
what has recently undergone extensive restoration ?
what encouraged cultural exchange under the yuan ?
what root problem can cause starch buildup ?
what is generally considered to be the most basic iteration of a turing machine ?
while producing oxygen , what gas does a zeolite sieve absorb ?
what is the translation of the old north branch of rhe rhine ?
which two mongol leaders added persia to the mongol empire ?
what do ftsz1 and ftsz2 combine into ?
in which year did the gallery of japanese art open ?
what alumni was also obama 's campaign adviser ?
what was the concept of force an integral part of ?
when was warsaw ranked as the 32nd most liveable city in the world ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the university 's four graduate divisions ?
what are dart frogs are known to secrete ?
when was the third period of high viewership for the doctor who series ?
what part of france were the normans located ?
who was the war of currents waged between ?
what general religious belief did the nations that received huguenot refugees have in common ?
what did kublai do to prevent famines ?
how many pages was the kalven report statement ?
excessive bureaucratic red tape is one of the reasons for what type of ownership ?
who influenced the taliban 's ideology ?
when was the cretaceous-paleogen extinction occur ?
which empire bordered the mongol empire to the west in 1218 ?
what was the national viewership reach of abc in 1958 ?
what is very important for the growth of the economy ?
how much time did he claim had to pass before he gave the ray to the world ?
for about how long would the extended lm allow a surface stay on the moon ?
vice president agnew describes civil disobedience in what activities ?
what was the advantage that the lor method produced in the event of a spacecraft failure ?
what makes static friction go up or down in responce to contact characteristics between an object and the surface it is on ?
what function do compounds like phenol and acetone serve in the manufacture of many other substances ?
what does oxygen cause to form on metals ?
when was the university library founded ?
which british sculptor whose work include the queen victoria memorial in front of buckingham palace is included in the v & a collection ?
what long term agenda was the acts of plundering muslim lands by the west ?
what is the main reason consulting pharmacists are increasingly working directly with patients ?
where did the movement that would become the united methodist church begin ?
what thesis specifies that a polynomial relationship exists within time complexities in a computational model ?
what was the definition of professionals , for this study ?
what is the atomic number for oxygen ?
what is the youngest student a teacher might have ?
what type of hermaphrodite produces egg and sperm at different times ?
along with drought , what is one other factor that is pushing the amazon rainforest towards a tipping point ?
what does the acronym csm stand for ?
what type of launch was happening during the apollo 1 incident ?
what academy did tugh temur found ?
what kind of human t cells respond to common molecules produced by microbes ?
what was the name of the battle that marked the first confederate win in florida ?
when did the siege of antioch take place ?
what was the teacher 's role while the child was with them ?
what type of markets is the dwelling type below ?
what is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is very challenging ?
what anitrust regulator had doubts about the itt and abc merger ?
what did tesla 's teachers believe he was doing while in school ?
when using a probabilistic algorithm , how is the probability that the number is composite expressed mathematically ?
other theories of the word 's origin can be generally classed as what ?
what is th elast name of the player who was the super bowl 50 winner 's leading rusher ?
who was one man who joined hands and said " lord of the church , we are united in thee ... ? "
what does the name fresno mean in spanish ?
how many of the fifteen points of discussion were agreed on ?
what company did the abc network 's parent company merge with in the 1980s ?
how many yards did denver have for super bowl 50 ?
on what service were all my children and one life to live revived on for one season ?
where did korea border kublai 's territory ?
what term best describes southern california 's collection of landscapes ?
what policy did the kelven report contain ?
what was the containment failure rate in a tobacco plant study using plastid transformation ?
how many times did arizona turn the ball over in the nfc championship ?
how many professors does the warsaw university of technology employ ?
what has given a boost to manufacturing in recent years ?
what queen opened the first covered railway station in the world ?
how long has the imagery of the mermaid been used by warsaw ?
what kind of gradients does cpdna have ?
where do ipcc reports get their information ?
when do bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera excrete secretions ?
what does piketty feel was the biggest factors in reducing inequality between 1914 to 1945 ?
in what year was rose mary denman defrocked for openly living with a same-sex partner ?
who can enforce european union law ?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on temperature levels ?
what , rather than islamism , requires explanation ?
what did thoreau ask a public figure the taxman to do ?
what can cause fluctuations in the production of corn ?
what is the highest peak in victoria ?
what year was the university of warsaw established ?
what is the cjeu 's duty ?
case complexities provide three likelihoods of what differing variable that remains the same size ?
gosforth and byker are the largest shopping areas of what type ?
what victory symbols did the mongols build on the plains outside samarkand ?
which episode was matt smith 's final one as doctor who ?
what ranking does the super bowl 50 halftime show have on the list of most watched tv broadcasts ?
in the article 's title , what did the machine hope to end ?
what was julian hawthorne 's relation to tesla ?
who assembles the authors ' contributions ?
what reference is there to huguenot lacemakers in the 19th century ?
who was the first known european to visit china and return ?
what type of ballot is used to elect the presiding officer and deputies of the parliament ?
what would a teacher do for someone who is timid ?
in what year did a doctor first become nominated for a best actor award ?
what 's the regional nickname for newcastle and its surrounding area ?
if the head of government refuses to enforce a decision of the highest court what terminology could be used ?
what force acts on an object suspended on a spring scale in addition to gravity ?
who constructed newcastle 's station ?
by how many kilometers does the traveling salesman problem seek to classify a route between the 15 largest cities in germany ?
along with electric motors , what type of engines superseded piston steam engines ?
what is one avenue being compensated for by having committees serve such a large role ?
what is the law of thermodynamics associated with closed system heat exchange ?
who initially took over as president of capital cities/abc after daniel burke left ?
along with the congregation of christian brothers , what is a notable religious group that runs fee-paying schools in ireland ?
what does china 's investment mean for kenya ?
who was the denver head coach for super bowl 50 ?
what did john dunn invent ?
what two doctors does the war doctor exist between ?
what other inventor did he work with ?
what does being an msp share with the house of commons ?
cypiddids are not what ?
which country today is a remnant of the ottoman empire ?
what is the term for a mathematical model that theoretically represents a general computing machine ?
what does the inability to separate islam from islamism lead many in the west to support ?
james hutton published a 2 volume version of his theories in what year ?
what are abc 's current daytime talk shows ?
what is another notable university in warsaw after the university of warsaw ?
how did some suspect that polo learned about china instead of by actually visiting it ?
what device is used to recycle the boiler water in most steam engines ?
what were x.25 and frame relay used for
what is a typical configuration
what is the mongolian spelling of genghis khan ?
what famous author used similarity and likeness of percy shelly in his writing ?
what else did pamela jelimo win after the olympics ?
during what decade did the campus start to look more modern ?
what is the upper house of the parliament of victoria called ?
what was the name of the florida huguenot colony ?
what is the city centre of warsaw called in polish ?
what position does von miller play ?
who did the broncos defeat in the afc championship game ?
what will ensure and create the framework for the action plan to work ?
what channel replaced sky travel ?
there is growing interest in what indigenous group in the amazon ?
how many bus companies provide service to the city of newcastle ?
what do wages work in the same way as for any other good ?
which single did beyoncé and coldplay collaborate on ?
what other activities does the unfccc require the ipcc to run ?
what does fortiter defendit triumphans mean ?
what building from the 19th century was destroyed between the 1950s and 1960s ?
j. a. hobson wanted which races to develop the world ?
what did paul baran develop in the late 1950 's
when were the negotiations finished in mansfeld ?
what is sometimes more effective than civil disobedience at times ?
who challenged the plague theory first ?
iran has assisted what type of groups in iraq ?
the bruins belong to which college ?
how many panthers defense players were selected for the pro bowl ?
what do apicoplasts synthesize ?
where are the streams the rhine captured ?
fossils found that were believed to be ctenophores were how old ?
what region of china is hebei part of ?
what is the name of a teacher in tibetan buddhism ?
when did the colonization of india occur ?
what makes the tentilla of euplokamis different from other cysippids ?
besides constant flooding , why else was there regulation of the rhine ?
there are 34 cities in southern california that have a population exceeding what number ?
in what area is it common for spiritual mentorship to be extremely high ?
what device is a dry cooling tower similar to ?
historically , which movement has the methodist church supported ?
who did toghrul join in a campaign against temüjin ?
how are green chloroplasts ' plastoglobuli arranged ?
what might the fees to attend an irish boarding school rise to ?
who did the north declare for during the english civil war ?
what award was given to tesla ?
how far is jacksonville from miami ?
what happened as a result of the russo-japanese war ?
after reopening , where will the art pieces be located after restoration ?
who was ayurbarwada 's son ?
what time did a river system develop in the upper rhine graben ?
how did the party overthrow the elected government in 1989 ?
what choice did french have for surrendering land ?
how many granal thylakoids are usually in each granum ?
x.25 uses what type network type
how far apart are some of the neighborhood 's features ?
a function problem is an example of what ?
sky uk limited is formerly known by what name ?
why was ac electricity gaining popularity ?
how wide is the rhine in germany between emmrich and cleves ?
how did luther respond to agricola ?
who may assign elders ?
what is the largest denomination within the wider methodist movement ?
what was the colonia agrippina 's original name ?
whose saying about freeing souls from purgatory was often quoted ?
what did philip i wish to do around 1539 ?
what type of venue is the teatr wielki ?
who were the sculpture galleries that opened in 2006 named after ?
what was one of luther 's most personal writings ?
who filed an objection to the bbc using the blue police box in doctor who merchandise ?
when was the article published ?
who mapped the st. johns river in 1562 ?
what was the score of the last game the carolina panthers played prior to the nfc championship ?
how many times more did the other nations have to pay for oil after the surprise attack ?
what contributed to the decreased inequality between trained and untrained workers ?
who did tesla try to get money from ?
when did doctor who win an award for best drama series ?
where did the president appoint cabinet members from ?
why was nbc unable to broadcast the coronation of queen elizabeth ii ?
where did the discharge from glaciers go in europe in the last ice age ?
along with geothermal and nuclear , what is a notable non-combustion heat source ?
what items comprise the john jones collection ?
by whom is european law applied by ?
where was luther mostly concentrating his efforts on reform ?
who patronized the monks in italy ?
what is one reason a patient might choose an internet pharmacy ?
who has design authority over all of the digital satellite receivers that are capable of using their service ?
what is the second most abundant element ?
what proclamation gave huguenots special privileges in brandenburg ?
what society founded the university of chicago ?
what is said to be the largest travelling funfair in europe ?
who was edward the confessor 's half-brother ?
how long did plague last in the ottoman empire ?
what phenomenon has led to criticism ?
what does the average temperatures exceed in the summer ?
what was intended to take a csm and lm , fully fueled , to the moon ?
where do platycenida live ?
in what era did some members of this community emigrate to the us ?
how many days does the council have to override the mayor 's veto ?
who was tesla prejudiced against ?
what are private schools that charge no tuition called ?
what tax rate has a direct relationship with income inequality ?
when was the teaching council act passed ?
how many seats are in the debating chamber ?
what present-day area was this settlement near ?
the merger between itt and abc was suspended after a complaint was filed by whom in july 1967 ?
what kind of light is important for chloroplasts to divide ?
what year did the carolina panthers form ?
who funds the ipcc 's deputy secretary ?
what is the average construction salary in the middle east ?
horizontal layers of what are pulled along a surface into a back stop in analog versions of orogenic wedge experiments ?
what was used to from political alliances among the mongolian tribal confederations ?
what historical figure was jacksonville named after ?
what 's the climate like in newcastle ?
what earlier market did the grainger market replace ?
which series version had a negative reception from some doctor who viewers ?
how many people were in french north american colonies ?
sleep hormone release supports formation of immune memory by initiating what immune response ?
where was shirey going to be when fort oswego was to be attacked ?
where is the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction located ?
why is the current sea level rising ?
how many drugs approved by the fda in 2013 were specialty drugs ?
what type of vote must the parliament have to either block or suggest changes to the commission 's proposals ?
when are the new sky q products going to be available ?
what is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings ?
where did von lettow surrender at ?
what is one of the reason that us production has been held responsible for recessions and lower economic growth ?
who explored ohio territory in 1750 ?
when upt bough abc , what was the merged company called ?
what must be done to make non public lawbreaking acknowledged as civil disobedience ?
what complex measurements were defined by " on the computational complexity of algorithms " ?
richard allen and absalom jones were licensed by st. george 's church in what year ?
in what kind of fluid are pressure differences caused by direction of forces over gradients ?
where was edison machine works located ?
what are more common in other plastids than chloroplasts ?
who created the 2005 theme for doctor who ?
the adaptive immune system must distinguish between what types of molecules ?
which nbc radio network was tasked with testing new programs ?
plants lack what kind of immune cells ?
in sept 1760 who negotiated a capitulation from montreal ?
what was renumbered in newcastle upon completion of the western bypass ?
what did luther 's area and tradition believe jews to be guilty of ?
what was media day called for super bowl 50 ?
since thoreau was not a well known writer what happened when he was arrested ?
what dynasty came after the yuan ?
oxygen is released in cellular respiration by ?
what are the proteins that organisms use to identify molecules associated with pathogens ?
when was skylab 's last crew on the station before it re-entered earth 's atmosphere ?
what was a plugs-out test done to simulate on the lc-34 ?
what type of fault boundary is defined by having widespread powerful earthquakes , as in the state of california ?
when did kublai attack xiangyang ?
what institution has helped farmers grow new pigeon pea varieties ?
what are the three major types of rock ?
super bowl 50 determined the nfl champion for what season ?
when was the regime in pakistan overthrown by general zia-ul-haq ?
in which etude of neumes rythmiques do the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in ?
fielding h. garrison believes that the science of geology can be traced to where ?
in organizing a new church , what did luther find to be unworkable for congregations ?
what leader led the dutch revolt and wrote apologie ?
what school did both hank marvin and bruce welch attend ?
how much time was left in the game when denver took the score to 24-10 ?
turtles and jellyfish can eat large quantities of what ?
what is decreased by staging expansion across multiple cylinders ?
about what weather feature do paleoclimatologists want information ?
who did peyton manning play for as a rookie ?
who was margaret 's husband ?
what did the finding of gold in victoria cause ?
when did internet pharmacies begin to come into being ?
what is dramatic gesturing an example of ?
the asante and lunda empires were in which region ?
what body constitutes the supreme legislature of scotland ?
in what year was the school renamed as harvard college ?
which country rationed gasoline and heating gas ?
any number larger than 1 can be represented as a product of what ?
where did tesla work in budapest ?
why did he fire the secretary ?
what does rhodophyte mean ?
what did standard & poor recommend to speed economy recovery ?
what happened to dane ?
who does bskyb have an operating license from ?
when did good morning america begin airing ?
who sequenced the first plastome ?
the huguenots were the first europeans to live in what modern new york borough ?
what does yeke mongghul ulus mean ?
what type of exercise does research show receives a boost in performance from oxygen ?
downtown burbank is an example of what kind of district ?
what kind of electricity was tesla investigating ?
what are the three major traditions present in christianity ?
what is attributed to the income inequality in the united states ?
when did luther travel to mansfeld twice ?
what combined with ricing prices to make it difficult or impossible for poor people to keep pace ?
the rhine gets how much water from the aare ?
how many mechanisms does a typical steam engine have to keep boiler pressure from getting too high ?
what is the name of the chairman of the board of trustees ?
what was tesla 's plan to make students " bright " ?
what does the electrolysis of water produce ?
how many galleries does the v & a have ?
what was the goal of braddock 's expedition ?
with whom must someone who wants to teach register ?
what party rules in melbourne 's inner regions ?
in what year were tesla 's motor and transformer designs licensed to westinghouse ?
what is harvard 's total financial aid reserves ?
what is the ranking of the military forces in jacksonville ?
what does less education lead to when working ?
when did the germanic tribes claim territory in north and west europe ?
what is the delta in the rhine delimited in the east by ?
what is a cairns replication intermediate ?
how much rain per year does fresno get on average ?
if the apparant force of two fermions is attractive , what is the spin function ?
what is a quarter of warsaw filled with ?
when did the european anti-fraud office investigate john dalli ?
where does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany ?
what was the most revered award that doctor who has won ?
what did he do with wardenclyffe ?
where is newcastle 's horse racing course located ?
in considering turing machines and alternate variables , what measurement left unaffected by conversion between machine models ?
what night did abc move ugly betty to in an attempt to boost the series ratings ?
where are teachers recruited from ?
what are the two major thoroughfares of sunnyside ?
what document formed the parliament of victoria ?
what kind of engines did the biplane design have ?
what marine engines were less efficient than steam turbines ?
what will the number " 50 " be plated with ?
in what year did doctor who state that he was the last time lord ?
who used imperialism during their rule of the mongol empire ?
which artist has a piece of his artwork located at the fulton mall ?
what rate of unionization do scandinavian nations have ?
what company was formed by the merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting ?
what gauge of rail lines do two tourist lines use ?
how many narrow gauge rail lines were previously government owned ?
what kind of contract is given when the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction , while adhering to the performance specifications ?
how is circuit switching allocated
how long did the 5th president 's tenure last ?
what is the name of the stadium in san francisco bay area ?
what was the main reason for the show 's suspension in 1989 ?
name two series that have been reboots rather than plot continuations .
what kind of marriage was this ?
who is the current premier of victoria ?
what was genghis khan 's tribes burial custom ?
other than the ijssel , where does the water from the pannerdens kanaal redsitrubute ?
what is a turbine 's theoretical carnot efficiency ?
according to the nobel foundation what has to happen before someone can decline a prize ?
the southern part of the amazon forest was mainly impacted by drought in what year ?
what was tesla 's father 's original plans for tesla ?
when did the venetians take total control of cyprus ?
what two radio stations in denver carried super bowl 50 ?
what is incorrectly thought about the outer chloroplast membrane ?
where did two leaders join hands and " give birth " to a new denomination ?
why was tanaghrisson supporting british efforts ?
how much saharan dust falls over the amazon basin each year ?
what kinds of sciences were social darwinism and theories of race ?
how much did it cost to build levi 's stadium ?
who wanted to acquire patents an ac motor .
what is the largest ctenophore ?
what is the low end of the temperature range in summer ?
who did internet2 partner with
who was the ruling class ahead of the normans ?
what animals does the vistula river 's ecosystem include ?
on what day was super bowl opening night held ?
which team did not get a chance to defend their super bowl xlix win in super bowl 50 ?
