in contrast , the humoral theory of immunity , held , among others , by robert koch and emil von behring , stated that the active immune agents were soluble components ( molecules ) found in the organism ’ s “ humors ” rather than its cells .
in the imperial household , the pharmacist was even ranked above the two personal physicians of the emperor .
abc 's other owned-and-operated stations launched over the course of the next 13 months : wenr-tv in chicago signed on the air on september 17 , while wxyz-tv in detroit went on the air on october 9 , 1948. in october 1948 , as a result of an influx of television station license applications that it had issued as well as a study it undertook on the use of the vhf spectrum for broadcasting purposes , the fcc implemented a freeze on new station applications .
the packets are routed individually , sometimes resulting in different paths and out-of-order delivery .
subsequently , californios ( dissatisfied with inequitable taxes and land laws ) and pro-slavery southerners in the lightly populated " cow counties " of southern california attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve a separate statehood or territorial status separate from northern california .
these included raids or invasions of the qara khitai , caucasus , khwarezmid empire , western xia and jin dynasties .
still , the denomination is pro-choice and also " was a founding member of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ... [ and ] 2008 general conference [ went ] on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice " .
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg .
this trend may be gradually reversing as consultant pharmacists begin to work directly with patients , primarily because many elderly people are now taking numerous medications but continue to live outside of institutional settings .
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway .
a growing cause of concern are that attacks on teachers in welsh schools which reached an all-time high between 2005 and 2010 .
the u.s. government has engaged in efforts to counter islamism , or violent islamism , since 2001. these efforts were centred in the u.s. around public diplomacy programmes conducted by the state department .
packet mode communication may be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes ( packet switches or routers ) .
in late 1961 and early 1962 , members of the manned spacecraft center began to come around to support lor , including the newly hired deputy director of the office of manned space flight , joseph shea , who became a champion of lor .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
for example , the aforementioned fact that there are infinitely many primes can also be seen using the zeta function : if there were only finitely many primes then ζ ( 1 ) would have a finite value .
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere .
recent concerns about fuel sources and pollution have incited a renewed interest in steam both as a component of cogeneration processes and as a prime mover .
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section .
gandhi 's acts have been described as revolutionary civil disobedience .
throughout the 1580s , riots led to the expulsion of jews from several german lutheran states .
bowman was the director of the american geographical society in 1914. three years later in 1917 , he was appointed to then president woodrow wilson 's inquiry in 1917. the inquiry was the idea of president wilson and the american delegation from the paris peace conference .
the united methodist church believes in prima scriptura , seeing the holy bible as the primary authority in the church and using sacred tradition , reason , and experience to interpret it , with the aid of the holy spirit ( see wesleyan quadrilateral ) .
for the complexity classes defined in this way , it is desirable to prove that relaxing the requirements on ( say ) computation time indeed defines a bigger set of problems .
the region is home to about 2.5 million insect species , tens of thousands of plants , and some 2,000 birds and mammals .
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world .
in its harshest form it preached that muslims should not only " always oppose " infidels " in every way , " but " hate them for their religion ... for allah 's sake , " that democracy " is responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century , " that shia and other non-wahhabi muslims were infidels , etc .
among the largest predatory creatures are the black caiman , jaguar , cougar , and anaconda .
temperature extremes recorded at newcastle weather centre include 32.5 °c ( 90.5 °f ) during august 1990 down to −12.6 °c ( 9.3 °f ) during january 1982. in contrast to other areas influenced by the gulf stream , such as inland scandinavia , newcastle has milder winters and cooler summers , similar to the remainder of the british isles .
plastoglobuli were once thought to be free-floating in the stroma , but it is now thought that they are permanently attached either to a thylakoid or to another plastoglobulus attached to a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network .
euglenophytes are a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga .
later under genghis khan 's grandson batu and the golden horde , the mongols returned to conquer volga bulgaria and kievan rus ' in 1237 , concluding the campaign in 1240 .
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china .
oxygen storage methods include high pressure oxygen tanks , cryogenics and chemical compounds .
the river tyne had the temporary bambuco bridge in 2008 for ten days ; it was not made for walking , road or cycling , but was just a sculpture .
however , he concedes that the effect of trade on inequality in america is minor when compared to other causes , such as technological innovation , a view shared by other experts .
killer t cells are activated when their t cell receptor ( tcr ) binds to this specific antigen in a complex with the mhc class i receptor of another cell .
the area includes many california bungalow and american craftsman style homes , spanish colonial revival style architecture , mediterranean revival style architecture , mission revival style architecture , and many storybook houses designed by fresno architects , hilliard , taylor & wheeler .
dikes , long , planar igneous intrusions , enter along cracks , and therefore often form in large numbers in areas that are being actively deformed .
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls .
the tardis has a " chameleon circuit " which normally allows the machine to take on the appearance of local objects as a disguise .
apicoplasts have lost all photosynthetic function , and contain no photosynthetic pigments or true thylakoids .
most of the modern day population growth is based on internal migration and urbanisation .
when two forces act on a point particle , the resulting force , the resultant ( also called the net force ) , can be determined by following the parallelogram rule of vector addition : the addition of two vectors represented by sides of a parallelogram , gives an equivalent resultant vector that is equal in magnitude and direction to the transversal of the parallelogram .
established originally by the massachusetts legislature and soon thereafter named for john harvard ( its first benefactor ) , harvard is the united states ' oldest institution of higher learning , and the harvard corporation ( formally , the president and fellows of harvard college ) is its first chartered corporation .
this passive immunity is usually short-term , lasting from a few days up to several months .
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
citizenship of the eu has increasingly been seen as a " fundamental " status of member state nationals by the court of justice , and has accordingly increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move .
an important factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals ' access to education .
there are conflicting views of genghis khan in the people 's republic of china with some viewing him positively in the inner mongolia region where there are a monument and buildings about him and where there is a considerable number of mongols in the area with a population of around 5 million , almost twice the population of mongolia .
though there is no official definition for the northern boundary of southern california , such a division has existed from the time when mexico ruled california , and political disputes raged between the californios of monterey in the upper part and los angeles in the lower part of alta california .
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) .
smaller settlements , which included killeshandra in county cavan , contributed to the expansion of flax cultivation and the growth of the irish linen industry .
after a chloroplast polypeptide is synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol , an enzyme specific to chloroplast proteins phosphorylates , or adds a phosphate group to many ( but not all ) of them in their transit sequences .
after each election to the scottish parliament , at the beginning of each parliamentary session , parliament elects one msp to serve as presiding officer , the equivalent of the speaker ( currently tricia marwick ) , and two msps to serve as deputies ( currently elaine smith and john scott ) .
he later attributed his decision to an event : on 2 july 1505 , he was returning to university on horseback after a trip home .
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of 874.3 square miles ( 2,264 km2 ) , making jacksonville the largest city in land area in the contiguous united states ; of this , 86.66 % ( 757.7 sq mi or 1,962 km2 ) is land and ; 13.34 % ( 116.7 sq mi or 302 km2 ) is water .
however , abc made a name for itself by utilizing the practice of counterprogramming , with which it often placed shows of its own against the offerings of nbc and cbs , adopting the use of the magnetophon tape recorder , brought to the u.s. from nazi germany after its conquest , to pre-record its programming .
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
the implication that the style of lace known as 'bucks point ' demonstrates a huguenot influence , being a " combination of mechlin patterns on lille ground " , is fallacious : what is now known as mechlin lace did not develop until first half of the eighteenth century and lace with mechlin patterns and lille ground did not appear until the end of the 18th century , when it was widely copied throughout europe .
meanwhile , denver 's offense was kept out of the end zone for three plays , but a holding penalty on cornerback josh norman gave the broncos a new set of downs .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
in addition , helper t cell activation causes an upregulation of molecules expressed on the t cell 's surface , such as cd40 ligand ( also called cd154 ) , which provide extra stimulatory signals typically required to activate antibody-producing b cells .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
some examples of intracellular pathogens include viruses , the food poisoning bacterium salmonella and the eukaryotic parasites that cause malaria ( plasmodium falciparum ) and leishmaniasis ( leishmania spp . ) .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
however , the development of suburbs and a subsequent wave of middle class " white flight " left jacksonville with a much poorer population than before .
what we now call gravity was not identified as a universal force until the work of isaac newton .
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block .
the rhine is the longest river in germany .
[ note 6 ] in 1978 a disco version of the theme was released in the uk , denmark and australia by the group mankind , which reached number 24 in the uk charts .
this reference from the bible forms the foundation for the doctrine known as the divine right of kings , or , in the german case , the divine right of the princes .
the jawaharlal nehru gallery of indian art , opened in 1991 , contains art from about 500 bc to the 19th century .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
his companions are usually humans , as he has found a fascination with planet earth .
in a collaboration with paul speratus , this and seven other hymns were published in the achtliederbuch , the first lutheran hymnal .
women played a relatively important role in mongol empire and in family , for example töregene khatun was briefly in charge of the mongol empire when next male khagan was being chosen .
because of the failure to explain the deamination gradient as well as the numerous plant species that have been shown to have circular cpdna , the predominant theory continues to hold that most cpdna is circular and most likely replicates via a d loop mechanism .
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports .
the surface of most metals , such as aluminium and titanium , are oxidized in the presence of air and become coated with a thin film of oxide that passivates the metal and slows further corrosion .
the walt disney company is also a part-owner of hulu ( as part of a consortium that includes , among other parties , the respective parent companies of nbc and fox , nbcuniversal and 21st century fox ) , and has offered full-length episodes of most of abc 's programming through the streaming service since july 6 , 2009 ( which are available for viewing on hulu 's website and mobile app ) , as part of an agreement reached in april that year that also allowed disney to acquire a 27 % ownership stake in hulu .
an architect normally manages the job , and a construction manager , design engineer , construction engineer or project manager supervises it .
premiering the day after the assassination of john f. kennedy , the first episode of doctor who was repeated with the second episode the following week .
there are many differences between the teachers for elementary schools ( grundschule ) , lower secondary schools ( hauptschule ) , middle level secondary schools ( realschule ) and higher level secondary schools ( gymnasium ) .
they retained the religious provisions of the edict of nantes until the rule of louis xiv , who progressively increased persecution of them until he issued the edict of fontainebleau ( 1685 ) , which abolished all legal recognition of protestantism in france , and forced the huguenots to convert .
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction .
luther insisted on the real presence of the body and blood of christ in the consecrated bread and wine , which he called the sacramental union , while his opponents believed god to be only spiritually or symbolically present .
among them , the original fresno county courthouse ( demolished ) , the fresno carnegie public library ( demolished ) , the fresno water tower , the bank of italy building , the pacific southwest building , the san joaquin light & power building ( currently known as the grand 1401 ) , and the hughes hotel ( burned down ) , to name a few .
on the french side , the grand canal d'alsace was dug , which carries a significant part of the river water , and all of the traffic .
it stands on the vistula river in east-central poland , roughly 260 kilometres ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea and 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains .
miller had six total tackles ( five solo ) , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
much of jacksonville 's filipino community served in or has ties to the united states navy .
the u.s. government has engaged in efforts to counter islamism , or violent islamism , since 2001. these efforts were centred in the u.s. around public diplomacy programmes conducted by the state department .
while most chloroplasts originate from that first set of endosymbiotic events , paulinella chromatophora is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently .
subsequently , californios ( dissatisfied with inequitable taxes and land laws ) and pro-slavery southerners in the lightly populated " cow counties " of southern california attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve a separate statehood or territorial status separate from northern california .
the secondary level includes schools offering years 7 through 12 ( year twelve is known as lower sixth ) and year 13 ( upper sixth ) .
a " general question time " takes place on a thursday between 11:40 a.m. and 12 p.m. where members can direct questions to any member of the scottish government .
for the third straight season , the number one seeds from both conferences met in the super bowl .
inherited wealth may help explain why many americans who have become rich may have had a " substantial head start " .
the last was owned by electronics manufacturer radio corporation of america ( rca ) , which owned two radio networks that each ran different varieties of programming , nbc blue and nbc red .
the region is traditionally described as " eight counties " , based on demographics and economic ties : imperial , los angeles , orange , riverside , san bernardino , san diego , santa barbara , and ventura .
tullow oil estimates kenya 's oil reserves to be around 10 billion barrels .
spreading throughout the mediterranean and europe , the black death is estimated to have killed 30–60 % of europe 's total population .
between about 1964 and 1973 , large amounts of older material stored in the bbc 's various video tape and film libraries were either destroyed , [ note 3 ] wiped , or suffered from poor storage which led to severe deterioration from broadcast quality .
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) .
the ipcc fourth assessment report ( ar4 ) published in 2007 featured a graph showing 12 proxy based temperature reconstructions , including the three highlighted in the 2001 third assessment report ( tar ) ; mann , bradley & hughes 1999 as before , jones et al .
montpellier was among the most important of the 66 " villes de sûreté " that the edict of 1598 granted to the huguenots .
they help transfer and dissipate excess energy , and their bright colors sometimes override the chlorophyll green , like during the fall , when the leaves of some land plants change color .
antigen specificity allows for the generation of responses that are tailored to specific pathogens or pathogen-infected cells .
salaries for teachers depend on the civil servants ' salary index scale ( bundesbesoldungsordnung ) .
newcastle student radio is run by students from both of the city 's universities , broadcasting from newcastle university 's student 's union building during term time .
therefore , the church supports and extends its ministry to those persons who conscientiously oppose all war , or any particular war , and who therefore refuse to serve in the armed forces or to cooperate with systems of military conscription .
in november 2006 , the victorian legislative council elections were held under a new multi-member proportional representation system .
in 1958 , a study recommended that the city of jacksonville begin annexing outlying communities in order to create the needed tax base to improve services throughout the county .
in 1990 , thomas s. murphy delegated his position as president to daniel b. burke while remaining abc 's chairman and ceo .
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia .
however , most of hearst television 's 16 abc-affiliated stations transmit the network 's programming in 1080i hd , while 11 other affiliates owned by various companies carry the network feed in 480i standard definition either due to technical considerations for affiliates of other major networks that carry abc programming on a digital subchannel or because a primary feed abc affiliate has not yet upgraded their transmission equipment to allow content to be presented in hd .
in 1959 , walt disney productions , having improved its financial situation , had purchased abc 's shares in the disneyland theme park for $ 7.5 million and initiated discussions to renew abc 's television contract for walt disney presents , which was due to expire in 1961. walt disney was approached by nbc to produce color broadcasts of his anthology series ( which would be renamed walt disney 's wonderful world of color ) .
until the oil shock , the price had also remained fairly stable versus other currencies and commodities .
other prominent alumni include anthropologists david graeber and donald johanson , who is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as " lucy " in the afar triangle region , psychologist john b. watson , american psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , communication theorist harold innis , chess grandmaster samuel reshevsky , and conservative international relations scholar and white house coordinator of security planning for the national security council samuel p. huntington .
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) .
most norman knights remained poor and land-hungry , and by 1066 normandy had been exporting fighting horsemen for more than a generation .
the umc supports federal funding for research on embryos created for ivf that remain after the procreative efforts have ceased , if the embryos were provided for research instead of being destroyed , were not obtained by sale , and those donating had given prior informed consent for the research purposes .
as well as period rooms , the collection includes parts of buildings , for example the two top stories of the facade of sir paul pindar 's house dated c1600 from bishopsgate with elaborately carved wood work and leaded windows , a rare survivor of the great fire of london , there is a brick portal from a london house of the english restoration period and a fireplace from the gallery of northumberland house .
full citizenship rights – ‘ ’ assimilation ’ ’ – were offered , although in reality assimilation was always on the distant horizon .
bskyb 's direct-to-home satellite service became available in 10 million homes in 2010 , europe 's first pay-tv platform in to achieve that milestone .
the 2005 series reveals that the ninth doctor thought he was the last surviving time lord , and that his home planet had been destroyed ; in " the empty child " ( 2005 ) , dr. constantine states that , " before the war even began , i was a father and a grandfather .
however , a distinct lymphocyte-derived molecule has been discovered in primitive jawless vertebrates , such as the lamprey and hagfish .
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1. the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) ! + 1 is divisible by p. moreover , an integer n > 4 is composite if and only if ( n − 1 ) !
a new arrangement of the theme , once again by gold , was introduced in the 2007 christmas special episode , " voyage of the damned " ; gold returned as composer for the 2010 series .
the university operates 12 research institutes and 113 research centers on campus .
bishops thus elected serve episcopal areas , which consist of one or more annual conferences .
nevertheless , there have been serious allegations of human rights violations , most recently while conducting counter-insurgency operations in the mt elgon area and also in the district of mandera central .
maurus servius honoratus , commentary on the aeneid of vergil ( 8.727 ) ( rhenus ) fluvius galliae , qui germanos a gallia dividit " ( the rhine is a ) river of gaul , which divides the germanic people from gaul . "
of course , some complexity classes have complicated definitions that do not fit into this framework .
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 .
being in the rain shadow of the north pennines , it is among the driest cities in the uk .
interactive services and 7-day epg use the proprietary opentv system , with set-top boxes including modems for a return path .
luther wrote " aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir " ( " from depths of woe i cry to you " ) in 1523 as a hymnic version of psalm 130 and sent it as a sample to encourage evangelical colleagues to write psalm-hymns for use in german worship .
this has meant both the european court of justice and the highest national courts have had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems .
these buildings are predominantly four stories high , with vertical dormers , domes , turrets and spikes .
a study in 1999 found one square kilometer ( 247 acres ) of amazon rainforest can contain about 90,790 tonnes of living plants .
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) .
zachęta national gallery of art , the oldest exhibition site in warsaw , with a tradition stretching back to the mid-19th century organises exhibitions of modern art by polish and international artists and promotes art in many other ways .
on december 7 , 1965 , goldenson announced a merger proposal with itt to abc management ; the two companies agreed to the deal on april 27 , 1966. the fcc approved the merger on december 21 , 1966 ; however , the previous day ( december 20 ) , donald f. turner , head antitrust regulator for the united states department of justice , expressed doubts related to such issues as the emerging cable television market , and concerns over the journalistic integrity of abc and how it could be influenced by the overseas ownership of itt .
each midsummer ’ s eve , apart from the official floating of wreaths , jumping over fires , looking for the fern flower , there are musical performances , dignitaries ' speeches , fairs and fireworks by the river bank .
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900. james bryant conant led the university through the great depression and world war ii and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war .
in the middle east , and particularly in iran , genghis khan is almost universally condemned as a destructive and genocidal warlord who caused enormous damage and destruction to the population of these areas .
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) .
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch .
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms .
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit .
undergraduate courses at the university of chicago are known for their demanding standards , heavy workload and academic difficulty ; according to uni in the usa , " among the academic cream of american universities – harvard , yale , princeton , mit , and the university of chicago – it is uchicago that can most convincingly claim to provide the most rigorous , intense learning experience . "
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii .
jimmy creech was defrocked after a highly publicized church trial in 1999 on account of his participation in same-sex union ceremonies .
currently there is no indication as to whether the new deal includes the additional video on demand and high definition content which had previously been offered by bskyb .
the most common dinophyte chloroplast is the peridinin-type chloroplast , characterized by the carotenoid pigment peridinin in their chloroplasts , along with chlorophyll a and chlorophyll c2 .
europe 's expansion into territorial imperialism was largely focused on economic growth by collecting resources from colonies , in combination with assuming political control by military and political means .
based on principles laid out by william smith almost a hundred years before the publication of charles darwin 's theory of evolution , the principles of succession were developed independently of evolutionary thought .
in 1938 , the fcc began a series of investigations into the practices of radio networks and published its report on the broadcasting of network radio programs in 1940. the report recommended that rca give up control of either nbc red or nbc blue .
treatment not only increases oxygen levels in the patient 's blood , but has the secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs , easing work load on the heart .
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . )
with istanbul as its capital and control of lands around the mediterranean basin , the ottoman empire was at the center of interactions between the eastern and western worlds for six centuries .
its substance was very similar to the proposed constitutional treaty , but it was formally an amending treaty , and – though it significantly altered the existing treaties – it did not completely replace them .
a publicly accessible database has been established for the cataloguing of epitopes from pathogens known to be recognizable by b cells .
similar to sister network espn 's watchespn service ( which originated the " watch " brand used by the streaming services of disney 's television networks ) , live streams of abc stations are only available to authenticated subscribers of participating pay television providers in certain markets .
this pattern of higher incomes-longer lives still holds among poorer countries , where life expectancy increases rapidly as per capita income increases , but in recent decades it has slowed down among middle income countries and plateaued among the richest thirty or so countries in the world .
pharmacy technicians are now more dependent upon automation to assist them in their new role dealing with patients ' prescriptions and patient safety issues .
a progressive tax is a tax by which the tax rate increases as the taxable base amount increases .
genghis khan saw the potential advantage in khwarezmia as a commercial trading partner using the silk road , and he initially sent a 500-man caravan to establish official trade ties with the empire .
warsaw provides many examples of architecture from the gothic , renaissance , baroque and neoclassical periods , and around a quarter of the city is filled with luxurious parks and royal gardens .
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion .
the tourism sector has exhibited steady growth in most years since independence and by the late 1980s had become the country 's principal source of foreign exchange .
this function looks like that of a coach using the whole gamut of psychology to get each new class of rookies off the bench and into the game . "
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war .
pathogens can rapidly evolve and adapt , and thereby avoid detection and neutralization by the immune system ; however , multiple defense mechanisms have also evolved to recognize and neutralize pathogens .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
the first direct elections for native kenyans to the legislative council took place in 1957. despite british hopes of handing power to " moderate " local rivals , it was the kenya african national union ( kanu ) of jomo kenyatta that formed a government .
the broncos ' decision to wear white meant the panthers would wear their standard home uniform : black jerseys with silver pants .
as well as being added , forces can also be resolved into independent components at right angles to each other .
ersatzschulen are ordinary primary or secondary schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or religious groups .
it is uncertain how ctenophores control their buoyancy , but experiments have shown that some species rely on osmotic pressure to adapt to water of different densities .
the result is unstable six-carbon molecules that immediately break down into three-carbon molecules called 3-phosphoglyceric acid , or 3-pga .
this " decision time " is heralded by the sounding of the division bell , which is heard throughout the parliamentary campus and alerts msps who are not in the chamber to return and vote .
this state should be a " theo-democracy , " based on the principles of : tawhid ( unity of god ) , risala ( prophethood ) and khilafa ( caliphate ) .
during periods of lower global temperatures , snow and rain from that evaporated water tends to be higher in oxygen-16 , and the seawater left behind tends to be higher in oxygen-18 .
the first historical reference to warsaw dates back to the year 1313 , at a time when kraków served as the polish capital city .
the sama festival , an east asian cultural festival is also held in early october .
luther insisted on the real presence of the body and blood of christ in the consecrated bread and wine , which he called the sacramental union , while his opponents believed god to be only spiritually or symbolically present .
currently detention is one of the most common punishments in schools in the united states , the uk , ireland , singapore and other countries .
the pharmacist must also monitor for potential drug interactions , adverse drug reactions , and assess patient drug allergies while designing and initiating a drug therapy plan .
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union .
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen .
on his 50th birthday in 1906 , tesla demonstrated his 200 horsepower ( 150 kilowatts ) 16,000 rpm bladeless turbine .
the highest level is called the general conference and is the only organization which may speak officially for the church .
since 1999 , big finish productions has released several different series of doctor who audios on cd .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
english chemist john mayow ( 1641–1679 ) refined this work by showing that fire requires only a part of air that he called spiritus nitroaereus or just nitroaereus .
since forces are perceived as pushes or pulls , this can provide an intuitive understanding for describing forces .
the largest and southern main branch begins as waal and continues as boven merwede ( " upper merwede " ) , beneden merwede ( " lower merwede " ) , noord river ( " north river " ) , nieuwe maas ( " new meuse " ) , het scheur ( " the rip " ) and nieuwe waterweg ( " new waterway " ) .
greater london has over 900,000 muslims , ( most of south asian origins and concentrated in the east london boroughs of newham , tower hamlets and waltham forest ) , and among them are some with a strong islamist outlook .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
the aare also contains the waters from the 4,274 m ( 14,022 ft ) summit of finsteraarhorn , the highest point of the rhine basin .
incorporated first by henry ii , the city had a new charter granted by elizabeth in 1589. a 25-foot ( 7.6 m ) high stone wall was built around the town in the 13th century , to defend it from invaders during the border war against scotland .
the usgs has released a california earthquake forecast which models earthquake occurrence in california .
east and central africa 's biggest economy has posted tremendous growth in the service sector , boosted by rapid expansion in telecommunication and financial activity over the last decade , and now [ when ? ]
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
deacons assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism , and may be granted sacramental authority if they are appointed as the pastor in a local church .
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities .
tfeu article 49 says states are exempt from infringing others ' freedom of establishment when they exercise " official authority " , but this did an advocate 's work ( as opposed to a court 's ) was not official .
inflammation is produced by eicosanoids and cytokines , which are released by injured or infected cells .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
a " general question time " takes place on a thursday between 11:40 a.m. and 12 p.m. where members can direct questions to any member of the scottish government .
the university of chicago agreed to confer a degree on any graduating senior from an affiliated school who made a grade of a for all four years , and on any other graduate who took twelve weeks additional study at the university of chicago .
the museum of independence preserves patriotic and political objects connected with poland 's struggles for independence .
in the early 13th century , the khwarazmian dynasty was governed by shah ala ad-din muhammad .
the emperor presented the final draft of the edict of worms on 25 may 1521 , declaring luther an outlaw , banning his literature , and requiring his arrest : " we want him to be apprehended and punished as a notorious heretic . "
that is , they impart magnetic character to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field , because of the spin magnetic moments of the unpaired electrons in the molecule , and the negative exchange energy between neighboring o 2 molecules .
a two-volume illustrated folio paraphrase version based on his manuscript , by jean de rély , was printed in paris in 1487 .
he was a believer in the 19th century concept of an all pervasive " ether " that transmitted electrical energy .
the moon landing data was recorded by a special apollo tv camera which recorded in a format incompatible with broadcast tv .
on june 6 , 1951 , the tentative agreement was approved by upt 's board of directors .
organizational interventions , like changing teachers ' schedules , providing support networks and mentoring , changing the work environment , and offering promotions and bonuses , may be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers .
another example is from the 1986 serial the trial of a time lord , where michael jayston portrayed the valeyard , who is described as an amalgamation of the darker sides of the doctor 's nature , somewhere between his twelfth and final incarnation .
hence ctenophores and cnidarians have traditionally been labelled diploblastic , along with sponges .
teachers in wales can be registered members of trade unions such as atl , nut or nasuwt and reports in recent years suggest that the average age of teachers in wales is falling with teachers being younger than in previous years .
in 1542 , luther read a latin translation of the qur'an .
the dalek race , which first appeared in the show 's second serial in 1963 , are doctor who 's oldest villains .
it was renamed abc motion pictures in 1979 ; the unit was dissolved in 1985. the studio also operated two subsidiaries , palomar pictures international and selmur pictures .
though luther saw the muslim faith as a tool of the devil , he was indifferent to its practice : " let the turk believe and live as he will , just as one lets the papacy and other false christians live . "
" nun komm , der heiden heiland " ( now come , savior of the gentiles ) , based on veni redemptor gentium , became the main hymn ( hauptlied ) for advent .
the mayor of warsaw is called president .
tesla claimed that he worked from 3 a.m. to 11 p.m. , no sundays or holidays excepted .
the diffie–hellman key exchange relies on the fact that there are efficient algorithms for modular exponentiation , while the reverse operation the discrete logarithm is thought to be a hard problem .
it is home to 60 % of australia 's 3 million dairy cattle and produces nearly two-thirds of the nation 's milk , almost 6.4 billion litres .
fresno ( /ˈfrɛznoʊ/ frez-noh ) , the county seat of fresno county , is a city in the u.s. state of california .
the alsace on the left banks of the upper rhine was sold to burgundy by archduke sigismund of austria in 1469 and eventually fell to france in the thirty years ' war .
the uk refused to sign the social charter and was exempt from the legislation covering social charter issues unless it agreed to be bound by the legislation .
polonia 's home venue is located at konwiktorska street , a ten-minute walk north from the old town .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
his most concrete effort to patronize chinese learning was founding the academy of the pavilion of the star of literature ( chinese : 奎章閣學士院 ) , first established in the spring of 1329 and designed to undertake " a number of tasks relating to the transmission of confucian high culture to the mongolian imperial establishment " .
climate fluctuations during the last 34 million years have allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics .
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view .
in 1638 , the college became home for north america 's first known printing press , carried by the ship john of london .
upon the extinction of the local ducal line , the duchy was reincorporated into the polish crown in 1526 .
for reasons of economy , oxygen is often transported in bulk as a liquid in specially insulated tankers , since one liter of liquefied oxygen is equivalent to 840 liters of gaseous oxygen at atmospheric pressure and 20 °c ( 68 °f ) .
most species are hermaphrodites—a single animal can produce both eggs and sperm , meaning it can fertilize its own egg , not needing a mate .
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students .
most species are hermaphrodites—a single animal can produce both eggs and sperm , meaning it can fertilize its own egg , not needing a mate .
polignac 's conjecture is a strengthening of that conjecture , it states that for every positive integer n , there are infinitely many pairs of consecutive primes that differ by 2n .
these engines are mainly used in toys and models , because of their simplicity , but have also been used in full size working engines , mainly on ships where their compactness is valued .
more than 50 % of this area is sown for wheat , 33 % for barley and 7 % for oats .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
in the more spiritual or mystical islamic tradition of sufism , the position of spiritual teacher and an esoteric ( as opposed to exoteric , or actions-oriented , e.g .
fertilization is generally external , although platyctenids ' eggs are fertilized inside their parents ' bodies and kept there until they hatch .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
some suggest that marco polo acquired much of his knowledge through contact with persian traders since many of the places he named were in persian .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
for many years , sudan had an islamist regime under the leadership of hassan al-turabi .
in addition to certification , many educational institutions especially within the us , require that prospective teachers pass a background check and psychiatric evaluation to be able to teach in classroom .
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular .
the target was first announced in august 2004 , since then an additional 2.4m customers had subscribed to bskyb 's direct-to-home service .
tesla made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-world war i environment in a printed article , " science and discovery are the great forces which will lead to the consummation of the war " ( 20 december 1914 ) .
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman .
this traditional name continues as the standard in the united states , but it obscures the fact that indians fought on both sides of the conflict , and that this was part of the seven years ' war , a much larger conflict between france and great britain .
the university partially manages argonne national laboratory , part of the united states department of energy 's national laboratory system , and has a joint stake in fermilab , a nearby particle physics laboratory , as well as a stake in the apache point observatory in sunspot , new mexico .
jacksonville is the principal city in the jacksonville metropolitan area , with a population of 1,345,596 in 2010 .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
in the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 % interest in cable sports channel espn , the network 's parent merged with capital cities communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations .
in the early 18th century , a regional group known as the camisards who were huguenots rioted against the catholic church in the region , burning churches and killing clergy .
under the treaty on european union article 19 ( 2 ) there is one judge from each member state , 28 at present , who are supposed to " possess the qualifications required for appointment to the highest judicial offices " ( or for the general court , the " ability required for appointment to high judicial office " ) .
the annual status of education report ( aser ) , which evaluates learning levels in rural india , has been reporting poorer academic achievement in government schools than in private schools .
this imagery has been in use since at least the mid-14th century .
the molecules between the photosystems harness the electrons ' energy to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , creating a concentration gradient , with more hydrogen ions ( up to a thousand times as many ) inside the thylakoid system than in the stroma .
tesla claimed to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy that he started working on in 1892 , and in 1937 , at age 81 , claimed in a letter to have completed a " dynamic theory of gravity " that " [ would ] put an end to idle speculations and false conceptions , as that of curved space . "
on 18 april 1521 , luther appeared as ordered before the diet of worms .
reasons for extra-legal ownership include excessive bureaucratic red tape in buying property and building , in some countries it can take over 200 steps and up to 14 years to build on government land .
at the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 , the governors of british east africa ( as the protectorate was generally known ) and german east africa agreed a truce in an attempt to keep the young colonies out of direct hostilities .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
the rest of the earth 's crust is also made of oxygen compounds , in particular various complex silicates ( in silicate minerals ) .
in the summer of 1521 , luther widened his target from individual pieties like indulgences and pilgrimages to doctrines at the heart of church practices .
close , sandhill and quayside contain modern buildings as well as structures dating from the 15th–18th centuries , including bessie surtees house , the cooperage and lloyds quayside bars , derwentwater house and " house of tides " , a restaurant situated at a grade i-listed 16th century merchant 's house at 28–30 close .
after the capital samarkand fell , the capital was moved to bukhara by the remaining men , while genghis khan ordered two of his generals and their forces to completely destroy the remnants of the khwarezmid empire , including not only royal buildings , but entire towns , populations , and even vast swaths of farmland .
the best known algorithm for integer factorization is the general number field sieve , which takes time o ( e ( 64/9 ) 1/3 ( n.log 2 ) 1/3 ( log ( n.log 2 ) ) 2/3 ) to factor an n-bit integer .
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
at saint evroul , a tradition of singing had developed and the choir achieved fame in normandy .
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
kublai secured the northeast border in 1259 by installing the hostage prince wonjong as the ruler of korea , making it a mongol tributary state .
oxygen is present in the atmosphere in trace quantities in the form of carbon dioxide ( co 2 ) .
they cling to and creep on surfaces by everting the pharynx and using it as a muscular " foot " .
tesla was incorrect in his assumption that high frequency radio waves would penetrate water but émile girardeau , who helped develop france 's first radar system in the 1930s , noted in 1953 that tesla 's general speculation that a very strong high frequency signal would be needed was correct stating " ( tesla ) was prophesying or dreaming , since he had at his disposal no means of carrying them out , but one must add that if he was dreaming , at least he was dreaming correctly .
in some rural areas in the united kingdom , there are dispensing physicians who are allowed to both prescribe and dispense prescription-only medicines to their patients from within their practices .
they set back any british hopes for campaigns on lake ontario , and endangered the oswego garrison , already short on supplies .
ne1fm launched on 8 june 2007 , the first full-time community radio station in the area .
the metropolitan county of tyne and wear , which consists of the four aforementioned boroughs as well as the city of sunderland ( population circa 275,000 ) , had a population of around 1,076,000 and the tyne and wear city region which also includes north durham , south east northumberland and the tyne valley has a population of 1,650,000. newcastle is also home to a large student population with newcastle and northumbria universities in the local area .
he appointed robert of jumièges archbishop of canterbury and made ralph the timid earl of hereford .
robert lawrence argues that technological innovation and automation has meant that low-skilled jobs have been replaced by machine labor in wealthier nations , and that wealthier countries no longer have significant numbers of low-skilled manufacturing workers that could be affected by competition from poor countries .
six soundtrack releases have been released since 2005. the first featured tracks from the first two series , the second and third featured music from the third and fourth series respectively .
:93 the normal force , for example , is responsible for the structural integrity of tables and floors as well as being the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object .
in december 1544 , he began to feel the effects of angina .
to secure further loans , westinghouse was forced to revisit tesla 's ac patent , which bankers considered a financial strain on the company ( at that point westinghouse had paid out an estimated $ 200,000 in licenses and royalties to tesla , brown , and peck ) .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people .
the internal cavity forms : a mouth that can usually be closed by muscles ; a pharynx ( " throat " ) ; a wider area in the center that acts as a stomach ; and a system of internal canals .
rubisco has a problem—it has trouble distinguishing between carbon dioxide and oxygen , so at high oxygen concentrations , rubisco starts accidentally adding oxygen to sugar precursors .
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching .
this difference was particularly apparent in textual and visual works of early european studies of the orient that positioned the east as irrational and backward in opposition to the rational and progressive west .
in response to this tension , and possibly for other reasons , ögedei was appointed as successor .
every may since 1987 , the university of chicago has held the university of chicago scavenger hunt , in which large teams of students compete to obtain notoriously esoteric items from a list .
likewise each deacon in full connection is a member of their annual conference order of deacons .
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek .
in secondary schools they will be taught by different subject specialists each session during the week and may have ten or more different teachers .
the two us navy bases , blount island command and the nearby naval submarine base kings bay form the third largest military presence in the united states .
soon after börte 's marriage to temüjin , she was kidnapped by the merkits and reportedly given away as a wife .
more than this , since only individuals act , only individuals can act unjustly .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
his successor louis xiii , under the regency of his italian catholic mother marie de ' medici , became more intolerant of protestantism .
the first commercially available audiobook was an abridged reading of the fourth doctor story state of decay in 1981. in 1988 , during a hiatus in the television show , slipback , the first radio drama , was transmitted .
the chloroplast peripheral reticulum consists of a maze of membranous tubes and vesicles continuous with the inner chloroplast membrane that extends into the internal stromal fluid of the chloroplast .
the concept environmental determinism served as a moral justification for domination of certain territories and peoples .
this is because , with informal rule , the control is spread more subtly through technological superiority , enforcing land officials into large debts that can not be repaid , ownership of private industries thus expanding the controlled area , or having countries agree to uneven trade agreements forcefully .
it also featured a crossover with the soap opera eastenders , the action taking place in the latter 's albert square location and around greenwich .
steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines , with shipping in the 20th-century relying upon the steam turbine .
many major classes of organic molecules in living organisms , such as proteins , nucleic acids , carbohydrates , and fats , contain oxygen , as do the major inorganic compounds that are constituents of animal shells , teeth , and bone .
the conference was held at the lovely lane methodist church , considered the mother church of american methodism .
the largest and southern main branch begins as waal and continues as boven merwede ( " upper merwede " ) , beneden merwede ( " lower merwede " ) , noord river ( " north river " ) , nieuwe maas ( " new meuse " ) , het scheur ( " the rip " ) and nieuwe waterweg ( " new waterway " ) .
the mongols destroyed the kingdom of georgia , sacked the genoese trade-fortress of caffa in crimea and overwintered near the black sea .
it is an important general principle of international law and public law , which predates european union law .
the john crerar library contains more than 1.3 million volumes in the biological , medical and physical sciences and collections in general science and the philosophy and history of science , medicine , and technology .
liberated by napoleon 's army in 1806 , warsaw was made the capital of the newly created duchy of warsaw .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
deacons serve a term of 2–3 years as provisional deacons prior to their ordination .
can have infinitely many primes only when a and q are coprime , i.e. , their greatest common divisor is one .
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized .
in 1965 , at the instigation of warner sinback , a data network based on this voice-phone network was designed to connect ge 's four computer sales and service centers ( schenectady , phoenix , chicago , and phoenix ) to facilitate a computer time-sharing service , apparently the world 's first commercial online service .
he states that maps " contributed to empire by promoting , assisting , and legitimizing the extension of french and british power into west africa " .
in 1870 , tesla moved to karlovac , to attend school at the higher real gymnasium , where he was profoundly influenced by a math teacher martin sekulić .
luther journeyed to mansfeld twice in late 1545 to participate in the negotiations for a settlement , and a third visit was needed in early 1546 for their completion .
in humans , immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic disease such as severe combined immunodeficiency , acquired conditions such as hiv/aids , or the use of immunosuppressive medication .
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) .
on april 2 , 2009 , citadel communications announced that it would rebrand abc radio as citadel media ; however , abc news continued to provide news content for citadel .
according to the kenya national bureau of statistics , in 2011 there were 65,000 qualified nurses registered in the country ; 8,600 clinical officers and 7,000 doctors for the population of 43 million people ( these figures from official registers include those who have died or left the profession hence the actual number of these workers may be lower ) .
in 1983 , abc sold kxyz to the infinity broadcasting corporation .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
harvard 's alumni include eight u.s. presidents , several foreign heads of state , 62 living billionaires , 335 rhodes scholars , and 242 marshall scholars .
he received congratulatory letters from more than 70 pioneers in science and engineering , including albert einstein .
as a practice area and specialist domain , pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the needs of major national and international patient information projects and health system interoperability goals .
during the same year , tesla wrote a treatise , the art of projecting concentrated non-dispersive energy through the natural media , concerning charged particle beam weapons .
seamans ' establishment of an ad-hoc committee headed by his special technical assistant nicholas e. golovin in july 1961 , to recommend a launch vehicle to be used in the apollo program , represented a turning point in nasa 's mission mode decision .
the bbc was given the highlights of most of the matches , while bskyb paying £304m for the premier league rights , would give them a monopoly of all live matches , up to 60 per year from the 1992 season .
usually , the alphabet is taken to be the binary alphabet ( i.e. , the set { 0,1 } ) , and thus the strings are bitstrings .
plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place on wednesday afternoons from 2 pm to 6 pm and on thursdays from 9:15 am to 6 pm .
the program passed into history by 1910 .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
the judicial branch of the eu has played an important role in the development of eu law , by assuming the task of interpreting the treaties , and accelerating economic and political integration .
the fire that killed the apollo 1 crew in a launch pad test spread so rapidly because the capsule was pressurized with pure o 2 but at slightly more than atmospheric pressure , instead of the 1⁄3 normal pressure that would be used in a mission .
clearly , some tumors evade the immune system and go on to become cancers .
at the battle of kalka river in 1223 , subutai 's forces defeated the larger kievan force .
more recently , seismologists have been able to create detailed images of wave speeds inside the earth in the same way a doctor images a body in a ct scan .
many of these pharmacies are similar to community pharmacies , and in fact , many of them are actually operated by brick-and-mortar community pharmacies that serve consumers online and those that walk in their door .
in europe there are old pharmacies still operating in dubrovnik , croatia , located inside the franciscan monastery , opened in 1317 ; and in the town hall square of tallinn , estonia , dating from at least 1422. the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum .
the input is an arbitrary graph .
as of the 2014 episode " dark water , " it was revealed that the master had become a female incarnation or " time lady , " going by the name of " missy " ( short for mistress , the feminine equivalent of " master " ) .
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary .
it has a neoclassical façade , originally designed by the architect john dobson , and was constructed in collaboration with robert stephenson .
wealth concentration is a theoretical [ according to whom ? ]
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . )
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists .
during the same year , investor david g. booth donated $ 300 million to the university 's booth school of business , which is the largest gift in the university 's history and the largest gift ever to any business school .
luther 's translation used the variant of german spoken at the saxon chancellery , intelligible to both northern and southern germans .
other components are often present ; pumps ( such as an injector ) to supply water to the boiler during operation , condensers to recirculate the water and recover the latent heat of vaporisation , and superheaters to raise the temperature of the steam above its saturated vapour point , and various mechanisms to increase the draft for fireboxes .
the heat is supplied externally to a closed loop with some of the heat added being converted to work and the waste heat being removed in a condenser .
phagocytosis is an important feature of cellular innate immunity performed by cells called 'phagocytes ' that engulf , or eat , pathogens or particles .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
due to its central location between the polish–lithuanian commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and of the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596. after the third partition of poland in 1795 , warsaw was incorporated into the kingdom of prussia .
when some species , including bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera , are disturbed , they produce secretions ( ink ) that luminesce at much the same wavelengths as their bodies .
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell .
on december 12 , washington and his men reached fort le boeuf .
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages .
the principle of faunal succession is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks .
in the spring of 1975 , fred pierce , the newly appointed president of abc television , convinced fred silverman to become the first president and director of programming of the independent television production subsidiary abc entertainment , created from the network 's namesake programming division .
a method to lessen the magnitude of this heating and cooling was invented in 1804 by british engineer arthur woolf , who patented his woolf high-pressure compound engine in 1805. in the compound engine , high-pressure steam from the boiler expands in a high-pressure ( hp ) cylinder and then enters one or more subsequent lower-pressure ( lp ) cylinders .
iqbal expressed fears that not only would secularism and secular nationalism weaken the spiritual foundations of islam and muslim society , but that india 's hindu-majority population would crowd out muslim heritage , culture and political influence .
kenya is usually classified as a frontier market or occasionally an emerging market , but it is not one of the least developed countries .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
the different islamist movements have been described as " oscillating between two poles " : at one end is a strategy of islamization of society through state power seized by revolution or invasion ; at the other " reformist " pole islamists work to islamize society gradually " from the bottom up " .
petroleum accounts for 20 % to 25 % of the national import bill .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
older than the game by 23 years , the harvard-yale regatta was the original source of the athletic rivalry between the two schools .
in 1899 , john jacob astor iv invested $ 100,000 for tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
across the three waves of european colonialism ( first in the americas , second in asia and lastly in africa ) , environmental determinism was used to categorically place indigenous people in a racial hierarchy .
genghis khan recalled subutai back to mongolia soon afterwards , and jebe died on the road back to samarkand .
packet switching contrasts with another principal networking paradigm , circuit switching , a method which pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session , each having a constant bit rate and latency between nodes .
dc electricity must be used : if ac is used , the gases in each limb consist of hydrogen and oxygen in the explosive ratio 2:1. contrary to popular belief , the 2:1 ratio observed in the dc electrolysis of acidified water does not prove that the empirical formula of water is h2o unless certain assumptions are made about the molecular formulae of hydrogen and oxygen themselves .
in response , teachers may concentrate their attention on motivated students , ignoring attention-seeking and disruptive students .
in the secret history of the mongols , just before the invasion of the khwarezmid empire by genghis khan , chagatai declared before his father and brothers that he would never accept jochi as genghis khan 's successor .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped .
faults are younger than the rocks they cut ; accordingly , if a fault is found that penetrates some formations but not those on top of it , then the formations that were cut are older than the fault , and the ones that are not cut must be younger than the fault .
george wallis ( 1811–1891 ) , the first keeper of fine art collection , passionately promoted the idea of wide art education through the museum collections .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance .
victoria produced in the decade 1851–1860 20 million ounces of gold , one third of the world 's output [ citation needed ] .
tesla went to maribor ( now in slovenia ) , where he worked as a draftsman for 60 florins a month .
most of the wind rose direction occurrences derive from the northwest , as winds are driven downward along the axis of the california central valley ; in december , january and february there is an increased presence of southeastern wind directions in the wind rose statistics .
on 17 december 1941 , seven protestant regional church confederations issued a statement agreeing with the policy of forcing jews to wear the yellow badge , " since after his bitter experience luther had already suggested preventive measures against the jews and their expulsion from german territory . "
for the successful execution of a project , effective planning is essential .
the first settlement in the area occurred in 1803 at sullivan bay , and much of what is now victoria was included in the port phillip district in 1836 , an administrative division of new south wales .
he retained the elevation of the host and chalice , while trappings such as the mass vestments , altar , and candles were made optional , allowing freedom of ceremony .
rugby is also a growing sport in southern california , particularly at the high school level , with increasing numbers of schools adding rugby as an official school sport .
their presence , combined with a perceived british policy of allowing them free rein , heightened by exposés such as the 2007 channel 4 documentary programme undercover mosque , has given rise to the term londonistan .
the secondary level includes schools offering years 7 through 12 ( year twelve is known as lower sixth ) and year 13 ( upper sixth ) .
he noted that candles burned brighter in the gas and that a mouse was more active and lived longer while breathing it .
the packets include a connection identifier rather than address information and are negotiated between endpoints so that they are delivered in order and with error checking .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
in 1545 and 1546 luther preached three times in the market church in halle , staying with his friend justus jonas during christmas .
the black death is thought to have originated in the arid plains of central asia , where it then travelled along the silk road , reaching crimea by 1343. from there , it was most likely carried by oriental rat fleas living on the black rats that were regular passengers on merchant ships .
firstly , certain costs are difficult to avoid and are shared by everyone , such as the costs of housing , pensions , education and health care .
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force .
photosystem ii and photosystem i contain light-harvesting complexes with chlorophyll and carotenoids that absorb light energy and use it to energize electrons .
the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz is listed as a unesco world heritage site .
this allows all set top boxes in a household to share recordings and other media .
such forces act perpendicular to the velocity vector associated with the motion of an object , and therefore do not change the speed of the object ( magnitude of the velocity ) , but only the direction of the velocity vector .
most green chloroplasts are ( obviously ) green , though some are n't , like some forms of hæmatococcus pluvialis , due to accessory pigments that override the chlorophylls ' green colors .
in front of the field of macrocilia , on the mouth " lips " in some species of beroe , is a pair of narrow strips of adhesive epithelial cells on the stomach wall that " zip " the mouth shut when the animal is not feeding , by forming intercellular connections with the opposite adhesive strip .
in 1700 several hundred french huguenots migrated from england to the colony of virginia , where the english crown had promised them land grants in lower norfolk county .
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study .
his extremely influential books ( translated into many languages ) placed islam in a modern context , and influenced not only conservative ulema but liberal modernizer islamists such as al-faruqi , whose " islamization of knowledge " carried forward some of maududi 's key principles .
early colour videotape recordings made off-air by fans have also been retrieved , as well as excerpts filmed from the television screen onto 8 mm cine film and clips that were shown on other programmes .
further , in the aftermath of the national elections of december 2007 and the violence that subsequently engulfed the country , a commission of inquiry , the waki commission , commended its readiness and adjudged it to " have performed its duty well . "
greater diversity in chloroplast shapes exists among the algae , which often contain a single chloroplast that can be shaped like a net ( e.g. , oedogonium ) , a cup ( e.g. , chlamydomonas ) , a ribbon-like spiral around the edges of the cell ( e.g. , spirogyra ) , or slightly twisted bands at the cell edges ( e.g. , sirogonium ) .
ideal strings transmit tension forces instantaneously in action-reaction pairs so that if two objects are connected by an ideal string , any force directed along the string by the first object is accompanied by a force directed along the string in the opposite direction by the second object .
the islamist groups like hezbollah in lebanon and hamas in palestine participate in democratic and political process as well as armed attacks , seeking to abolish the state of israel .
a 1996 study by perotti examined the channels through which inequality may affect economic growth .
today the court of justice of the european union ( cjeu ) is the main judicial body , within which there is a higher european court of justice ( commonly abbreviated as ecj ) that deals with cases that contain more public importance , and a general court that deals with issues of detail but without general importance .
many devices such as the tesla coil were used in the further development of radio .
in 1981 , the presidential working party on the second university was commissioned to look at both the possibilities of setting up a second university in kenya as well as the reforming of the entire education system .
this rock can be weathered and eroded , and then redeposited and lithified into a sedimentary rock , or be turned into a metamorphic rock due to heat and pressure that change the mineral content of the rock which gives it a characteristic fabric .
the republic of kenya is named after mount kenya .
a few galleries were redesigned in the 1990s including the indian , japanese , chinese , iron work , the main glass galleries and the main silverware gallery which was further enhanced in 2002 when some of the victorian decoration was recreated .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
jim gray will anchor the pre-game and halftime coverage .
during this time , the discovery of oil in the north sea and the following " it 's scotland 's oil " campaign of the scottish national party ( snp ) resulted in rising support for scottish independence , as well as the snp .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
after detecting stress in a cell , which might be due to a pathogen , chloroplasts begin producing molecules like salicylic acid , jasmonic acid , nitric oxide and reactive oxygen species which can serve as defense-signals .
the complexity class p is often seen as a mathematical abstraction modeling those computational tasks that admit an efficient algorithm .
yet if tetzel overstated the matter in regard to indulgences for the dead , his teaching on indulgences for the living was in line with catholic dogma of the time .
some european nations and japan sought to disassociate themselves from united states foreign policy in the middle east to avoid being targeted by the boycott .
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants .
the city developed around the roman settlement pons aelius and was named after the castle built in 1080 by robert curthose , william the conqueror 's eldest son .
the plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of british bacteriologist j. f. d. shrewsbury in 1970 , who noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague , leading him to conclude that contemporary accounts were exaggerations .
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves .
in economics , the university has played an important role in shaping ideas about the free market and is the namesake of the chicago school of economics , the school of economic thought supported by milton friedman and other economists .
these plasma waves can occur in force-free magnetic fields .
in addition to the polish majority , there was a significant jewish minority in warsaw .
newcastle upon tyne ( rp : i/ˌnjuːkɑːsəl əˌpɒn ˈtaɪn/ ; locally : i/njuːˌkæsəl əˌpən ˈtaɪn/ ) , commonly known as newcastle , is a city in tyne and wear , north east england , 103 miles ( 166 km ) south of edinburgh and 277 miles ( 446 km ) north of london on the northern bank of the river tyne , 8.5 mi ( 13.7 km ) from the north sea .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
meanwhile , nasa performed its own in-house spacecraft design studies led by maxime faget , to serve as a gauge to judge and monitor the three industry designs .
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine .
phrased as a decision problem , it is the problem of deciding whether the input has a factor less than k. no efficient integer factorization algorithm is known , and this fact forms the basis of several modern cryptographic systems , such as the rsa algorithm .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
following the success of the 2005 series produced by russell t davies , the bbc commissioned davies to produce a 13-part spin-off series titled torchwood ( an anagram of " doctor who " ) , set in modern-day cardiff and investigating alien activities and crime .
some schools offer the removal of the purported distractions of co-education ; the presence of boarding facilities ; or stricter discipline based on their power of expulsion , a tool not readily available to government schools .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
the television network has eight owned-and-operated and over 232 affiliated television stations throughout the united states and its territories .
the organisation is required to comply with the financial regulations and rules of the wmo .
the entry of another toxin called granulysin ( a protease ) induces the target cell to undergo apoptosis .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
the aim of the uniflow is to remedy this defect and improve efficiency by providing an additional port uncovered by the piston at the end of each stroke making the steam flow only in one direction .
on 10 january 1943 , new york city mayor fiorello la guardia read a eulogy written by slovene-american author louis adamic live over the wnyc radio while violin pieces " ave maria " and " tamo daleko " were played in the background .
no plans were announced regarding the recognition of harvey martin , co-mvp of super bowl xii , who died in 2001 .
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection .
in 2004 , abc 's average viewership declined by ten ratings points , landing the network in fourth place , behind nbc , cbs and fox ( by the following year , the combined season-ending average audience share of abc , nbc and cbs represented only 32 % of u.s. households ) .
when coal is used , a chain or screw stoking mechanism and its drive engine or motor may be included to move the fuel from a supply bin ( bunker ) to the firebox .
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of " invisible " kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments ( later identified as " roentgen rays " or " x-rays " ) .
by the early 20th century , einstein developed a theory of relativity that correctly predicted the action of forces on objects with increasing momenta near the speed of light , and also provided insight into the forces produced by gravitation and inertia .
his father was furious over what he saw as a waste of luther 's education .
some tumor cells also release products that inhibit the immune response ; for example by secreting the cytokine tgf-β , which suppresses the activity of macrophages and lymphocytes .
the age of imperialism , a time period beginning around 1700 , saw ( generally european ) industrializing nations engaging in the process of colonizing , influencing , and annexing other parts of the world in order to gain political power .
professional and labor organizations may limit the supply of workers which results in higher demand and greater incomes for members .
just under 540,800 students were enrolled in public schools , and just over 311,800 in private schools .
besides , within the city borders , there are also : pole mokotowskie ( a big park in the northern mokotów , where was the first horse racetrack and then the airport ) , park ujazdowski ( close to the sejm and john lennon street ) , park of culture and rest in powsin , by the southern city border , park skaryszewski by the right vistula bank , in praga .
the book of discipline of the united methodist church directs the local church to offer membership preparation or confirmation classes to all people , including adults .
in 1529 , he wrote the large catechism , a manual for pastors and teachers , as well as a synopsis , the small catechism , to be memorised by the people themselves .
in december 1901 , marconi successfully transmitted the letter s from england to newfoundland , terminating tesla 's relationship with morgan .
for some decades prior to the first palestine intifada in 1987 , the muslim brotherhood in palestine took a " quiescent " stance towards israel , focusing on preaching , education and social services , and benefiting from israel 's " indulgence " to build up a network of mosques and charitable organizations .
in his later years , luther grew more hostile toward the jews , writing against them with the kind of venom he had already unleashed on the anabaptists , zwinglianism , and the papacy .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
the park has a multi-use amphitheatre that seats up to 2,500 people , authentic japanese garden , fenced dog park , two-mile ( 3 km ) equestrian trail , exercise par course , three children 's playgrounds , a lake , 3 small ponds , 7 picnic areas and five miles ( 8 km ) of multipurpose trails that are part of the san joaquin river parkway 's lewis s. eaton trail .
if the answer is yes , many important problems can be shown to have more efficient solutions .
the announcement came a day after setanta sports confirmed that it would launch in march as a subscription service on the digital terrestrial platform , and on the same day that ntl 's services re-branded as virgin media .
reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation .
therefore , the second scale shows the most recent eon with an expanded scale .
local pastors are not required to have advanced degrees but are required to attend licensing school and attend and pass an approved five-year course of study at an approved united methodist seminary or course of study school , successfully complete written and oral examinations , and appear before the district committee on ministry and the conference board of ordained ministry .
of particular concern with internet pharmacies is the ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship .
apollo was grounded again , for the remainder of 1970 while the oxygen tank was redesigned and an extra one was added .
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible .
a steady stream of oxygen gas is then produced by the exothermic reaction .
this means that they get less sun and therefore produce less cholecalciferol via uvb radiation .
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary .
the river makes a distinctive turn to the north near chur .
private schooling in the united states has been debated by educators , lawmakers and parents , since the beginnings of compulsory education in massachusetts in 1852. the supreme court precedent appears to favor educational choice , so long as states may set standards for educational accomplishment .
despite being relatively unaffected by the embargo , the uk nonetheless faced an oil crisis of its own - a series of strikes by coal miners and railroad workers over the winter of 1973–74 became a major factor in the change of government .
his theology challenged the authority and office of the pope by teaching that the bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge from god and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all baptized christians to be a holy priesthood .
other arguments include the lack of accounts of the death of rats before outbreaks of plague between the 14th and 17th centuries ; temperatures that are too cold in northern europe for the survival of fleas ; that , despite primitive transport systems , the spread of the black death was much faster than that of modern bubonic plague ; that mortality rates of the black death appear to be very high ; that , while modern bubonic plague is largely endemic as a rural disease , the black death indiscriminately struck urban and rural areas ; and that the pattern of the black death , with major outbreaks in the same areas separated by 5 to 15 years , differs from modern bubonic plague—which often becomes endemic for decades with annual flare-ups .
the premier of victoria is the leader of the political party or coalition with the most seats in the legislative assembly .
while the reliability of this mechanism has not yet been studied for all relevant crop species , recent results in tobacco plants are promising , showing a failed containment rate of transplastomic plants at 3 in 1,000,000 .
in may 2006 , the irish broadcaster setanta sports was awarded two of the six premier league packages that the english fa offered to broadcasters .
kenya is known for its safaris , diverse climate and geography , and expansive wildlife reserves and national parks such as the east and west tsavo national park , the maasai mara , lake nakuru national park , and aberdares national park .
the university is also home to the university of chicago press , the largest university press in the united states .
employers who offer a below market wage will find that their business is chronically understaffed .
notable companions from the earlier series included romana ( mary tamm and lalla ward ) , a time lady ; sarah jane smith ( elisabeth sladen ) ; and jo grant ( katy manning ) .
the video was processed to remove random noise and camera shake without destroying historical legitimacy .
to measure the difficulty of solving a computational problem , one may wish to see how much time the best algorithm requires to solve the problem .
the academic bodies of the university of chicago consist of the college , four divisions of graduate research and seven professional schools .
in germany , teachers are mainly civil servants recruited in special university classes , called lehramtstudien ( teaching education studies ) .
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards .
further south the southeast interior was dominated by siouan-speaking catawba , muskogee-speaking creek and choctaw , and the iroquoian-speaking cherokee tribes .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
in crowded cities , it was not uncommon for as much as 50 % of the population to die .
barred by the government from settling in new france , huguenots led by jessé de forest , sailed to north america in 1624 and settled instead in the dutch colony of new netherland ( later incorporated into new york and new jersey ) ; as well as great britain 's colonies , including nova scotia .
another section , brookhaven , on the southern edge of the west side south of jensen and west of elm , was given the name by the fresno city council in an effort to revitalize the neighborhood 's image .
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm .
william invaded scotland in 1072 , riding as far as abernethy where he met up with his fleet of ships .
within 30 days , over 100,000 digiboxes had been sold , which help bolstered bskyb 's decision to give away free digiboxes and minidishes from may 1999 .
this and other experiments on combustion were documented in his book sur la combustion en général , which was published in 1777. in that work , he proved that air is a mixture of two gases ; 'vital air ' , which is essential to combustion and respiration , and azote ( gk .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons .
that year , abc and hearst reached an agreement with rca to merge arts and competing arts service , the entertainment channel , into a single cable channel called arts & entertainment television ( a & e ) ; the new channel subsequently leased a separate satellite transponder , ending its sharing agreement with nickelodeon to become a 24-hour service .
the programme is listed in guinness world records as the longest-running science fiction television show in the world , the " most successful " science fiction series of all time—based on its over-all broadcast ratings , dvd and book sales , and itunes traffic— and for the largest ever simulcast of a tv drama with its 50th anniversary special .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
the high cost of medications and drug-related technology , combined with the potential impact of medications and pharmacy services on patient-care outcomes and patient safety , make it imperative that hospital pharmacies perform at the highest level possible .
no plans were announced regarding the recognition of harvey martin , co-mvp of super bowl xii , who died in 2001 .
they set up a laboratory for tesla at 89 liberty street in manhattan where he worked on improving and developing new types of electric motors , generators and other devices .
the business consisted of a large public network that supported dial-up users and a private network business that allowed government agencies and large companies ( mostly banks and airlines ) to build their own dedicated networks .
in 1912 , he crafted " a plan to make dull students bright by saturating them unconsciously with electricity , " wiring the walls of a schoolroom and , " saturating [ the schoolroom ] with infinitesimal electric waves vibrating at high frequency .
the bbc believed that many viewers had missed this introduction to a new series due to the coverage of the assassination , as well as a series of power blackouts across the country , and they broadcast it again on 30 november 1963 , just before episode two .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
somewhere around a billion years ago , a free-living cyanobacterium entered an early eukaryotic cell , either as food or as an internal parasite , but managed to escape the phagocytic vacuole it was contained in .
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us .
the writers guild of america strike that halted production of network programs for much of the 2007–08 season affected the network in 2007–08 and 2008–09 , as various abc shows that premiered in 2007 , such as dirty sexy money , pushing daisies , eli stone and samantha who ? , did not live to see a third season ; other series such as boston legal and the u.s. version of life on mars suffered from low viewership , despite the former , a spin off of the practice , being a once-highlighted breakout series when it debuted in 2005. one of the network 's strike-replacement programs during that time was the game show duel , which premiered in december 2007. the program would become a minor success for the network during its initial six-episode run , which led abc to renew duel as a regular series starting in april 2008. however , duel suffered from low viewership during its run as a regular series , and abc canceled the program after sixteen episodes .
the first recorded settlement in what is now newcastle was pons aelius , a roman fort and bridge across the river tyne .
in 2011 , the theme tune charted at number 228 of radio station classic fm 's hall of fame , a survey of classical music tastes .
development of the strategic petroleum reserve began in 1975 , and in 1977 the cabinet-level department of energy was created , followed by the national energy act of 1978 .
while the commission has a monopoly on initiating legislation , the european parliament and the council of the european union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process .
they eventually forced tesla out leaving him penniless .
the results of his unaided labours were submitted to the american philosophical society in a memoir entitled observations on the geology of the united states explanatory of a geological map , and published in the society 's transactions , together with the nation 's first geological map .
as of february 2011 [ update ] , this conjecture has been verified for all numbers up to n = 2 · 1017. weaker statements than this have been proven , for example vinogradov 's theorem says that every sufficiently large odd integer can be written as a sum of three primes .
the united kingdom operations also changed the company name from british sky broadcasting limited to sky uk limited , still trading as sky .
some scholars see luther 's influence as limited , and the nazis ' use of his work as opportunistic .
the normans had a profound effect on irish culture and history after their invasion at bannow bay in 1169. initially the normans maintained a distinct culture and ethnicity .
it upholds the concept of the " visible and invisible church , " meaning that all who are truly believers in every age belong to the holy church invisible , while the united methodist church is a branch of the church visible , to which all believers must be connected as it is the only institution wherein the word of god is preached and the sacraments are administered .
construction began in november 1962. upon kennedy 's death , president johnson issued an executive order on november 29 , 1963 , to rename the loc and cape canaveral in honor of kennedy .
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections .
the rhine-meuse delta , the most important natural region of the netherlands begins near millingen aan de rijn , close to the dutch-german border with the division of the rhine into waal and nederrijn .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
some civil disobedience defendants choose to make a defiant speech , or a speech explaining their actions , in allocution .
all of the forces in the universe are based on four fundamental interactions .
the two innermost lipid-bilayer membranes that surround all chloroplasts correspond to the outer and inner membranes of the ancestral cyanobacterium 's gram negative cell wall , and not the phagosomal membrane from the host , which was probably lost .
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression .
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water .
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation .
on april 20 , kennedy sent a memo to vice president lyndon b. johnson , asking johnson to look into the status of america 's space program , and into programs that could offer nasa the opportunity to catch up .
however , on september 8 , 2007 , disney announced that it would discontinue abc1 citing to the channel 's inability to attain sustainable viewership .
kublai khan promoted commercial , scientific , and cultural growth .
fresno is served by state route 99 , the main north/south freeway that connects the major population centers of the california central valley .
between 1232 and 1233 , kaifeng fell to the mongols under the reign of genghis ' third son , ögedei khan .
his patents earned him a considerable amount of money , much of which was used to finance his own projects with varying degrees of success .
the capabilities approach – sometimes called the human development approach – looks at income inequality and poverty as form of “ capability deprivation ” .
as of that day , the new constitution heralding the second republic came into force .
this language was the forerunner of modern english ; but while the dialects of other english regions have been heavily altered by the influences of other foreign languages—particularly latin and norman french—the geordie dialect retains many elements of the old language .
although the vote was 51.6 % in favour of a scottish assembly , this figure did not equal the 40 % of the total electorate threshold deemed necessary to pass the measure , as 32.9 % of the eligible voting population did not , or had been unable to , vote .
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " .
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism .
a mere half decade later the tract had 267 homes .
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
bskyb has design authority over all digital satellite receivers capable of receiving their service .
around 20 % of victorians claim no religion .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
injectors became popular in the 1850s but are no longer widely used , except in applications such as steam locomotives .
excellent job opportunities are expected as retirements , especially among secondary school teachers , outweigh slowing enrollment growth ; opportunities will vary by geographic area and subject taught .
the ten commandments , and the beginnings of the renewed life of christians accorded to them by the sacrament of baptism , are a present foreshadowing of the believers ' future angel-like life in heaven in the midst of this life .
at the same time the mongols imported central asian muslims to serve as administrators in china , the mongols also sent han chinese and khitans from china to serve as administrators over the muslim population in bukhara in central asia , using foreigners to curtail the power of the local peoples of both lands .
in europe there are old pharmacies still operating in dubrovnik , croatia , located inside the franciscan monastery , opened in 1317 ; and in the town hall square of tallinn , estonia , dating from at least 1422. the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum .
the smaller the economic inequality , the more waste and pollution is created , resulting in many cases , in more environmental degradation .
trade economist paul krugman estimates that trade liberalisation has had a measurable effect on the rising inequality in the united states .
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools .
lagerlof and galor stated that gender inequality in education can result to low economic growth , and continued gender inequality in education , thus creating a poverty trap .
most work has been done on the spread of the plague in england , and even estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100 % as no census was undertaken between the time of publication of the domesday book and the year 1377. estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy .
both liquid and solid o 2 are clear substances with a light sky-blue color caused by absorption in the red ( in contrast with the blue color of the sky , which is due to rayleigh scattering of blue light ) .
the merger between abc and capital cities received federal approval on september 5 , 1985. after the abc/capital cities merger was finalized on january 3 , 1986 , the combined company – which became known as capital cities/abc , inc. – added four television stations ( wpvi-tv/philadelphia , ktrk-tv/houston , kfsn-tv/fresno and wtvd/raleigh ) and several radio stations to abc 's broadcasting portfolio , and also included fairchild publications and four newspapers ( including the kansas city star and fort worth star-telegram ) .
many charter schools do not require that their teachers be certified , provided they meet the standards to be highly qualified as set by no child left behind .
of the 129 msps , 73 are elected to represent first past the post constituencies and are known as " constituency msps " .
also developed by troika , the on-air design was intended to emphasize the availability of abc content across multiple platforms ( in particular , using a system of icons representing different devices , such as television , computers and mobile devices ) , and " simplify and bring a lot more consistency and continuity to the visual representation of abc " .
in the same interview , tesla said that he believed that all fundamental laws could be reduced to one .
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
all four schools were based on the same intellectual foundation , but advocated different theoretical approaches toward medicine .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
the university 's booth school of business maintains campuses in singapore , london , and the downtown streeterville neighborhood of chicago .
velamen parallelum , which is typically less than 20 centimeters ( 0.66 ft ) long , can move much faster in what has been described as a " darting motion " .
this ability to distribute chloroplasts so that they can take shelter behind each other or spread out may be the reason why land plants evolved to have many small chloroplasts instead of a few big ones .
it was believed that a certain person 's behaviours were determined by the environment in which they lived and thus validated their domination .
tea , coffee , sisal , pyrethrum , corn , and wheat are grown in the fertile highlands , one of the most successful agricultural production regions in africa .
the first item of business on wednesdays is usually time for reflection , at which a speaker addresses members for up to four minutes , sharing a perspective on issues of faith .
in 2001 , 16 national science academies issued a joint statement on climate change .
the pathogen is killed by the activity of digestive enzymes or following a respiratory burst that releases free radicals into the phagolysosome .
on 15 june 1520 , the pope warned luther with the papal bull ( edict ) exsurge domine that he risked excommunication unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings , including the 95 theses , within 60 days .
as a result , abc and disney 's first television collaboration ended in 1961 ( the network would resume its relationship with disney in 1985 , when the anthology series returned to the network for a three-season run as the disney sunday movie until it lost the rights to nbc again in 1988 ; the disney anthology series would return to abc in 1996 , following the company 's purchase of the future capital cities/abc , as the wonderful world of disney ) .
for those who proceed to secondary level , there is a national examination at the end of form four – the kenya certificate of secondary education ( kcse ) , which determines those proceeding to the universities , other professional training or employment .
some time later , dyrrachium—one of the most important naval bases of the adriatic—fell again to byzantine hands .
in an interview with newspaper editor arthur brisbane , tesla said that he did not believe in telepathy , stating , " suppose i made up my mind to murder you , " he said , " in a second you would know it .
nonetheless , harvard 's undergraduate population remained predominantly male , with about four men attending harvard college for every woman studying at radcliffe .
the bond can be variously described based on level of theory , but is reasonably and simply described as a covalent double bond that results from the filling of molecular orbitals formed from the atomic orbitals of the individual oxygen atoms , the filling of which results in a bond order of two .
the fourth yuan emperor , buyantu khan ( ayurbarwada ) , was a competent emperor .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
" nun komm , der heiden heiland " ( now come , savior of the gentiles ) , based on veni redemptor gentium , became the main hymn ( hauptlied ) for advent .
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne .
the american automobile association reported that in the last week of february 1974 , 20 % of american gasoline stations had no fuel .
packet switching contrasts with another principal networking paradigm , circuit switching , a method which pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session , each having a constant bit rate and latency between nodes .
he restored the imperial secretariat and left the local administrative structure of past chinese dynasties unchanged .
another example of the richness of the zeta function and a glimpse of modern algebraic number theory is the following identity ( basel problem ) , due to euler ,
sir charles lyell first published his famous book , principles of geology , in 1830. this book , which influenced the thought of charles darwin , successfully promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism .
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm .
the region is home to about 2.5 million insect species , tens of thousands of plants , and some 2,000 birds and mammals .
as of 2005 , 17.7 % of kenyans lived on less than $ 1.25 a day .
this was subsequently followed by more astra satellites as well as eutelsat 's eurobird 1 ( now eutelsat 33c ) at 28.5°e ) , enabled the company to launch a new all-digital service , sky , with the potential to carry hundreds of television and radio channels .
temüjin was probably born in 1162 in delüün boldog , near burkhan khaldun mountain and the onon and kherlen rivers in modern-day northern mongolia , not far from the current capital ulaanbaatar .
in 2012 it investigated the maltese commissioner for health , john dalli , who quickly resigned after allegations that he received a €60m bribe in connection with a tobacco products directive .
during the protestant reformation , lefevre , a professor at the university of paris , published his french translation of the new testament in 1523 , followed by the whole bible in the french language in 1530. william farel was a student of lefevre who went on to become a leader of the swiss reformation , establishing a protestant government in geneva .
while acknowledging the central role economic growth can potentially play in human development , poverty reduction and the achievement of the millennium development goals , it is becoming widely understood amongst the development community that special efforts must be made to ensure poorer sections of society are able to participate in economic growth .
in particular , the city 's metro , roads , sidewalks , health care facilities and sanitation facilities have improved markedly .
the exodus of huguenots from france created a brain drain , as many huguenots had occupied important places in society .
the first huguenot to arrive at the cape of good hope was however maria de la queillerie , wife of commander jan van riebeeck ( and daughter of a walloon church minister ) , who arrived on 6 april 1652 to establish a settlement at what is today cape town .
as northwest europe slowly began to warm up from 22,000 years ago onward , frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers began to thaw and fall-winter snow covers melted in spring .
guo shoujing applied mathematics to the construction of calendars .
the park is open april through october , 6am to 10pm and november through march , 6am to 7pm .
after his father 's death in 1879 , tesla found a package of letters from his professors to his father , warning that unless he were removed from the school , tesla would be killed through overwork .
under the norman abbot robert de grantmesnil , several monks of saint-evroul fled to southern italy , where they were patronised by robert guiscard and established a latin monastery at sant'eufemia .
according to biraben , the plague was present somewhere in europe in every year between 1346 and 1671. the second pandemic was particularly widespread in the following years : 1360–63 ; 1374 ; 1400 ; 1438–39 ; 1456–57 ; 1464–66 ; 1481–85 ; 1500–03 ; 1518–31 ; 1544–48 ; 1563–66 ; 1573–88 ; 1596–99 ; 1602–11 ; 1623–40 ; 1644–54 ; and 1664–67 .
the unproven riemann hypothesis , dating from 1859 , states that except for s = −2 , −4 , ... , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 .
the debating chamber of the scottish parliament has seating arranged in a hemicycle , which reflects the desire to encourage consensus amongst elected members .
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010. that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004. ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase .
within labor income distribution is due to differences in value added by different classifications of workers .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " .
the most significant buildings are st. john 's cathedral ( 14th century ) , the temple is a typical example of the so-called masovian gothic style , st. mary 's church ( 1411 ) , a town house of burbach family ( 14th century ) , gunpowder tower ( after 1379 ) and the royal castle curia maior ( 1407–1410 ) .
high and persistent unemployment , in which inequality increases , has a negative effect on subsequent long-run economic growth .
oxygen is also stored and shipped in smaller cylinders containing the compressed gas ; a form that is useful in certain portable medical applications and oxy-fuel welding and cutting .
when b cells and t cells are activated and begin to replicate , some of their offspring become long-lived memory cells .
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall .
legislative power in warsaw is vested in a unicameral warsaw city council ( rada miasta ) , which comprises 60 members .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
there were 4 han tumens and 3 khitan tumens , with each tumen consisting of 10,000 troops .
rev . paul t. stallsworth , president of the taskforce of united methodists on abortion and sexuality said he " had every reason to believe " that pro-life delegates would have won a floor vote .
these clades ( which are thought to be extinct ) were found to be ancestral to modern isolates of the modern y. pestis strains y. p. orientalis and y. p. medievalis , suggesting the plague may have entered europe in two waves .
americans live no longer on average ( about 77 years in 2004 ) than greeks ( 78 years ) or new zealanders ( 78 ) , though the usa has a higher gdp per capita .
kublai 's second invasion of japan in 1281 failed because of an inauspicious typhoon .
the treaties limit free trade , to prioritise other values such as public health , consumer protection , labour rights , fair competition , and environmental improvement .
by the pliocene period , the rhine had captured streams down to the vosges mountains , including the mosel , the main and the neckar .
in fact , the united methodist church uses unfermented grape juice in the sacrament of holy communion , thus " expressing pastoral concern for recovering alcoholics , enabling the participation of children and youth , and supporting the church 's witness of abstinence . "
tesla was generally antagonistic towards theories about the conversion of matter into energy .
the biennial av festival of international electronic art , featuring exhibitions , concerts , conferences and film screenings , is held in march .
on 11 july 1934 , the new york herald tribune published an article on tesla , in which he recalled an event that would occasionally take place while experimenting with his single-electrode vacuum tubes ; a minute particle would break off the cathode , pass out of the tube , and physically strike him .
during his second year of study at graz , tesla developed a passion for ( and became very proficient at ) billiards , chess and card-playing , sometimes spending more than 48 hours in a stretch at a gaming table .
the doctor 's first companions seen on screen were his granddaughter susan foreman ( carole ann ford ) and her teachers barbara wright ( jacqueline hill ) and ian chesterton ( william russell ) .
after the war started , tesla lost the funding he was receiving from his patents in european countries .
after allying himself with croatia and the catholic cities of dalmatia , in 1081 he led an army of 30,000 men in 300 ships landing on the southern shores of albania , capturing valona , kanina , jericho ( orikumi ) , and reaching butrint after numerous pillages .
the malkin athletic center , known as the " mac " , serves both as the university 's primary recreation facility and as a satellite location for several varsity sports .
free oxygen gas was almost nonexistent in earth 's atmosphere before photosynthetic archaea and bacteria evolved , probably about 3.5 billion years ago .
the show has received recognition as one of britain 's finest television programmes , winning the 2006 british academy television award for best drama series and five consecutive ( 2005–2010 ) awards at the national television awards during russell t davies ' tenure as executive producer .
luther argued that the jews were no longer the chosen people but " the devil 's people " , and referred to them with violent , vile language .
some civil disobedients , such as the proprietors of illegal medical cannabis dispensaries and voice in the wilderness , which brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the u.s. government , directly achieve a desired social goal ( such as the provision of medication to the sick ) while openly breaking the law .
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across .
in 1273 , the mongols created the imperial library directorate , a government-sponsored printing office .
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 .
luther and his colleagues introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the electorate of saxony , which began in 1527. they also assessed the standard of pastoral care and christian education in the territory .
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) .
when sky digital was launched in 1998 the new service used the astra 2a satellite which was located at the 28.5°e orbital position , unlike the analogue service which was broadcast from 19.2°e .
this has the consequence that the results of a measurement are now sometimes " quantized " , i.e .
the academy was responsible for compiling and publishing a number of books , but its most important achievement was its compilation of a vast institutional compendium named jingshi dadian ( chinese : 經世大典 ) .
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable .
others are sequential hermaphrodites , in which the eggs and sperm mature at different times .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
luther 's final journey , to mansfeld , was taken because of his concern for his siblings ' families continuing in their father hans luther 's copper mining trade .
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek .
however , nozick recognized that some modern economic inequalities were the result of forceful taking of property , and a certain amount of redistribution would be justified to compensate for this force but not because of the inequalities themselves .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
teu articles 4 and 5 state that powers remain with the member states unless they have been conferred , although there is a debate about the kompetenz-kompetenz question : who ultimately has the " competence " to define the eu 's " competence " .
the harvard medical school , harvard school of dental medicine , and the harvard school of public health are located on a 21-acre ( 8.5 ha ) campus in the longwood medical and academic area approximately 3.3 miles ( 5.3 km ) southwest of downtown boston and 3.3 miles ( 5.3 km ) south of the cambridge campus .
pharmacy informaticists work in many practice areas of pharmacy , however , they may also work in information technology departments or for healthcare information technology vendor companies .
the scottish parliament building was designed by spanish architect enric miralles in partnership with local edinburgh architecture firm rmjm which was led by design principal tony kettle .
this is often interpreted as meaning the outer chloroplast membrane is the product of the host 's cell membrane infolding to form a vesicle to surround the ancestral cyanobacterium—which is not true—both chloroplast membranes are homologous to the cyanobacterium 's original double membranes .
he opposed banning the publication of the qur'an , wanting it exposed to scrutiny .
" merciful god , what misery i have seen , " luther wrote , " the common people knowing nothing at all of christian doctrine ... and unfortunately many pastors are well-nigh unskilled and incapable of teaching . "
galileo constructed an experiment in which stones and cannonballs were both rolled down an incline to disprove the aristotelian theory of motion early in the 17th century .
a norman named oursel led a force of " franks " into the upper euphrates valley in northern syria .
st mary 's became a cathedral in 1850 and st nicholas ' in 1882. another prominent church in the city centre is the church of st thomas the martyr which is the only parish church in the church of england without a parish and which is not a peculiar .
the computer science network ( csnet ) was a computer network funded by the u.s. national science foundation ( nsf ) that began operation in 1981. its purpose was to extend networking benefits , for computer science departments at academic and research institutions that could not be directly connected to arpanet , due to funding or authorization limitations .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
the formal language associated with this decision problem is then the set of all connected graphs—of course , to obtain a precise definition of this language , one has to decide how graphs are encoded as binary strings .
according to tesla , edison remarked , " there 's fifty thousand dollars in it for you—if you can do it .
socialists attribute the vast disparities in wealth to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners , creating a situation where a small portion of the population lives off unearned property income by virtue of ownership titles in capital equipment , financial assets and corporate stock .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
on november 22 , japan issued a statement " asserting that israel should withdraw from all of the 1967 territories , advocating palestinian self-determination , and threatening to reconsider its policy toward israel if israel refused to accept these preconditions " .
[ clarification needed ] from a physical viewpoint , it roughly states that the irregularity in the distribution of primes only comes from random noise .
as a result , private schools in new zealand are now largely restricted to the largest cities ( auckland , hamilton , wellington and christchurch ) and niche markets .
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible .
the holocene ( the latest epoch ) is too small to be shown clearly on the third timeline on the right , another reason for expanding the fourth scale .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
these are caused by the rapid heating of the land relative to the water , combined with extremely high humidity .
many important complexity classes can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm .
in most jurisdictions ( such as the united states ) , pharmacists are regulated separately from physicians .
in 1599 the british east india company was established and was chartered by queen elizabeth in the following year .
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff .
according to the same statistics , the average age of people living in newcastle is 37.8 ( the national average being 38.6 ) .
this lessens the likelihood of damage to the existing electrical , water , sewage , phone , and cable facilities , which could cause outages and potentially hazardous situations .
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
this parish continues today as l'eglise du saint-esprit , part of the episcopal ( anglican ) communion , and welcomes francophone new yorkers from all over the world .
sophomore , junior , and senior undergraduates live in twelve residential houses , nine of which are south of harvard yard along or near the charles river .
this is because , for orthogonal components , the components of the vector sum are uniquely determined by the scalar addition of the components of the individual vectors .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
melanocytes ) into tumors called melanomas .
the chloroplast is known to make the precursors to methionine but it is unclear whether the organelle carries out the last leg of the pathway or if it happens in the cytosol .
his opinion stemmed from the belief that humans ' " pity " had interfered with the natural " ruthless workings of nature , " rather than from conceptions of a " master race " or inherent superiority of one person over another .
one of the largest objects in the collection is the spanish tempera on wood , 670 x 486 cm , retable of st george , c. 1400 , consisting of numerous scenes and painted by andrés marzal de sax in valencia .
it was not until the late 1950s that the abc network became a serious contender to nbc and cbs , and this was in large part due to the diverse range of programming that met the expectations of the public , such as westerns and detective series .
generally , " prime " indicates minimality or indecomposability , in an appropriate sense .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
the prince of płock , bolesław ii of masovia , established this settlement , the modern-day warsaw , in about 1300. in the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the dukes of masovia , becoming the official capital of masovian duchy in 1413 .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
there have been numerous attempts to revitalize the neighborhood , including the construction of a modern shopping center on the corner of fresno and b streets , an aborted attempt to build luxury homes and a golf course on the western edge of the neighborhood , and some new section 8 apartments have been built along church ave west of elm st. cargill meat solutions and foster farms both have large processing facilities in the neighborhood , and the stench from these ( and other small industrial facilities ) has long plagued area residents .
the war in north america officially ended with the signing of the treaty of paris on 10 february 1763 , and war in the european theatre of the seven years ' war was settled by the treaty of hubertusburg on 15 february 1763. the british offered france the choice of surrendering either its continental north american possessions east of the mississippi or the caribbean islands of guadeloupe and martinique , which had been occupied by the british .
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements .
his patented ac induction motor and transformer were licensed by george westinghouse , who also hired tesla for a short time as a consultant .
supplementary sources of european union law include case law by the court of justice , international law and general principles of european union law .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
since the 1970s , numerous geoglyphs have been discovered on deforested land dating between ad 0–1250 , furthering claims about pre-columbian civilizations .
:32 the classes were held in german , as it was a school within the austro-hungarian military frontier .
sometimes the prosecution proposes a plea bargain to civil disobedients , as in the case of the camden 28 , in which the defendants were offered an opportunity to plead guilty to one misdemeanor count and receive no jail time .
in the words of the secretary general of the united nations ban ki-moon : " while economic growth is necessary , it is not sufficient for progress on reducing poverty . "
this process of acquired immunity is the basis of vaccination .
in the autumn of 1991 , talks were held for the broadcast rights for premier league for a five-year period , from the 1992 season .
[ not in citation given ] the regional nickname and dialect for people from newcastle and the surrounding area is geordie .
the region spans from pacific ocean islands , shorelines , beaches , and coastal plains , through the transverse and peninsular ranges with their peaks , into the large and small interior valleys , to the vast deserts of california .
agassiz 's perspective on science combined observation with intuition and the assumption that a person can grasp the " divine plan " in all phenomena .
they also spread beyond europe to the dutch cape colony in south africa , the dutch east indies , the caribbean , and several of the english colonies of north america , and quebec , where they were accepted and allowed to worship freely .
replicas of two earlier davids by donatello 's david and verrocchio 's david , are also included , although for conservation reasons the verrocchio replica is displayed in a glass case .
the activation of a resting helper t cell causes it to release cytokines that influence the activity of many cell types .
when complete , the lewis s. eaton trail system will cover 22 miles ( 35 km ) between highway 99 and friant dam .
the st. johns river divides the city .
the roughly half-mile stretch of kearney boulevard between fresno street and thorne ave was at one time the preferred neighborhood for fresno 's elite african-american families .
using handheld gps devices and programs like google earth , members of the trio tribe , who live in the rainforests of southern suriname , map out their ancestral lands to help strengthen their territorial claims .
the affected region was approximate 1,160,000 square miles ( 3,000,000 km2 ) of rainforest , compared to 734,000 square miles ( 1,900,000 km2 ) in 2005. the 2010 drought had three epicenters where vegetation died off , whereas in 2005 the drought was focused on the southwestern part .
but an even bigger facility would be needed for the mammoth rocket required for the manned lunar mission , so land acquisition was started in july 1961 for a launch operations center ( loc ) immediately north of canaveral at merritt island .
in january 2003 , the government of kenya announced the introduction of free primary education .
in 1529 , warsaw for the first time became the seat of the general sejm , permanent from 1569. in 1573 the city gave its name to the warsaw confederation , formally establishing religious freedom in the polish–lithuanian commonwealth .
while experimenting , tesla inadvertently faulted a power station generator , causing a power outage .
at the time , iran was the world 's second-largest oil exporter and a close us ally .
such exemplary saints include martyrs , confessors of the faith , evangelists , or important biblical figures such as saint matthew , lutheran theologian and martyr to the nazis dietrich bonhoeffer , salvation army founder william booth , african missionary david livingstone and methodism 's revered founder john wesley are among many cited as protestant saints .
due to its central location between the commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596. in the following years the town expanded towards the suburbs .
the central highlands were already home to over a million members of the kikuyu people , most of whom had no land claims in european terms and lived as itinerant farmers .
juveniles will luminesce more brightly in relation to their body size than adults , whose luminescence is diffused over their bodies .
the uk subsequently was the only member state to veto the social charter being included as the " social chapter " of the 1992 maastricht treaty - instead , an agreement on social policy was added as a protocol .
tesla wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals .
the reforms provoked disturbances , including a revolt by the augustinian friars against their prior , the smashing of statues and images in churches , and denunciations of the magistracy .
:245 the nobel foundation said , " any rumor that a person has not been given a nobel prize because he has made known his intention to refuse the reward is ridiculous " ; a recipient could only decline a nobel prize after he is announced a winner .
the report claimed that these noise levels would have a negative long-term impact on the health of the city 's residents .
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army .
he saw higher education as a vehicle of opportunity for the talented rather than an entitlement for the wealthy , so conant devised programs to identify , recruit , and support talented youth .
however , kublai rejected plans to revive the confucian imperial examinations and divided yuan society into three , later four , classes with the han chinese occupying the lowest rank .
in 1354 , when toghtogha led a large army to crush the red turban rebels , toghun temür suddenly dismissed him for fear of betrayal .
we will commit sins while we are here , for this life is not a place where justice resides . "
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes .
in konsumentombudsmannen v de agostini the court of justice reviewed swedish bans on advertising to children under age 12 , and misleading commercials for skin care products .
in case of european union law which should have been transposed into the laws of member states , such as directives , the european commission can take proceedings against the member state under the treaty on the functioning of the european union .
it is from here that the corporation broadcasts the look north television regional news programme and local radio station bbc radio newcastle .
other arguments include the lack of accounts of the death of rats before outbreaks of plague between the 14th and 17th centuries ; temperatures that are too cold in northern europe for the survival of fleas ; that , despite primitive transport systems , the spread of the black death was much faster than that of modern bubonic plague ; that mortality rates of the black death appear to be very high ; that , while modern bubonic plague is largely endemic as a rural disease , the black death indiscriminately struck urban and rural areas ; and that the pattern of the black death , with major outbreaks in the same areas separated by 5 to 15 years , differs from modern bubonic plague—which often becomes endemic for decades with annual flare-ups .
the state of victoria was divided into eight electorates with each electorate represented by five representatives elected by single transferable vote .
fourth , national courts have a duty to interpret domestic law " as far as possible in the light of the wording and purpose of the directive " .
one result of this was a campaign of attacks on government officials and tourists in egypt , a bloody civil war in algeria and osama bin laden 's terror attacks climaxing in the 9/11 attack .
in 1900 , the los angeles times defined southern california as including " the seven counties of los angeles , san bernardino , orange , riverside , san diego , ventura and santa barbara . "
the gonads are located in the parts of the internal canal network under the comb rows , and eggs and sperm are released via pores in the epidermis .
newcastle store bainbridge 's , opened in 1838 , is often cited as the world ’ s first department store .
for instance , the biggest school chain , kunskapsskolan ( “ the knowledge school ” ) , offers 30 schools and a web-based environment , has 700 employees and teaches nearly 10,000 pupils .
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain .
in april 1191 richard the lion-hearted left messina with a large fleet in order to reach acre .
although military spending cutbacks have had an impact , aerospace continues to be a major factor .
the basic unit of territorial division in poland is a commune ( gmina ) .
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession .
in the early 1990s the memory of genghis khan with the mongolian national identity has had a powerful revival partly because of his perception during the mongolian people 's republic period .
the speed of the response is a result of signal amplification that occurs following sequential proteolytic activation of complement molecules , which are also proteases .
there are many important organic solvents that contain oxygen , including : acetone , methanol , ethanol , isopropanol , furan , thf , diethyl ether , dioxane , ethyl acetate , dmf , dmso , acetic acid , and formic acid .
in response to american aid to israel , on october 16 , 1973 , opec raised the posted price of oil by 70 % , to $ 5.11 a barrel .
they were descended from norse ( " norman " comes from " norseman " ) raiders and pirates from denmark , iceland and norway who , under their leader rollo , agreed to swear fealty to king charles iii of west francia .
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe .
currently detention is one of the most common punishments in schools in the united states , the uk , ireland , singapore and other countries .
the increasing use of technology , specifically the rise of the internet over the past decade , has begun to shape the way teachers approach their roles in the classroom .
the snp took 16 seats from labour , with many of their key figures not returned to parliament , although labour leader iain gray retained east lothian by 151 votes .
instead , tesla used the money to fund his colorado springs experiments .
over a 200-year period , average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 14- and 15-year cicadas would be up to 2 % higher than during outbreaks of 13- and 17-year cicadas .
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
in macroscopic closed systems , nonconservative forces act to change the internal energies of the system , and are often associated with the transfer of heat .
some scholars , such as mark u. edwards in his book luther 's last battles : politics and polemics 1531–46 ( 1983 ) , suggest that since luther 's increasingly antisemitic views developed during the years his health deteriorated , it is possible they were at least partly the product of a declining state of mind .
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area .
conversely , education raises incomes and promotes growth because it helps to unleash the productive potential of the poor .
under the terms of the scotland act 1978 , an elected assembly would be set up in edinburgh provided that the majority of the scottish electorate voted for it in a referendum to be held on 1 march 1979 that represented at least 40 % of the total electorate .
the next three drives of the game would end in punts .
one of these is dominated by a full-scale replica of trajan 's column , cut in half in order to fit under the ceiling .
the apollo spacecraft could be tested in two vacuum chambers capable of simulating atmospheric pressure at altitudes up to 250,000 feet ( 76 km ) , which is nearly a vacuum .
the alpine rhine begins in the most western part of the swiss canton of graubünden , and later forms the border between switzerland to the west and liechtenstein and later austria to the east .
the label huguenot was purportedly first applied in france to those conspirators ( all of them aristocratic members of the reformed church ) involved in the amboise plot of 1560 : a foiled attempt to wrest power in france from the influential house of guise .
further , newton realized that the acceleration due to gravity is proportional to the mass of the attracting body .
it consists of nine members , both laity and clergy , elected by the general conference for an eight-year term .
occasionally , regular-series episodes will exceed the 45-minute run time ; notably , the episodes " journey 's end " from 2008 and " the eleventh hour " from 2010 exceeded an hour in length .
life expectancy in sweden ( 80 years ) and japan ( 82 ) – where income was more equally distributed – was longer .
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek .
john rawls argued in a theory of justice that inequalities in the distribution of wealth are only justified when they improve society as a whole , including the poorest members .
this deposition of complement can also kill cells directly by disrupting their plasma membrane .
it was not until january 1518 that friends of luther translated the 95 theses from latin into german and printed and widely copied them , making the controversy one of the first in history to be aided by the printing press .
the acme of the horizontal engine was the corliss steam engine , patented in 1849 , which was a four-valve counter flow engine with separate steam admission and exhaust valves and automatic variable steam cutoff .
the final part of the museum designed by scott was the art library and what is now the sculpture gallery on the south side of the garden , built 1877–83 , the exterior mosaic panels in the parapet were designed by reuben townroe who also designed the plaster work in the library , sir john taylor designed the book shelves and cases , also this was the first part of the museum to have electric lighting .
reporters treated it as a sensational story and jumped to the conclusion tesla was hearing signals from mars .
the pilgrim street building was refurbished between november 2006 and may 2008 ; during the refurbishment works , the cinema relocated to the old town hall , gateshead .
other legal requirements come from malum prohibitum considerations , or things that are a matter of custom or expectation , such as isolating businesses to a business district and residences to a residential district .
immediately after decision time a " members debate " is held , which lasts for 45 minutes .
beginning 2007 , families with incomes below $ 60,000 pay nothing for their children to attend , including room and board .
in july 1960 , nasa deputy administrator hugh l. dryden announced the apollo program to industry representatives at a series of space task group conferences .
each granum can contain anywhere from two to a hundred thylakoids , though grana with 10–20 thylakoids are most common .
the crowd that witnessed the demonstration made outrageous claims about the workings of the boat , such as magic , telepathy , and being piloted by a trained monkey hidden inside .
steam engines frequently possess two independent mechanisms for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high ; one may be adjusted by the user , the second is typically designed as an ultimate fail-safe .
edwards also comments that luther often deliberately used " vulgarity and violence " for effect , both in his writings condemning the jews and in diatribes against " turks " ( muslims ) and catholics .
it is believed that np is not equal to co-np ; however , it has not yet been proven .
to prevent such inequality , this approach believes it ’ s important to have political freedom , economic facilities , social opportunities , transparency guarantees , and protective security to ensure that people aren ’ t denied their functionings , capabilities , and agency and can thus work towards a better relevant income .
some astrophysicists predicted the existence of another planet ( vulcan ) that would explain the discrepancies ; however , despite some early indications , no such planet could be found .
telenet was the first fcc-licensed public data network in the united states .
a pair of carries by c. j. anderson moved the ball up 20 yards to the panthers 14-yard line , but carolina 's defense dug in over the next three plays .
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies .
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards .
one of the functions of specialized cells ( located in the thymus and bone marrow ) is to present young lymphocytes with self antigens produced throughout the body and to eliminate those cells that recognize self-antigens , preventing autoimmunity .
faced with this strength , loudoun returned to new york amid news that a massacre had occurred at fort william henry .
here the high rhine ends .
specifically , its shorelines lie in the german states of bavaria and baden-württemberg , the austrian state of vorarlberg , and the swiss cantons of thurgau and st. gallen .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union .
sadat was later assassinated and a formidable insurgency was formed in egypt in the 1990s .
bolshevik leaders had effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire by 1921 , however with an internationalist ideology : lenin in particular asserted the right to limited self-determination for national minorities within the new territory .
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity .
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966. ten years later , the first original doctor who audio was released on lp record ; doctor who and the pescatons featuring the fourth doctor .
the presbyterian church of east africa has 3 million followers in kenya and the surrounding countries .
other museums include the carpenter center for the visual arts , designed by le corbusier , housing the film archive , the peabody museum of archaeology and ethnology , specializing in the cultural history and civilizations of the western hemisphere , and the semitic museum featuring artifacts from excavations in the middle east .
the second and third stages burned liquid hydrogen , and the third stage was a modified version of the s-ivb , with thrust increased to 230,000 lbf ( 1,020 kn ) and capability to restart the engine for translunar injection after reaching a parking orbit .
the working fluid in a rankine cycle can operate as a closed loop system , where the working fluid is recycled continuously , or may be an " open loop " system , where the exhaust steam is directly released to the atmosphere , and a separate source of water feeding the boiler is supplied .
in 2013 , the peabody awards honoured doctor who with an institutional peabody " for evolving with technology and the times like nothing else in the known television universe . "
the shah had all the men shaved and the muslim beheaded and sent his head back with the two remaining ambassadors .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
she stopped to rest on a sandy beach by the village of warszowa , where fishermen came to admire her beauty and listen to her beautiful voice .
when the abc-upt merger was finalized in 1953 , the network introduced a new logo based on the seal of the federal communications commission , with the letters " abc " enclosed in a circular shield surmounted by the bald eagle .
the electronic frontier foundation also offers $ 150,000 and $ 250,000 for primes with at least 100 million digits and 1 billion digits , respectively .
a study in 1999 found one square kilometer ( 247 acres ) of amazon rainforest can contain about 90,790 tonnes of living plants .
late nights feature the weeknight talk show jimmy kimmel live ! .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
governments may require certification by a recognized body before they can teach in a school .
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989. american composer john debney created a new arrangement of ron grainer 's original theme for doctor who in 1996. for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series .
maududi also believed that muslim society could not be islamic without sharia , and islam required the establishment of an islamic state .
the theater was built in 1939 and is at olive and wishon avenues in the heart of the tower district .
tesla incorrectly believed that x-rays were longitudinal waves , such as those produced in waves in plasmas .
likewise , a protestor who attempts to escape punishment by committing the crime covertly and avoiding attribution , or by denying having committed the crime , or by fleeing the jurisdiction , is generally viewed as not being a civil disobedient .
operation anvil opened on 24 april 1954 , after weeks of planning by the army with the approval of the war council .
the executive summary of the wg i summary for policymakers report says they are certain that emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases , resulting on average in an additional warming of the earth 's surface .
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes .
in the later 19th century , the increasing backlash against industrialization , led by john ruskin , contributed to the arts and crafts movement .
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 142 pounds ( 64 kg ) , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926.:292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities .
the time element in construction means that a delay costs money , and in cases of bottlenecks , the delay can be extremely expensive .
the service continued until the closure of bskyb 's analogue service on 27 september 2001 , due to the launch and expansion of the sky digital platform .
the point of this inquiry was to build a premise that would allow for u.s authorship of a 'new world ' which was to be characterized by geographical order .
the iroquois confederation dominated much of present-day upstate new york and the ohio country , although the latter also included algonquian-speaking populations of delaware and shawnee , as well as iroquoian-speaking mingo .
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . "
the location of fort caroline is subject to debate but a reconstruction of the fort was established on the st. johns river in 1964 .
the armed struggle , planned to last 48 hours , was partially successful , however it went on for 63 days .
the most interesting examples of mannerist architecture are the royal castle ( 1596–1619 ) and the jesuit church ( 1609–1626 ) at old town .
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations ( broadcasting either in analog or digital ) in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama ( wbma-ld ) , lima , ohio ( wlqp-lp ) and south bend , indiana ( wbnd-ld ) .
because everyday clothing from previous eras has not generally survived , the collection is dominated by fashionable clothes made for special occasions .
major events also play a big part in tourism in victoria , particularly cultural tourism and sports tourism .
in japan , at the end of the asuka period ( 538–710 ) and the early nara period ( 710–794 ) , the men who fulfilled roles similar to those of modern pharmacists were highly respected .
starch is stored in the form of paramylon , which is contained in membrane-bound granules in the cytoplasm of the euglenophyte .
the university was a founding member of the big ten conference and participated in the ncaa division i men 's basketball and football and was a regular participant in the men 's basketball tournament .
an evasion strategy used by several pathogens to avoid the innate immune system is to hide within the cells of their host ( also called intracellular pathogenesis ) .
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock .
in august 1917 , tesla explained what had happened in the electrical experimenter : " as an example of what has been done with several hundred kilowatts of high frequency energy liberated , it was found that the dynamos in a power house six miles away were repeatedly burned out , due to the powerful high frequency currents set up in them , and which caused heavy sparks to jump through the windings and destroy the insulation ! "
plants have two main immune responses—the hypersensitive response , in which infected cells seal themselves off and undergo programmed cell death , and systemic acquired resistance , where infected cells release signals warning the rest of the plant of a pathogen 's presence .
in 1929 , the university 's fifth president , robert maynard hutchins , took office ; the university underwent many changes during his 24-year tenure .
greater diversity in chloroplast shapes exists among the algae , which often contain a single chloroplast that can be shaped like a net ( e.g. , oedogonium ) , a cup ( e.g. , chlamydomonas ) , a ribbon-like spiral around the edges of the cell ( e.g. , spirogyra ) , or slightly twisted bands at the cell edges ( e.g. , sirogonium ) .
geophysical data and well logs can be combined to produce a better view of the subsurface , and stratigraphers often use computer programs to do this in three dimensions .
zia-ul-haq was killed in 1988 but islamization remains an important element in pakistani society .
evidence accumulating since the 1980s indicates that the " cydippids " are not monophyletic , in other words do not include all and only the descendants of a single common ancestor , because all the other traditional ctenophore groups are descendants of various cydippids .
the armed forces are regularly deployed in peacekeeping missions around the world .
proposals to connect the cambridge campus with the new allston campus include new and enlarged bridges , a shuttle service and/or a tram .
proportionality is recognised one of the general principles of european union law by the european court of justice since the 1950s .
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer .
diseases of poverty directly correlate with a country 's economic performance and wealth distribution : half of kenyans live below the poverty level .
the network has an estimated national reach of 96.26 % of all households in the united states ( or 300,794,157 americans with at least one television set ) .
doctor who has been satirised and spoofed on many occasions by comedians including spike milligan ( a dalek invades his bathroom — milligan , naked , hurls a soap sponge at it ) and lenny henry .
north american aviation won the contract to build the csm , and also the second stage of the saturn v launch vehicle for nasa .
the competition resulted in edison machine works pursuing ac development in 1890 and by 1892 thomas edison was no longer in control of his own company , which was consolidated into the conglomerate general electric and converting to an ac delivery system at that point .
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . )
the state of victoria was divided into eight electorates with each electorate represented by five representatives elected by single transferable vote .
the colonization of india in the mid-18th century offers an example of this focus : there , the " british exploited the political weakness of the mughal state , and , while military activity was important at various times , the economic and administrative incorporation of local elites was also of crucial significance " for the establishment of control over the subcontinent 's resources , markets , and manpower .
one key figure in the plans for what would come to be known as american empire , was a geographer named isiah bowman .
approximately one million protestants in modern france represent some 2 % of its population .
since the 1920s , motion pictures , petroleum and aircraft manufacturing have been major industries .
the medals were awarded posthumously to grissom , white , and chaffee in 1969 , then to the crews of all missions from apollo 8 onward .
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
immunology covers the study of all aspects of the immune system .
the doctor has gained numerous reoccurring enemies during his travels , including the daleks , the cybermen , and the master , another renegade time lord .
david rodda noted that from 1984 and 1991 , the number of quality rental units decreased as the demand for higher quality housing increased ( rhoda 1994:148 ) .
the measurement implies that an unknown process depleted oxygen-16 from the sun 's disk of protoplanetary material prior to the coalescence of dust grains that formed the earth .
the non-deterministic turing machine has very little to do with how we physically want to compute algorithms , but its branching exactly captures many of the mathematical models we want to analyze , so that non-deterministic time is a very important resource in analyzing computational problems .
this biogeochemical cycle describes the movement of oxygen within and between its three main reservoirs on earth : the atmosphere , the biosphere , and the lithosphere .
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
the dornbirner ach had to be diverted , too , and it now flows parallel to the canalized rhine into the lake .
the sculpture collection at the v & a is the most comprehensive holding of post-classical european sculpture in the world .
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey .
the commission 's president ( currently an ex-luxembourg prime minister , jean-claude juncker ) sets the agenda for the eu 's work .
technically , these would be categorized as private schools , but many of them have the name " public school " appended to them , e.g. , the galaxy public school in kathmandu .
in 1979 , the soviet union deployed its 40th army into afghanistan , attempting to suppress an islamic rebellion against an allied marxist regime in the afghan civil war .
jacksonville also suffered damage from 2008 's tropical storm fay which crisscrossed the state , bringing parts of jacksonville under darkness for four days .
this hypothesis is called the cobham–edmonds thesis .
if there is audible dissent , the presiding officer announces " there will be a division " and members vote by means of electronic consoles on their desks .
the joe and rika mansueto library , built in 2011 , houses a large study space and an automatic book storage and retrieval system .
the top-level department and government agency known as the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( xuanzheng yuan ) was set up in khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) to supervise buddhist monks throughout the empire .
one important rock found during the apollo program is dubbed the genesis rock , retrieved by astronauts david scott and james irwin during the apollo 15 mission .
+ 1 is divisible by p. moreover , an integer n > 4 is composite if and only if ( n − 1 ) !
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
in the years after these rumors , neither tesla nor edison won the prize ( although edison did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1915 and tesla did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1937 ) .
such economic separation was the condition of the refugees ' initial acceptance in the city .
the very high-speed backbone network service ( vbns ) came on line in april 1995 as part of a national science foundation ( nsf ) sponsored project to provide high-speed interconnection between nsf-sponsored supercomputing centers and select access points in the united states .
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started .
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper .
the statement was in latin , apart from " we are beggars , " which was in german .
due to its central location between the commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596. in the following years the town expanded towards the suburbs .
according to siad , orientalism allowed europe to establish itself as the superior and the norm , which justified its dominance over the essentialized orient .
in the motor rallying arena , kenya is home to the world famous safari rally , commonly acknowledged as one of the toughest rallies in the world .
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
in general , each of these project structures allows the owner to integrate the services of architects , interior designers , engineers and constructors throughout design and construction .
sky picked up the remaining four for £1.3bn .
the harvard crimson competes in 42 intercollegiate sports in the ncaa division i ivy league .
several congregations were founded , such as those of fredericia ( denmark ) , berlin , stockholm , hamburg , frankfurt , helsinki , and emden .
grissom , white , and chaffee decided to name their flight apollo 1 as a motivational focus on the first manned flight .
this relationship eventually produced closer ties of blood through the marriage of emma , sister of duke richard ii of normandy , and king ethelred ii of england .
huguenot numbers peaked near an estimated two million by 1562 , concentrated mainly in the southern and central parts of france , about one-eighth the number of french catholics .
presented to the scottish parliament by the queen upon its official opening in july 1999 , the mace is displayed in a glass case suspended from the lid .
the show 's premise is that this is a life process of time lords through which the character of the doctor takes on a new body and , to some extent , new personality , which occurs after sustaining an injury which would be fatal to most other species .
the islamic republic has also maintained its hold on power in iran in spite of us economic sanctions , and has created or assisted like-minded shia terrorist groups in iraq , egypt , syria , jordan ( sciri ) and lebanon ( hezbollah ) ( two muslim countries that also have large shiite populations ) .
the mongol empire practiced religious tolerance because mongol tradition had long held that religion was a personal concept , and not subject to law or interference .
the customary law of normandy was developed between the 10th and 13th centuries and survives today through the legal systems of jersey and guernsey in the channel islands .
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1. the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) !
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot .
in 2005 , there were about 8 million members in over 34,000 congregations .
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto .
in 1898 , americans who opposed imperialism created the anti-imperialist league to oppose the us annexation of the philippines and cuba .
in 1354 , when toghtogha led a large army to crush the red turban rebels , toghun temür suddenly dismissed him for fear of betrayal .
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer .
it has offered a doctorate in music composition since 1933 and in cinema & media studies since 2000 , a master of fine arts in visual arts ( early 1970s ) , and a master of arts in the humanities with a creative writing track ( 2000 ) .
some clergy offer healing services , while exorcism is an occasional practice by some clergy in the united methodist church in africa .
the second main legislative body is the council , which is composed of different ministers of the member states .
hutchins eliminated varsity football from the university in an attempt to emphasize academics over athletics , instituted the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum known as the common core , and organized the university 's graduate work into its current [ when ? ]
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
tesla made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-world war i environment in a printed article , " science and discovery are the great forces which will lead to the consummation of the war " ( 20 december 1914 ) .
nonetheless , the linear channels were not offered , virgin media instead concentrating on its video on demand service to carry a modest selection of hd content .
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl .
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp .
his patented ac induction motor and transformer were licensed by george westinghouse , who also hired tesla for a short time as a consultant .
if member states place considerable obstacles on the use of a product , this can also infringe article 34. so , in a 2009 case , commission v italy , the court of justice held that an italian law prohibiting motorcycles or mopeds pulling trailers infringed article 34. again , the law applied neutrally to everyone , but disproportionately affected importers , because italian companies did not make trailers .
the city 's garrison resisted until february 1082 , when dyrrachium was betrayed to the normans by the venetian and amalfitan merchants who had settled there .
helper t cells have a weaker association with the mhc : antigen complex than observed for killer t cells , meaning many receptors ( around 200–300 ) on the helper t cell must be bound by an mhc : antigen in order to activate the helper cell , while killer t cells can be activated by engagement of a single mhc : antigen molecule .
famous musicians include władysław szpilman and frédéric chopin .
transform boundaries , such as the san andreas fault system , resulted in widespread powerful earthquakes .
during the divestment from south africa movement in the late 1980s , student activists erected a symbolic " shantytown " on harvard yard and blockaded a speech given by south african vice consul duke kent-brown .
the exceptions are the beroids , whose young are miniature beroids with large mouths and no tentacles , and the platyctenids , whose young live as cydippid-like plankton until they reach near-adult size , but then sink to the bottom and rapidly metamorphose into the adult form .
in marine service , ( pioneered on the turbinia ) , steam turbines with reduction gearing ( although the turbinia has direct turbines to propellers with no reduction gearbox ) dominated large ship propulsion throughout the late 20th century , being more efficient ( and requiring far less maintenance ) than reciprocating steam engines .
he had the theses checked for heresy and in december 1517 forwarded them to rome .
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum .
the snp took a further eight seats from the liberal democrats and one seat from the conservatives .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities .
brownlee argues , " bringing in deterrence at the level of justification detracts from the law ’ s engagement in a moral dialogue with the offender as a rational person because it focuses attention on the threat of punishment and not the moral reasons to follow this law . "
greater london has over 900,000 muslims , ( most of south asian origins and concentrated in the east london boroughs of newham , tower hamlets and waltham forest ) , and among them are some with a strong islamist outlook .
by that year , abc had a total viewership share of 23.63 % of american households , just below the limit of 25 % imposed by the fcc .
in december , the uk ’ s parliament heard a claim that a subscription to bskyb was ‘ often damaging ’ , along with alcohol , tobacco and gambling .
the lucas–lehmer test is particularly fast for numbers of this form .
luther taught that salvation and subsequently eternal life is not earned by good deeds but is received only as a free gift of god 's grace through faith in jesus christ as redeemer from sin .
parliament elections , take place every five years , and votes for members of the european parliament in member states must be organised by proportional representation or a single transferable vote .
the first commercially available audiobook was an abridged reading of the fourth doctor story state of decay in 1981. in 1988 , during a hiatus in the television show , slipback , the first radio drama , was transmitted .
at the same time he made attempts to help grow abc , goldenson had been trying since mid-1953 to provide content for the network by contacting his old acquaintances in hollywood , with whom he had worked when upt was a subsidiary of paramount pictures .
this force can be written as a sum of the electrostatic force ( due to the electric field ) and the magnetic force ( due to the magnetic field ) .
it is the third most populated megalopolis in the united states , after the great lakes megalopolis and the northeastern megalopolis .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
in the presidential elections , president kibaki under the party of national unity ran for re-election against the main opposition party , the orange democratic movement ( odm ) .
sometimes the prosecution proposes a plea bargain to civil disobedients , as in the case of the camden 28 , in which the defendants were offered an opportunity to plead guilty to one misdemeanor count and receive no jail time .
in november 1960 , john f. kennedy was elected president after a campaign that promised american superiority over the soviet union in the fields of space exploration and missile defense .
in his paper , he explained his theory that the earth must be much older than had previously been supposed in order to allow enough time for mountains to be eroded and for sediments to form new rocks at the bottom of the sea , which in turn were raised up to become dry land .
westinghouse convinced tesla to release his company from the licensing agreement over tesla 's ac patents in exchange for westinghouse electric purchasing the patents for a lump sum payment of $ 216,000 ; this provided westinghouse a break from what , due to alternating current 's rapid gain in popularity , had turned out to be an overly generous $ 2.50 per ac horsepower royalty .
there are 13 natural reserves in warsaw – among others , bielany forest , kabaty woods , czerniaków lake .
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
oxygen gas can also be produced through electrolysis of water into molecular oxygen and hydrogen .
southern california , often abbreviated socal , is a geographic and cultural region that generally comprises california 's southernmost 10 counties .
however after 1945 anti-colonial movements began to challenge the empire .
he was influenced by hamburg merchants and traders , his neighbors at friedrichsruh .
sir charles lyell first published his famous book , principles of geology , in 1830. this book , which influenced the thought of charles darwin , successfully promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
both special reports were requested by governments .
the purportedly scientific nature of " social darwinism " and a theory of races formed a supposedly rational justification for imperialism .
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) .
a geochemical component called kreep was discovered , which has no known terrestrial counterpart .
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010. that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004. ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase .
these include rifts with his early allies such as jamukha ( who also wanted to be a ruler of mongol tribes ) and wang khan ( his and his father 's ally ) , his son jochi , and problems with the most important shaman , who was allegedly trying to drive a wedge between him and his loyal brother khasar .
a simple case of dynamic equilibrium occurs in constant velocity motion across a surface with kinetic friction .
kearney park is the largest of the fresno region 's park system and is home to historic kearney mansion and plays host to the annual civil war revisited , the largest reenactment of the civil war in the west coast of the u.s .
there is criticism that american energy policies since the crisis have been dominated by crisis-mentality thinking , promoting expensive quick fixes and single-shot solutions that ignore market and technology realities .
to date , an estimated 438,000 species of plants of economic and social interest have been registered in the region with many more remaining to be discovered or catalogued .
the soviet union had sent animals around the moon on september 15 , 1968 , aboard zond 5 , and it was believed they might soon repeat the feat with human cosmonauts .
detailed investigation of chum salmon , oncorhynchus keta , showed that these fish digest ctenophores 20 times as fast as an equal weight of shrimps , and that ctenophores can provide a good diet if there are enough of them around .
aristotle provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force as an integral part of aristotelian cosmology .
only 100–150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
many customers order drugs from such pharmacies to avoid the " inconvenience " of visiting a doctor or to obtain medications which their doctors were unwilling to prescribe .
a president is elected by the judges for three years .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring ( 500 points ) , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections .
the 1983 20th anniversary special the five doctors had its début on 23 november ( the actual date of the anniversary ) on a number of pbs stations two days prior to its bbc one broadcast .
between bearing six children , hans – june 1526 ; elizabeth – 10 december 1527 , who died within a few months ; magdalene – 1529 , who died in luther 's arms in 1542 ; martin – 1531 ; paul – january 1533 ; and margaret – 1534 ; katharina helped the couple earn a living by farming the land and taking in boarders .
later on , broncos receiver jordan norwood received brad nortman 's short 28-yard punt surrounded by panthers players , but none of them attempted to make a tackle , apparently thinking norwood had called a fair catch .
kearney park is the largest of the fresno region 's park system and is home to historic kearney mansion and plays host to the annual civil war revisited , the largest reenactment of the civil war in the west coast of the u.s .
the static friction increases or decreases in response to the applied force up to an upper limit determined by the characteristics of the contact between the surface and the object .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
as a practice area and specialist domain , pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the needs of major national and international patient information projects and health system interoperability goals .
shi tianze was a han chinese who lived in the jin dynasty .
although kenya is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region , manufacturing still accounts for only 14 % of the gdp .
as an incentive for absolute obedience and following his rule of law , the yassa code , temüjin promised civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils .
the mouth of the rhine into lake constance forms an inland delta .
water in equilibrium with air contains approximately 1 molecule of dissolved o 2 for every 2 molecules of n 2 , compared to an atmospheric ratio of approximately 1:4. the solubility of oxygen in water is temperature-dependent , and about twice as much ( 14.6 mg·l−1 ) dissolves at 0 °c than at 20 °c ( 7.6 mg·l−1 ) .
in 1844 , the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences because of tensions over slavery and the power of bishops in the denomination .
the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years was dudley simpson , who is also well known for his theme and incidental music for blake 's 7 , and for his haunting theme music and score for the original 1970s version of the tomorrow people .
such exemplary saints include martyrs , confessors of the faith , evangelists , or important biblical figures such as saint matthew , lutheran theologian and martyr to the nazis dietrich bonhoeffer , salvation army founder william booth , african missionary david livingstone and methodism 's revered founder john wesley are among many cited as protestant saints .
it is now used to jointly house the prints and architectural drawings of the v & a ( prints , drawings , paintings and photographs ) and royal institute of british architects ( riba drawings and archives collections ) ; and the sackler centre for arts education , which opened in 2008 .
the social charter became the basis for european community legislation on these issues in 40 pieces of legislation .
some civil disobedients feel it is incumbent upon them to accept punishment because of their belief in the validity of the social contract , which is held to bind all to obey the laws that a government meeting certain standards of legitimacy has established , or else suffer the penalties set out in the law .
though the british were later defeated at sainte foy in quebec , the french ceded canada in accordance with the 1763 treaty .
the university 's main library is the regenstein library , which contains one of the largest collections of print volumes in the united states .
the bulk of huguenot émigrés relocated to protestant european nations such as england , wales , scotland , denmark , sweden , switzerland , the dutch republic , the electorate of brandenburg and electorate of the palatinate in the holy roman empire , the duchy of prussia , the channel islands , and ireland .
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman .
the institute will cost around $ 200 million and occupy the buildings of the chicago theological seminary .
luther taught that salvation and subsequently eternal life is not earned by good deeds but is received only as a free gift of god 's grace through faith in jesus christ as redeemer from sin .
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty .
the two aaa auto clubs of the state , the california state automobile association and the automobile club of southern california , choose to simplify matters by dividing the state along the lines where their jurisdictions for membership apply , as either northern or southern california , in contrast to the three-region point of view .
in january 2016 , moffat announced that he would step down after the 2017 finale , to be replaced by chris chibnall in 2018. in addition , series 10 will debut in spring 2017 , with a christmas special broadcast in 2016 .
peter capaldi took on the role after matt smith 's exit in the 2013 christmas special " the time of the doctor " .
in 1939 , c. 1,300,000 people lived in warsaw , but in 1945 – only 420,000. during the first years after the war , the population growth was c. 6 % , so shortly the city started to suffer from the lack of flats and of areas for new houses .
all missions were commanded by gemini or mercury veterans .
in total there are 352 votes , but for most acts there must be a qualified majority vote , if not consensus .
it is much more reactive towards common organic molecules than is molecular oxygen per se .
apicomplexans store their energy in amylopectin starch granules that are located in their cytoplasm , even though they are nonphotosynthetic .
during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict , the iranian government enjoyed something of a resurgence in popularity amongst the predominantly sunni " arab street , " due to its support for hezbollah and to president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's vehement opposition to the united states and his call that israel shall vanish .
the region is home to two extended metropolitan areas that exceed five million in population .
through experimentation , it is determined that laboratory measurements of forces are fully consistent with the conceptual definition of force offered by newtonian mechanics .
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball .
one in five of all the bird species in the world live in the rainforests of the amazon , and one in five of the fish species live in amazonian rivers and streams .
rubisco has a problem—it has trouble distinguishing between carbon dioxide and oxygen , so at high oxygen concentrations , rubisco starts accidentally adding oxygen to sugar precursors .
where chp is not used , steam turbines in power stations use surface condensers as a cold sink .
the colorado experiments had prepared tesla for the establishment of the trans-atlantic wireless telecommunications facility known as wardenclyffe near shoreham , long island .
in hinduism the spiritual teacher is known as a guru , and , in many traditions of hinduism - especially those common in the west - the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high , with gurus often exercising a great deal of control over the lives of their disciples .
mcletchie was elected on the lothian regional list and the conservatives suffered a net loss of five seats , with leader annabel goldie claiming that their support had held firm .
the university of warsaw was established in 1816 , when the partitions of poland separated warsaw from the oldest and most influential polish academic center , in kraków .
during the period in which the negotiations were being conducted , tesla said that efforts had been made to steal the invention .
in turkey , genghis khan is looked on as a great military leader , and it is popular for male children to carry his title as name .
the swahili built mombasa into a major port city and established trade links with other nearby city-states , as well as commercial centres in persia , arabia , and even india .
the normal force is due to repulsive forces of interaction between atoms at close contact .
the bakersfield-stockton mainlines of the burlington northern santa fe railway and union pacific railroad railroads cross in fresno , and both railroads maintain railyards within the city ; the san joaquin valley railroad also operates former southern pacific branchlines heading west and south out of the city .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
both buildings were completed in june 1979. wabc-tv moved its operations from offices at 77 west 66th street to 149 columbus avenue , freeing up space for the abc network to house some of its operations .
like the lombardi trophy , the " 50 " will be designed by tiffany & co .
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy .
there is a us $ 1,000,000 prize for resolving the problem .
the deal brought kibaki 's pnu and odinga 's odm together and heralded the formation of the grand coalition , in which the two political parties would share power equally .
in particular , medication therapy management ( mtm ) includes the clinical services that pharmacists can provide for their patients .
due to jacksonville 's low latitude and coastal location , the city sees very little cold weather , and winters are typically mild and sunny .
the second division under jebe marched secretly to the southeast part of khwarzemia to form , with the first division , a pincer attack on samarkand .
the energy crisis led to greater interest in renewable energy , nuclear power and domestic fossil fuels .
the last prime minister of the ( east ) german democratic republic , lothar de maizière , is also a descendant of a huguenot family , as is the german federal minister of the interior , thomas de maizière .
when such oxygen sinks became saturated , free oxygen began to outgas from the oceans 3–2.7 billion years ago , reaching 10 % of its present level around 1.7 billion years ago .
since 2008 , undergraduate students have been required to complete courses in eight general education categories : aesthetic and interpretive understanding , culture and belief , empirical and mathematical reasoning , ethical reasoning , science of living systems , science of the physical universe , societies of the world , and united states in the world .
according to tesla , edison remarked , " there 's fifty thousand dollars in it for you—if you can do it .
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent .
there have at one time or another been steam-powered farm tractors , motorcycles ( without much success ) and even automobiles as the stanley steamer .
the medieval esteve pharmacy , located in llívia , a catalan enclave close to puigcerdà , also now a museum , dates back to the 15th century , keeping albarellos from the 16th and 17th centuries , old prescription books and antique drugs .
philo incorrectly surmised that parts of the air in the vessel were converted into the classical element fire and thus were able to escape through pores in the glass .
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir .
at the time of his death , the mongol empire stretched from the caspian sea to the sea of japan .
as a tourist promotion , newcastle and gateshead have linked together under the banner " newcastlegateshead " , to spearhead the regeneration of the north-east .
he squished his toes one hundred times for each foot every night , saying that it stimulated his brain cells .
the musical instruments gallery closed 25 february 2010 , a decision which was highly controversial .
in response , many companies are growing beyond traditional offerings of design or construction services alone and are placing more emphasis on establishing relationships with other necessary participants through the design-build process .
if the tops of the rock units within the folds remain pointing upwards , they are called anticlines and synclines , respectively .
in the early 1950s , student applications declined as a result of increasing crime and poverty in the hyde park neighborhood .
government regulations have given private education more flexibility and autonomy in recent years , notably by lifting the moratorium on applications for new courses , new schools and conversions , by liberalizing tuition fee policy for private schools , by replacing values education for third and fourth years with english , mathematics and natural science at the option of the school , and by issuing the revised manual of regulations for private schools in august 1992 .
by the end of his life , the mongol empire occupied a substantial portion of central asia and china .
at the time of his death , the mongol empire stretched from the caspian sea to the sea of japan .
all these molecules initiate retrograde signaling—signals from the chloroplast that regulate gene expression in the nucleus .
in the spring of 1753 , paul marin de la malgue was given command of a 2,000-man force of troupes de la marine and indians .
in confirmation and membership preparation classes , students learn about church and the methodist-christian theological tradition in order to profess their ultimate faith in christ .
in may 1961 , life criticized the public enthusiasm and sponsorship for these types of shows at the expense of news programming and denounced an unofficial law " replacing the good programs with the bad ones " .
however , alternative approaches for primary education do exist .
islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect islam , while the contrary idea that islam is , or can be , apolitical is an error .
on 12 january , two thousand people attended a state funeral for tesla at the cathedral of saint john the divine .
the " huguenot street historic district " in new paltz has been designated a national historic landmark site and contains the oldest street in the united states of america .
a version was taken up by the author henry david thoreau in his essay civil disobedience , and later by gandhi in his doctrine of satyagraha .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
the most impressive examples of rococo architecture are czapski palace ( 1712–1721 ) , palace of the four winds ( 1730s ) and visitationist church ( façade 1728–1761 ) .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts are in dvb-compliant mpeg-2 , with the sky movies and sky box office channels including optional dolby digital soundtracks for recent films , although these are only accessible with a sky+ box .
the university 's competitive model united nations team was the top ranked team in north america in 2013-14 and 2014-2015. among notable rsos are the nation 's longest continuously running student film society doc films , organizing committee for the university of chicago scavenger hunt , the twice-weekly student newspaper the chicago maroon , the alternative weekly student newspaper south side weekly , the nation 's second oldest continuously running student improvisational theater troupe off-off campus , and the university-owned radio station whpk .
plague was present in at least one location in the islamic world virtually every year between 1500 and 1850. plague repeatedly struck the cities of north africa .
the world price , which had peaked during the 1979 energy crisis at nearly $ 40 per barrel , decreased during the 1980s to less than $ 10 per barrel .
as the industrial revolution took hold , the growth of mass production produced entrepreneurs such as josiah wedgwood , matthew boulton and eleanor coade .
platyctenids are usually cryptically colored , live on rocks , algae , or the body surfaces of other invertebrates , and are often revealed by their long tentacles with many sidebranches , seen streaming off the back of the ctenophore into the current .
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story .
the plant cells which contain chloroplasts are usually parenchyma cells , though chloroplasts can also be found in collenchyma tissue .
jacksonville surrounds the town of baldwin .
the tentilla of euplokamis differ significantly from those of other cydippids : they contain striated muscle , a cell type otherwise unknown in the phylum ctenophora ; and they are coiled when relaxed , while the tentilla of all other known ctenophores elongate when relaxed .
in july 1973 , as part of its outreach programme to young people , the v & a became the first museum in britain to present a rock concert .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
the theory formalizes this intuition , by introducing mathematical models of computation to study these problems and quantifying the amount of resources needed to solve them , such as time and storage .
members of the genus haeckelia prey on jellyfish and incorporate their prey 's nematocysts ( stinging cells ) into their own tentacles instead of colloblasts .
from italy , the disease spread northwest across europe , striking france , spain , portugal and england by june 1348 , then turned and spread east through germany and scandinavia from 1348 to 1350. it was introduced in norway in 1349 when a ship landed at askøy , then spread to bjørgvin ( modern bergen ) and iceland .
sudbury model democratic schools ' proponents argue that a school that has good , clear laws , fairly and democratically passed by the entire school community , and a good judicial system for enforcing these laws , is a school in which community discipline prevails , and in which an increasingly sophisticated concept of law and order develops , against other schools today , where rules are arbitrary , authority is absolute , punishment is capricious , and due process of law is unknown .
the experimental measurements made by watt on a model steam engine led to the development of the separate condenser .
the eye crossed st. augustine with winds that had just barely diminished to 110 mph ( 180 km/h ) , making it a strong category 2 on the saffir-simpson scale .
following bskyb 's 2014 acquisition of sky italia and a majority 90.04 % interest in sky deutschland in november 2014 , its holding company british sky broadcasting group plc changed its name to sky plc .
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) .
in 1807 , maclure commenced the self-imposed task of making a geological survey of the united states .
from a poll done by the princeton review , harvard is the second most commonly named " dream college " , both for students and parents in 2013 , and was the first nominated by parents in 2009. in 2011 , the mines paristech : professional ranking world universities ranked harvard 1st university in the world in terms of number of alumni holding ceo position in fortune global 500 companies .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
charles w. eliot , president 1869–1909 , eliminated the favored position of christianity from the curriculum while opening it to student self-direction .
when a t-cell encounters a foreign pathogen , it extends a vitamin d receptor .
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff .
a prime number ( or a prime ) is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself .
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " wir glauben all an einen gott " ( " we all believe in one true god " ) is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism .
the americas during the pre-columbian era also had large empires such as the aztec empire and the incan empire .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
the island archipelagos of orkney , shetland and the western isles comprise a much smaller number of electors , due to their dispersed population and distance from the scottish parliament in edinburgh .
from 1530 a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from tyneside to newcastle quayside , giving a monopoly in the coal trade to a cartel of newcastle burgesses known as the hostmen .
the very first fresno television station to begin broadcasting was kmj-tv , which debuted on june 1 , 1953. kmj is now known as nbc affiliate ksee .
a computational problem can be viewed as an infinite collection of instances together with a solution for every instance .
a key difference between the government and private schools is that the medium of education in private schools is english while it is the local language in government schools .
" tesla said he could feel a sharp stinging pain where it entered his body , and again at the place where it passed out . "
in old or stressed chloroplasts , plastoglobuli tend to occur in linked groups or chains , still always anchored to a thylakoid .
from newcastle international ferry terminal , at north shields , danish dfds seaways run a service to ijmuiden ( near amsterdam ) .
the average plant biomass is estimated at 356 ± 47 tonnes per hectare .
the last active huguenot congregation in north america worships in charleston , south carolina , at a church that dates to 1844. the huguenot society of america maintains manakin episcopal church in virginia as an historic shrine with occasional services .
his hymns influenced the development of singing in churches .
the rhine bridge at arnhem , immortalized in the book , a bridge too far and the film , was a central focus of the battle for arnhem , during the failed operation market garden of september 1944. the bridges at nijmegen , over the waal distributary of the rhine , were also an objective of operation market garden .
september 1994 saw the debut of nypd blue , a gritty police procedural from steven bochco ( who created doogie howser , m.d .
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
johann eck , speaking on behalf of the empire as assistant of the archbishop of trier , presented luther with copies of his writings laid out on a table and asked him if the books were his , and whether he stood by their contents .
rca converted the nbc blue network into an independent subsidiary , formally divorcing the operations of nbc red and nbc blue on january 8 , 1942 , with the blue network being referred to on-air as either " blue " or " blue network " .
moreover , some churches , especially in 2016 after same-sex marriage was legalized nationwide , have provided blessings for same-sex marriages .
the earth 's mantle , of much larger mass than the crust , is largely composed of silicates of magnesium and iron .
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982. this building is of concrete and very functional , the only embellishment being the iron gates by christopher hay and douglas coyne of the royal college of art .
bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts are in dvb-compliant mpeg-2 , with the sky movies and sky box office channels including optional dolby digital soundtracks for recent films , although these are only accessible with a sky+ box .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
new york city o & o wabc-tv and philadelphia o & o wpvi-tv were the first stations to offer streams of their programming on the service ( with a free preview for non-subscribers through june 2013 ) , with the six remaining abc o & os offering streams by the start of the 2013–14 season .
doctor who has always appeared initially on the bbc 's mainstream bbc one channel , where it is regarded as a family show , drawing audiences of many millions of viewers ; episodes are now repeated on bbc three .
howard zinn writes , " there may be many times when protesters choose to go to jail , as a way of continuing their protest , as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
three of his best-known works were published in 1520 : to the christian nobility of the german nation , on the babylonian captivity of the church , and on the freedom of a christian .
the combined effect of these events led to prime minister wilson committing his government to some form of devolved legislature in 1974. however , it was not until 1978 that final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly were passed by the united kingdom parliament .
in on the abrogation of the private mass , he condemned as idolatry the idea that the mass is a sacrifice , asserting instead that it is a gift , to be received with thanksgiving by the whole congregation .
despite their soft , gelatinous bodies , fossils thought to represent ctenophores , apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms , have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early cambrian , about 515 million years ago .
due to its energy content , o2 is used by complex forms of life , such as animals , in cellular respiration ( see biological role ) .
the british failures in north america , combined with other failures in the european theater , led to the fall from power of newcastle and his principal military advisor , the duke of cumberland .
running back ronnie hillman also made a big impact with 720 yards , five touchdowns , 24 receptions , and a 4.7 yards per carry average .
in marine service , ( pioneered on the turbinia ) , steam turbines with reduction gearing ( although the turbinia has direct turbines to propellers with no reduction gearbox ) dominated large ship propulsion throughout the late 20th century , being more efficient ( and requiring far less maintenance ) than reciprocating steam engines .
a modern example of school discipline in north america and western europe relies upon the idea of an assertive teacher who is prepared to impose their will upon a class .
in 2007 , bskyb and virgin media became involved in a dispute over the carriage of sky channels on cable tv .
newcastle student radio is run by students from both of the city 's universities , broadcasting from newcastle university 's student 's union building during term time .
the principles of imperialism are often generalizable to the policies and practices of the british empire " during the last generation , and proceeds rather by diagnosis than by historical description " .
huguenot numbers peaked near an estimated two million by 1562 , concentrated mainly in the southern and central parts of france , about one-eighth the number of french catholics .
largely developed in the 1950s through the 1970s , it has recently experienced a surge in new home construction .
despite the high position given to muslims , some policies of the yuan emperors severely discriminated against them , restricting halal slaughter and other islamic practices like circumcision , as well as kosher butchering for jews , forcing them to eat food the mongol way .
in simple terms , physical barriers prevent pathogens such as bacteria and viruses from entering the organism .
the outcome of most votes can be predicted beforehand since political parties normally instruct members which way to vote .
moderate and reformist islamists who accept and work within the democratic process include parties like the tunisian ennahda movement .
short clips from every story with the exception of marco polo , " mission to the unknown " and the massacre of st bartholomew 's eve also exist .
the university currently enrolls approximately 5,000 students in the college and around 15,000 students overall .
on average , women are more likely than men to consider factors other than pay when looking for work , and may be less willing to travel or relocate .
after al-nimeiry was overthrown in 1985 the party did poorly in national elections , but in 1989 it was able to overthrow the elected post-al-nimeiry government with the help of the military .
on october 19 , 2005 , abc announced the restructuring of the group into six divisions : entertainment communications , communications resources , kids communications , news communications , corporate communications , and international communications .
other notable structures include the 37-story wells fargo center ( with its distinctive flared base making it the defining building in the jacksonville skyline ) , originally built in 1972-74 by the independent life and accident insurance company , and the 28 floor riverplace tower which , when completed in 1967 , was the tallest precast , post-tensioned concrete structure in the world .
close to newcastle , the largest indoor shopping centre in europe , the metrocentre , is located in gateshead .
the account of his travels , il milione ( or , the million , known in english as the travels of marco polo ) , appeared about the year 1299. some argue over the accuracy of marco polo 's accounts due to the lack of mentioning the great wall of china , tea houses , which would have been a prominent sight since europeans had yet to adopt a tea culture , as well the practice of foot binding by the women in capital of the great khan .
the largest co-ed independent school is the royal grammar school .
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 142 pounds ( 64 kg ) , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926.:292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities .
los angeles ( at 3.7 million people ) and san diego ( at 1.3 million people ) , both in southern california , are the two largest cities in all of california ( and two of the eight largest cities in the united states ) .
there are many concepts of teachers in islam , ranging from mullahs ( the teachers at madrassas ) to ulemas , who teach of the laws of islam for the proper way of islamic living according to the sunnah and ahadith , and can render legal verdicts upon matters of islamic law in accordance with the teaching of one of the four schools of jurisprudence .
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats .
in 1870 , tesla moved to karlovac , to attend school at the higher real gymnasium , where he was profoundly influenced by a math teacher martin sekulić .
in van gend en loos v nederlandse administratie der belastingen it was held that the provisions of the treaties ( and eu regulations ) are directly effective , if they are ( 1 ) clear and unambiguous ( 2 ) unconditional , and ( 3 ) did not require eu or national authorities to take further action to implement them .
in 1957 competition rules were included in the treaty of rome , also known as the ec treaty , which established the european economic community ( eec ) .
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx .
there are 3 main bus companies providing services in the city ; arriva north east , go north east and stagecoach north east .
for example , integers can be represented in binary notation , and graphs can be encoded directly via their adjacency matrices , or by encoding their adjacency lists in binary .
and still other civil disobedients , being anarchists , do n't believe in the legitimacy of any government , and therefore see no need to accept punishment for a violation of criminal law that does not infringe the rights of others .
the maroons compete in the ncaa 's division iii as members of the university athletic association ( uaa ) .
another example was the insignificance of the ministry of war compared with native chinese dynasties , as the real military authority in yuan times resided in the privy council .
these insects spend most of their lives as grubs underground .
the river now flows north as upper rhine through the upper rhine plain , which is about 300 km long and up to 40 km wide .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth .
the taliban differed from other islamist movements to the point where they might be more properly described as islamic fundamentalist or neofundamentalist , interested in spreading " an idealized and systematized version of conservative tribal village customs " under the label of sharia to an entire country .
the pseudo-sciences of social darwinism and theories of race formed an ideological underpinning during this time .
the answer , from bryan davies was that the museum intended to preserve and care for the collection and keep it available to the public , with items being redistributed to the british galleries , the medieval & renaissance galleries , and the planned new galleries for furniture and europe 1600–1800 , and that the horniman museum and other institutions were possible candidates for loans of material to ensure that the instruments remained publicly viewable .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
kuchlug , the deposed khan of the naiman confederation that temüjin defeated and folded into his mongol empire , fled west and usurped the khanate of qara khitai ( also known as the western liao , as it was originally established as remnants of the liao dynasty ) .
meps divide , as they do in national parliaments , along political party lines : the conservative european people 's party is currently the largest , and the party of european socialists leads the opposition .
rna silencing mechanisms are particularly important in this systemic response as they can block virus replication .
on 12 january , two thousand people attended a state funeral for tesla at the cathedral of saint john the divine .
the poor and the middle class matter the most for growth via a number of interrelated economic , social , and political channels . "
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense .
the early united states expressed its opposition to imperialism , at least in a form distinct from its own manifest destiny , through policies such as the monroe doctrine .
millionaire ended its run on the network 's primetime lineup after three years in 2002 , with buena vista television relaunching the show as a syndicated program ( under that incarnation 's original host meredith vieira ) in september of that year .
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays .
residential construction practices , technologies , and resources must conform to local building authority regulations and codes of practice .
they then use the atp and nadph to make organic molecules from carbon dioxide in a process known as the calvin cycle .
finally , the 1996 television film premièred on 12 may 1996 on citv in edmonton , canada , 15 days before the bbc one showing , and two days before it aired on fox in the united states .
in 1640 pierre de fermat stated ( without proof ) fermat 's little theorem ( later proved by leibniz and euler ) .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
water ( h2o ) and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) are used in photosynthesis , and sugar and oxygen ( o2 ) is made , using light energy .
in 1979 , the soviet union deployed its 40th army into afghanistan , attempting to suppress an islamic rebellion against an allied marxist regime in the afghan civil war .
one of the most important cities in this region is duisburg with the largest river port in europe ( duisport ) .
in the uk , a report for a house of lords committee asked to urge the ipcc to involve better assessments of costs and benefits of climate change but the stern review ordered by the uk government made a stronger argument in favor to combat human-made climate change .
furnished with notes and prefaces by luther , and with woodcuts by lucas cranach that contained anti-papal imagery , it played a major role in the spread of luther 's doctrine throughout germany .
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " .
[ citation needed ] in 1705 , amsterdam and the area of west frisia were the first areas to provide full citizens rights to huguenot immigrants , followed by the dutch republic in 1715. huguenots intermarried with dutch from the outset .
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast .
by condensing the fluid , the work required by the pump consumes only 1 % to 3 % of the turbine power and contributes to a much higher efficiency for a real cycle .
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
inflammation causes a great deal of oxidative stress and the presence of melatonin during sleep times could actively counteract free radical production during this time .
in 1998 , abc premiered the aaron sorkin-created sitcom sports night , centering on the travails of the staff of a sportscenter-style sports news program ; despite earning critical praise and multiple emmy awards , the series was cancelled in 2000 after two seasons .
the average household size was 3.07. there were 111,529 families ( 70.4 % of all households ) ; the average family size was 3.62 .
in germany , teachers are mainly civil servants recruited in special university classes , called lehramtstudien ( teaching education studies ) .
cyanobacteria are considered the ancestors of chloroplasts .
the views of ali shariati , ideologue of the iranian revolution , had resemblance with mohammad iqbal , ideological father of the state of pakistan , but khomeini 's beliefs is perceived to be placed somewhere between beliefs of sunni islamic thinkers like mawdudi and qutb .
all but one of the known platyctenid species lack comb-rows .
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network .
in the early 1970s , michael eisner , who joined abc in 1966 , became the network 's program development manager .
opposition politicians , human rights groups , and nine western countries criticised the security bill , arguing that it infringed on democratic freedoms .
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine .
using handheld gps devices and programs like google earth , members of the trio tribe , who live in the rainforests of southern suriname , map out their ancestral lands to help strengthen their territorial claims .
a september 1565 french naval attack against the new spanish colony at st. augustine failed when its ships were hit by a hurricane on their way to the spanish encampment at fort matanzas .
escalating , he instituted dragonnades , which included the occupation and looting of huguenot homes by military troops , in an effort to forcibly convert them .
the first four are sections within their corresponding graduate divisions , while the new collegiate division administers interdisciplinary majors and studies which do not fit in one of the other four divisions .
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " .
many charter schools do not require that their teachers be certified , provided they meet the standards to be highly qualified as set by no child left behind .
many millerton residents , drawn by the convenience of the railroad and worried about flooding , moved to the new community .
due to his earlier defeat of the merkits , and a proclamation by the shaman kokochu that the eternal blue sky had set aside the world for temüjin , temüjin began rising to power .
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102. cornerbacks aqib talib ( three interceptions ) and chris harris , jr. ( two interceptions ) were the other two pro bowl selections from the defense .
in reyners v belgium the court of justice held that a refusal to admit a lawyer to the belgian bar because he lacked belgian nationality was unjustified .
andy taylor , former lead guitarist of duran duran was born here in 1961. brian johnson was a member of local rock band geordie before becoming the lead vocalist of ac/dc .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
a few years after the first crusade , in 1107 , the normans under the command of bohemond , robert 's son , landed in valona and besieged dyrrachium using the most sophisticated military equipment of the time , but to no avail .
the abc also provided partial funding for the 20th anniversary special the five doctors in 1983. repeats of both the classic and modern series have also been shown on subscription television channels bbc uktv , sf and later on syfy upon sf 's closure .
at 25 °c and 1 standard atmosphere ( 101.3 kpa ) of air , freshwater contains about 6.04 milliliters ( ml ) of oxygen per liter , whereas seawater contains about 4.95 ml per liter .
temüjin began his ascent to power by offering himself as an ally ( or , according to other sources , a vassal ) to his father 's anda ( sworn brother or blood brother ) toghrul , who was khan of the keraites , and is better known by the chinese title " wang khan " , which the jurchen jin dynasty granted him in 1197. this relationship was first reinforced when börte was captured by the merkits .
the wars of religion precluded a return voyage , and the outpost was abandoned .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
the plowshares organization temporarily closed gcsb waihopai by padlocking the gates and using sickles to deflate one of the large domes covering two satellite dishes .
coastal species need to be tough enough to withstand waves and swirling sediment particles , while some oceanic species are so fragile that it is very difficult to capture them intact for study .
western areas of the coast region are mostly christian .
temujin 's resentment erupted during one hunting excursion that temüjin and his brother khasar killed their half-brother begter .
he distinguished between the innate tendency of objects to find their " natural place " ( e.g. , for heavy bodies to fall ) , which led to " natural motion " , and unnatural or forced motion , which required continued application of a force .
it has won the short form of the hugo award for best dramatic presentation , the oldest science fiction/fantasy award for films and series , six times ( every year since 2006 , except for 2009 , 2013 and 2014 ) .
despite a significant increase in viewership ( with its audience share having increased to 33 % from the 15 % share it had in 1953 ) , abc remained in third place ; the company had a total revenue of $ 15.5 million , a third of the revenue pulled in by cbs at the same period .
type i hypersensitivity is mediated by ige , which triggers degranulation of mast cells and basophils when cross-linked by antigen .
the plain moraine plateau has only a few natural and artificial ponds and also groups of clay pits .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
for example , the mineral feo ( wüstite ) is written as fe 1 − xo , where x is usually around 0.05 .
commissioners have sometimes been found to have abused their offices , particularly since the santer commission was censured by parliament in 1999 , and it eventually resigned due to corruption allegations .
the city is home to the children 's memorial health institute ( cmhi ) , the highest-reference hospital in all of poland , as well as an active research and education center .
notable examples include the traveling salesman problem and the integer factorization problem .
known as the " great fire of 1901 " , it was one of the worst disasters in florida history and the largest urban fire in the southeastern united states .
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005. in this latter gallery stained glass is displayed alongside silverware starting in the 12th century and continuing to the present .
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) .
the historian fred anderson suggests that tanaghrisson was acting to gain the support of the british and regain authority over his own people . they had been inclined to support the french , with whom they had long trading relationships .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
in 1993 , the fcc repealed the financial interest and syndication rules , once again allowing networks to hold interests in television production studios .
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg .
the wojciech bogusławski theatre ( 1922–26 ) , was the best example of " polish monumental theatre " .
between 1402 and 1405 , the expedition led by the norman noble jean de bethencourt and the poitevine gadifer de la salle conquered the canarian islands of lanzarote , fuerteventura and el hierro off the atlantic coast of africa .
kenia , 1862. controversy over the actual meaning of the word kenya notwithstanding , it is clear that the mountain 's name became widely accepted , pars pro toto , as the name of the country .
jochi died in 1226 , during his father 's lifetime .
a 2013 report on nigeria suggests that growth has risen with increased income inequality .
his work in the formative years of electric power development was involved in a corporate alternating current/direct current " war of currents " as well as various patent battles .
the rhine bridge at arnhem , immortalized in the book , a bridge too far and the film , was a central focus of the battle for arnhem , during the failed operation market garden of september 1944. the bridges at nijmegen , over the waal distributary of the rhine , were also an objective of operation market garden .
the united methodist church teaches that pornography is " about violence , degradation , exploitation , and coercion " and " deplore [ s ] all forms of commercialization , abuse , and exploitation of sex . "
there are infinitely many primes , as demonstrated by euclid around 300 bc .
in september 1967 , mueller approved a sequence of mission types which had to be successfully accomplished in order to achieve the manned lunar landing .
when the methodists in america were separated from the church of england , john wesley himself provided a revised version of the book of common prayer called the sunday service of the methodists in north america .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
plants have two main immune responses—the hypersensitive response , in which infected cells seal themselves off and undergo programmed cell death , and systemic acquired resistance , where infected cells release signals warning the rest of the plant of a pathogen 's presence .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
newcastlegateshead , a festival of food and drink , runs for 2 weeks each year in mid june .
parliamentary time is also set aside for question periods in the debating chamber .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
the megaregion 's area is more expansive , extending east into las vegas , nevada , and south across the mexican border into tijuana .
he went on to produce several critical pamphlets on islam , which he called " mohammedanism " or " the turk " .
29.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 7.9 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
many of the farms in the western cape province in south africa still bear french names .
studies on income inequality and growth have sometimes found evidence confirming the kuznets curve hypothesis , which states that with economic development , inequality first increases , then decreases .
according to messiaen this way of composing was " inspired by the movements of nature , movements of free and unequal durations " .
in 1830 , the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church over the issue of laity having a voice and vote in the administration of the church , insisting that clergy should not be the only ones to have any determination in how the church was to be operated .
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch .
the first of these was the " dalekmania " period ( circa 1964–1965 ) , when the popularity of the daleks regularly brought doctor who ratings of between 9 and 14 million , even for stories which did not feature them .
louis xiv gained the throne in 1643 and acted increasingly aggressively to force the huguenots to convert .
hayri abaza argues the failure to distinguish between islam and islamism leads many in the west to support illiberal islamic regimes , to the detriment of progressive moderates who seek to separate religion from politics .
when some species , including bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera , are disturbed , they produce secretions ( ink ) that luminesce at much the same wavelengths as their bodies .
out of these , three are heavy populated areas : the los angeles area with over 12 million inhabitants , the riverside-san bernardino area with over four million inhabitants , and the san diego area with over 3 million inhabitants .
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks .
because the haptophyte chloroplast has four membranes , tertiary endosymbiosis would be expected to create a six membraned chloroplast , adding the haptophyte 's cell membrane and the dinophyte 's phagosomal vacuole .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
several flagship series debuted on the network during this time including dynasty , an opulent drama from aaron spelling that became a hit when it premiered as a midseason series in 1981 , five months before spelling 's other abc hit charlie 's angels ended its run .
the riba 's holdings of over 330 drawings by andrea palladio are the largest in the world , other europeans well represented are jacques gentilhatre and antonio visentini .
as of 2012 , quality private schools in the united states charged substantial tuition , close to $ 40,000 annually for day schools in new york city , and nearly $ 50,000 for boarding schools .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
a 1964 program definition study concluded that the initial design should be continued as block i which would be used for early testing , while block ii , the actual lunar spacecraft , would incorporate the docking equipment and take advantage of the lessons learned in block i development .
they often participate in patient care rounds drug product selection .
government funding for religious schools is either subject to restrictions or possibly forbidden , according to the courts ' interpretation of the establishment clause of the first amendment or individual state blaine amendments .
the current 8–4–4 system was launched in january 1985. it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector .
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty .
according to imf staff economists , " if the income share of the top 20 percent ( the rich ) increases , then gdp growth actually declines over the medium term , suggesting that the benefits do not trickle down .
mercury is the working fluid in the mercury vapor turbine .
some scholars , such as mark u. edwards in his book luther 's last battles : politics and polemics 1531–46 ( 1983 ) , suggest that since luther 's increasingly antisemitic views developed during the years his health deteriorated , it is possible they were at least partly the product of a declining state of mind .
when he went to his bed , he prayed , " into your hand i commit my spirit ; you have redeemed me , o lord , faithful god " ( ps . 31:5 ) , the common prayer of the dying .
the title khagan was not conferred on genghis until after his death , when his son and successor , ögedei , took the title for himself and extended it posthumously to his father ( as he was also to be posthumously declared the founder of the yuan dynasty ) .
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
western musical instruments were introduced to enrich chinese performing arts .
his method is described in the jade mirror of the four unknowns , written in 1303. the opening pages contain a diagram of pascal 's triangle .
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005. in this latter gallery stained glass is displayed alongside silverware starting in the 12th century and continuing to the present .
in 2012 the economist intelligence unit ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
the third invasion was stopped with the improbable french victory in the battle of carillon , in which 3,600 frenchmen famously and decisively defeated abercrombie 's force of 18,000 regulars , militia and native american allies outside the fort the french called carillon and the british called ticonderoga .
westinghouse looked into getting a patent on a similar commutator-less , rotating magnetic field-based induction motor presented in a paper in march 1888 by the italian physicist galileo ferraris , but decided tesla 's patent would probably control the market .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
some authors combined ctenophores and cnidarians in one phylum , coelenterata , as both groups rely on water flow through the body cavity for both digestion and respiration .
headquartered in southern california are the walt disney company ( which also owns abc ) , sony pictures , universal , mgm , paramount pictures , 20th century fox , and warner brothers .
it had significantly eased trade and commerce across asia until its decline ; the communications between yuan dynasty and its ally and subordinate in persia , the ilkhanate , encouraged this development .
confucian governmental practices and examinations based on the classics , which had fallen into disuse in north china during the period of disunity , were reinstated by the yuan court , probably in the hope of maintaining order over han society .
this also led luther to reject the idea of torments for the saints : " it is enough for us to know that souls do not leave their bodies to be threatened by the torments and punishments of hell , but enter a prepared bedchamber in which they sleep in peace . "
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner .
the first direct elections for native kenyans to the legislative council took place in 1957. despite british hopes of handing power to " moderate " local rivals , it was the kenya african national union ( kanu ) of jomo kenyatta that formed a government .
economist simon kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development .
the 1973 oil crisis began in october 1973 when the members of the organization of arab petroleum exporting countries ( oapec , consisting of the arab members of opec plus egypt and syria ) proclaimed an oil embargo .
all this compares very favourably against incompetent , inefficient , or neglectful governments whose commitment to social justice is limited to rhetoric .
invitations to address parliament in this manner are determined by the presiding officer on the advice of the parliamentary bureau .
tibetan art from the 14th to the 19th century is represented by notable 14th- and 15th-century religious images in wood and bronze , scroll paintings and ritual objects .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
eventually , he sold wardenclyffe for $ 20,000 ( $ 472,500 in today 's dollars ) .
preparatory schools in the uk prepare pupils aged up to 13 years old to enter public schools .
co-teaching focuses the student on learning by providing a social networking support that allows them to reach their full cognitive potential .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng .
the tower was erected to its full 187 feet ( 57 m ) .
in contrast to many other parliamentary systems , parliament elects a first minister from a number of candidates at the beginning of each parliamentary term ( after a general election ) .
the innate response is usually triggered when microbes are identified by pattern recognition receptors , which recognize components that are conserved among broad groups of microorganisms , or when damaged , injured or stressed cells send out alarm signals , many of which ( but not all ) are recognized by the same receptors as those that recognize pathogens .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
accepted general principles of european union law include fundamental rights ( see human rights ) , proportionality , legal certainty , equality before the law and subsidiarity .
when two forces act on a point particle , the resulting force , the resultant ( also called the net force ) , can be determined by following the parallelogram rule of vector addition : the addition of two vectors represented by sides of a parallelogram , gives an equivalent resultant vector that is equal in magnitude and direction to the transversal of the parallelogram .
the 1988 story silver nemesis was broadcast with all three episodes airing back to back on tvnz in new zealand in november , after the first episode had been shown in the uk but before the final two instalments had aired there .
this law is an extension of galileo 's insight that constant velocity was associated with a lack of net force ( see a more detailed description of this below ) .
the hoppings , reputedly the largest travelling fair in europe , takes place on newcastle town moor every june .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
during the protestant reformation , lefevre , a professor at the university of paris , published his french translation of the new testament in 1523 , followed by the whole bible in the french language in 1530. william farel was a student of lefevre who went on to become a leader of the swiss reformation , establishing a protestant government in geneva .
currently detention is one of the most common punishments in schools in the united states , the uk , ireland , singapore and other countries .
leaving a sizable force at fort william henry to distract montcalm , he began organizing for the expedition to quebec .
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz .
the only chloroplast structure that can considered analogous to it is the internal thylakoid system .
this involves publishing default emission factors , which are factors used to derive emissions estimates based on the levels of fuel consumption , industrial production and so on .
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega .
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen .
the substantial price increases of 1973–1974 largely returned their prices and corresponding incomes to bretton woods levels in terms of commodities such as gold .
in nature , singlet oxygen is commonly formed from water during photosynthesis , using the energy of sunlight .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
victorian farms produce nearly 90 % of australian pears and third of apples .
in his many notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon , he attributed the skin damage to various causes .
common autoimmune diseases include hashimoto 's thyroiditis , rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus type 1 , and systemic lupus erythematosus .
continuing the style of the earlier buildings , various designers were responsible for the decoration , the terracotta embellishments were again the work of godfrey sykes , although sgraffito was used to decorate the east side of the building designed by f. w. moody , a final embellishment were the wrought iron gates made as late as 1885 designed by starkie gardner , these lead to a passage through the building .
he was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the black death for the second edition in 1908 , implicating rats and fleas in the process , and his interpretation was widely accepted for other ancient and medieval epidemics , such as the justinian plague that was prevalent in the eastern roman empire from 541 to 700 ce .
oxygen was discovered independently by carl wilhelm scheele , in uppsala , in 1773 or earlier , and joseph priestley in wiltshire , in 1774 , but priestley is often given priority because his work was published first .
his last sermon was delivered at eisleben , his place of birth , on 15 february 1546 , three days before his death .
some huguenots settled in bedfordshire , one of the main centres of the british lace industry at the time .
private schooling in the united states has been debated by educators , lawmakers and parents , since the beginnings of compulsory education in massachusetts in 1852. the supreme court precedent appears to favor educational choice , so long as states may set standards for educational accomplishment .
crew members would also exclusively wear modified , fire-resistant block ii space suits , and would be designated by the block ii titles , regardless of whether a lm was present on the flight or not .
some scholars , such as mark u. edwards in his book luther 's last battles : politics and polemics 1531–46 ( 1983 ) , suggest that since luther 's increasingly antisemitic views developed during the years his health deteriorated , it is possible they were at least partly the product of a declining state of mind .
dikes , long , planar igneous intrusions , enter along cracks , and therefore often form in large numbers in areas that are being actively deformed .
in a separate operation , the ludendorff bridge , crossing the rhine at remagen , became famous , when u.s. forces were able to capture it intact – much to their own surprise – after the germans failed to demolish it .
left untreated , of those that contract the bubonic plague , 80 percent die within eight days .
in the coming decades , pharmacists are expected to become more integral within the health care system .
abc also owns the times square studios at 1500 broadway on land in times square owned by a development fund for the 42nd street project ; opened in 1999 , good morning america and nightline are broadcast from this particular facility .
it is named after william john macquorn rankine , a scottish polymath .
thus , in a market economy , inequality is a reflection of the productivity gap between highly-paid professions and lower-paid professions .
he was supposedly killed with poison by el temür , and tugh temür then remounted the throne .
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated .
edison , saying that he was only joking , replied , " tesla , you do n't understand our american humor .
a third series was broadcast from 6 to 10 july 2009 , and consisted of a single five-part story called children of earth which was set largely in london .
one of the earliest surviving examples of european quilting , the late 14th-century sicilian tristan quilt , is also held by the collection .
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 .
the city has two universities — newcastle university and northumbria university .
the element is found in almost all biomolecules that are important to ( or generated by ) life .
errant members can be deselected as official party candidates during future elections , and , in serious cases , may be expelled from their parties outright .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
during 1942 , pinedale , in what is now north fresno , was the site of the pinedale assembly center , an interim facility for the relocation of fresno area japanese americans to internment camps .
they are bounded by four membranes , but the membranes are not connected to the endoplasmic reticulum .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
he intended his vigorous , direct language to make the bible accessible to everyday germans , " for we are removing impediments and difficulties so that other people may read it without hindrance . "
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) .
even simple unicellular organisms such as bacteria possess a rudimentary immune system , in the form of enzymes that protect against bacteriophage infections .
like other national british museums , entrance to the museum has been free since 2001 .
consultant pharmacists most typically work in nursing homes , but are increasingly branching into other institutions and non-institutional settings .
walt disney and his brother roy contacted goldenson at the end of 1953 for abc to agree to finance part of the disneyland project in exchange for producing a television program for the network .
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library .
the french monk marin mersenne looked at primes of the form 2p − 1 , with p a prime .
founded in 1968 by the union of the methodist church ( usa ) and the evangelical united brethren church , the umc traces its roots back to the revival movement of john and charles wesley in england as well as the great awakening in the united states .
because he published his findings first , priestley is usually given priority in the discovery .
the private education student financial assistance is made available to underprivileged , but deserving high school graduates , who wish to pursue college/technical education in private colleges and universities .
their descendants in many families continued to use french first names and surnames for their children well into the nineteenth century .
the first settlement in the area occurred in 1803 at sullivan bay , and much of what is now victoria was included in the port phillip district in 1836 , an administrative division of new south wales .
albert einstein extended the principle of inertia further when he explained that reference frames subject to constant acceleration , such as those free-falling toward a gravitating object , were physically equivalent to inertial reference frames .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
cbs introduced new features during the telecast , including pylon cameras and microphones along with eyevision 360—an array of 36 cameras along the upper deck that can be used to provide a 360-degree view of plays and " bullet time " effects .
although the 7–4–2–3 system theoretically ended with the introduction of the new 8–4–4 system in 1985 , the last batch of students from the former system graduated from kenyan universities in 1992 .
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) .
as the andes mountains rose , however , a large basin was created that enclosed a lake ; now known as the solimões basin .
nonetheless , worldvision sold portions of its catalog , including the ruby-spears and hanna-barbera libraries , to turner broadcasting system in 1990. with disney 's 1996 purchase of abc , abc circle films was absorbed into touchstone television , a disney subsidiary which in turn was renamed abc studios in 2007 .
by 1979 , virtually all " full-size " american cars had shrunk , featuring smaller engines and smaller outside dimensions .
the name oxygen was coined in 1777 by antoine lavoisier , whose experiments with oxygen helped to discredit the then-popular phlogiston theory of combustion and corrosion .
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased .
the primary companions of the ninth and tenth doctors were rose tyler ( billie piper ) , martha jones ( freema agyeman ) , and donna noble ( catherine tate ) with mickey smith ( noel clarke ) and jack harkness ( john barrowman ) recurring as secondary companion figures .
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs .
early in 1537 , johannes agricola ( 1494–1566 ) – serving at the time as pastor in luther 's birthplace , eisleben – preached a sermon in which he claimed that god 's gospel , not god 's moral law ( the ten commandments ) , revealed god 's wrath to christians .
in 2010 , newcastle was positioned ninth in the retail centre expenditure league of the uk .
moreover , many conferences have taken a position by voting in favor of same-gender marriages with resolutions .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
over the course of the decade , more than 30 silent film studios were established , earning jacksonville the title of " winter film capital of the world " .
all green parts of a plant contain chloroplasts—the chloroplasts , or more specifically , the chlorophyll in them are what make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green .
after he died , his body was returned to mongolia and presumably to his birthplace in khentii aimag , where many assume he is buried somewhere close to the onon river and the burkhan khaldun mountain ( part of the kentii mountain range ) .
because of the failure to explain the deamination gradient as well as the numerous plant species that have been shown to have circular cpdna , the predominant theory continues to hold that most cpdna is circular and most likely replicates via a d loop mechanism .
while this effect is manifested macroscopically as a structural force , it is technically only the result of the existence of a finite set of electron states .
this combination of structures enables lobates to feed continuously on suspended planktonic prey .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
the increased solubility of o 2 at lower temperatures ( see physical properties ) has important implications for ocean life , as polar oceans support a much higher density of life due to their higher oxygen content .
newton proposed that every object with mass has an innate inertia that functions as the fundamental equilibrium " natural state " in place of the aristotelian idea of the " natural state of rest " .
analyzing a particular algorithm falls under the field of analysis of algorithms .
to avoid confusing or upsetting the people , luther avoided extreme change .
broadcaster and writer stuart maconie described newcastle as england 's best-looking city and the late german-born british scholar of architecture , nikolaus pevsner , describes grey street as one of the finest streets in england .
one of the principal advantages the rankine cycle holds over others is that during the compression stage relatively little work is required to drive the pump , the working fluid being in its liquid phase at this point .
defining the east as a negative vision of itself , as its inferior , not only increased the west ’ s sense of self , but also was a way of ordering the east and making it known to the west so that it could be dominated and controlled .
following the treaty , king george iii issued the royal proclamation of 1763 on october 7 , 1763 , which outlined the division and administration of the newly conquered territory , and to some extent continues to govern relations between the government of modern canada and the first nations .
it was not until the 1965–66 season that color became the dominant format for the three broadcast television networks .
some 5 million people may have lived in the amazon region in ad 1500 , divided between dense coastal settlements , such as that at marajó , and inland dwellers .
due to an fcc ban on same-market ownership of television and radio stations by a single company ( although the deal would have otherwise complied with new ownership rules implemented by the fcc in january 1985 , that allowed broadcasters to own a maximum of 12 television stations ) , abc and capital cities respectively decided to sell wxyz-tv and tampa independent station wfts-tv to the e. w. scripps company ( although capital cities/abc originally intended to seek a cross-ownership waiver to retain wxyz and capital cities-owned radio stations wjr and whyt ) .
additionally , steeper tax progressivity applied to social spending can result in a more equal distribution of income across the board .
many famous potters , such as josiah wedgwood , william de morgan and bernard leach as well as mintons & royal doulton are represented in the collection .
in 1066 , duke william ii of normandy conquered england killing king harold ii at the battle of hastings .
the second main legislative body is the council , which is composed of different ministers of the member states .
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden .
u.s. defense secretary robert gates called for establishing something similar to the defunct u.s. information agency , which was charged with undermining the communist ideology during the cold war .
on 1 february 2007 , the eve of the publication of ipcc 's major report on climate , a study was published suggesting that temperatures and sea levels have been rising at or above the maximum rates proposed during the last ipcc report in 2001. the study compared ipcc 2001 projections on temperature and sea level change with observations .
following the conservative victory in the 2015 uk election , standing orders of the house of commons were changed to give mps representing english constituencies a new " veto " over laws only affecting england .
newton 's laws and newtonian mechanics in general were first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects .
it was only the orbit of the planet mercury that newton 's law of gravitation seemed not to fully explain .
french huguenot explorer jean ribault charted the st. johns river in 1562 calling it the river of may because he discovered it in may .
ribonucleases and the rna interference pathway are conserved across all eukaryotes , and are thought to play a role in the immune response to viruses .
its saturn ib was allocated to the dual mission , now redesignated as-205/208 or as-258 , planned for august 1967. mcdivitt , scott and schweickart were promoted to the prime as-258 crew , and schirra , eisele and cunningham were reassigned as the apollo 1 backup crew .
oxygen is the oxidant , not the fuel , but nevertheless the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion .
this means , legislation can be blocked by a majority in parliament , a minority in the council , and a majority in the commission : it is harder to change eu law than stay the same .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
as the first intifada gathered momentum and palestinian shopkeepers closed their shops in support of the uprising , the brotherhood announced the formation of hamas ( " zeal " ) , devoted to jihad against israel .
during excavations at lake turkana in 1984 , paleoanthropologist richard leakey assisted by kamoya kimeu discovered the turkana boy , a 1.6-million-year-old fossil belonging to homo erectus .
photosystem ii and photosystem i contain light-harvesting complexes with chlorophyll and carotenoids that absorb light energy and use it to energize electrons .
even older rocks , such as the acasta gneiss of the slave craton in northwestern canada , the oldest known rock in the world have been metamorphosed to the point where their origin is undiscernable without laboratory analysis .
as the eck continued to count the votes , kibaki closed the gap and then overtook his opponent by a substantial margin after votes from his stronghold arrived later .
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower .
a problem is regarded as inherently difficult if its solution requires significant resources , whatever the algorithm used .
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits .
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population .
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) .
in the helical thylakoid model , grana consist of a stack of flattened circular granal thylakoids that resemble pancakes .
gatherings of thousands of people on the banks of the vistula on midsummer ’ s night for a festival called wianki ( polish for wreaths ) have become a tradition and a yearly event in the programme of cultural events in warsaw .
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting .
teachers in wales can be registered members of trade unions such as atl , nut or nasuwt and reports in recent years suggest that the average age of teachers in wales is falling with teachers being younger than in previous years .
the american broadcasting company ( abc ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) is an american commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the disney–abc television group , a subsidiary of disney media networks division of the walt disney company .
luther wrote " aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir " ( " from depths of woe i cry to you " ) in 1523 as a hymnic version of psalm 130 and sent it as a sample to encourage evangelical colleagues to write psalm-hymns for use in german worship .
in the 1890s , the university of chicago , fearful that its vast resources would injure smaller schools by drawing away good students , affiliated with several regional colleges and universities : des moines college , kalamazoo college , butler university , and stetson university .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
the report was criticized , however , for attaching too much weight to readings at arbitrarily selected locations , which in newcastle 's case included a motorway underpass without pedestrian access .
about the time of the first landing in 1969 , it was decided to use an existing saturn v to launch the skylab orbital laboratory pre-built on the ground , replacing the original plan to construct it in orbit from several saturn ib launches ; this eliminated apollo 20. nasa 's yearly budget also began to shrink in light of the successful landing , and nasa also had to make funds available for the development of the upcoming space shuttle .
in 1565 the spanish decided to enforce their claim to la florida , and sent pedro menéndez de avilés , who established the settlement of st. augustine near fort caroline .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
the success of this exhibition led to the planning of the festival of britain ( 1951 ) .
the san bernardino-riverside area maintains the business districts of downtown san bernardino , hospitality business/financial centre , university town which are in san bernardino and downtown riverside .
in the midst of these plans , von braun was transferred from the army to nasa , and made director of the marshall space flight center .
in some countries , formal education can take place through home schooling .
in 1952 , following pressure from tesla 's nephew , sava kosanović , tesla 's entire estate was shipped to belgrade in 80 trunks marked n.t .
based on tesla 's advice and westinghouse 's demonstration that they could build a complete ac system at the columbian exposition , a contract for building a two-phase ac generating system at the niagara falls was awarded to westinghouse electric .
the innate response is usually triggered when microbes are identified by pattern recognition receptors , which recognize components that are conserved among broad groups of microorganisms , or when damaged , injured or stressed cells send out alarm signals , many of which ( but not all ) are recognized by the same receptors as those that recognize pathogens .
it was first established in 1988 by two united nations organizations , the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) and the united nations environment programme ( unep ) , and later endorsed by the united nations general assembly through resolution 43/53 .
about 61.1 % of victorians describe themselves as christian .
it fostered the development of a standard version of the german language , added several principles to the art of translation , and influenced the writing of an english translation , the tyndale bible .
royal assent : after the bill has been passed , the presiding officer submits it to the monarch for royal assent and it becomes an act of the scottish parliament .
in 1968 during the cultural revolution , red guards destroyed almost everything of value .
meanwhile , grumman was also encountering problems with the lunar module , eliminating hopes it would be ready for manned flight in 1967 , not long after the first manned csm flights .
near the end of the battle the shah fled rather than surrender .
[ citation needed ] in the united states , in order for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid , it must be issued for a legitimate medical purpose by a licensed practitioner acting in the course of legitimate doctor-patient relationship .
the city 's speedway team newcastle diamonds are based at brough park in byker , a venue that is also home to greyhound racing .
these missions would also carry the lunar roving vehicle ( lrv ) increasing the exploration area and allowing televised liftoff of the lm .
any knot can be uniquely expressed as a connected sum of prime knots .
in many poor and developing countries much land and housing is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system .
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility .
he intended his vigorous , direct language to make the bible accessible to everyday germans , " for we are removing impediments and difficulties so that other people may read it without hindrance . "
sudbury model democratic schools claim that popularly based authority can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike .
stable and radioactive isotope studies provide insight into the geochemical evolution of rock units .
korean economist hoesung lee is the chair of the ipcc since october 8 , 2015 , following the election of the new ipcc bureau .
most work has been done on the spread of the plague in england , and even estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100 % as no census was undertaken between the time of publication of the domesday book and the year 1377. estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
the same principle , she argues , applies to breaches of law in protest against international organizations and foreign governments .
the v & a is located in the brompton district of the royal borough of kensington and chelsea , in an area that has become known as " albertopolis " because of its association with prince albert , the albert memorial and the major cultural institutions with which he was associated .
oxygen presents two spectrophotometric absorption bands peaking at the wavelengths 687 and 760 nm .
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion ( due to fermionic nature of electrons ) follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects .
some of the oldest schools in south africa are private church schools that were established by missionaries in the early nineteenth century .
the residential architecture of the tower district contrasts with the newer areas of tract homes urban sprawl in north and east areas of fresno .
for example , trial division is a deterministic algorithm because , if performed correctly , it will always identify a prime number as prime and a composite number as composite .
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere .
the green dining room 1866–68 was the work of philip webb and william morris , and displays elizabethan influences .
the saturn ib was an upgraded version of the saturn i. the s-ib first stage increased the thrust to 1,600,000 pounds-force ( 7,120 kn ) , and the second stage replaced the s-iv with the s-ivb-200 , powered by a single j-2 engine burning liquid hydrogen fuel with lox , to produce 200,000 lbf ( 890 kn ) of thrust .
throughout the history of education the most common form of school discipline was corporal punishment .
[ note 6 ] in 1978 a disco version of the theme was released in the uk , denmark and australia by the group mankind , which reached number 24 in the uk charts .
all um churches must have a board of trustees with at least three members and no more than nine members and it is recommended that no gender should hold more than a 2/3 majority .
in 2006 , unicef estimated that up to 30 % of girls in the coastal areas of malindi , mombasa , kilifi , and diani were subject to prostitution .
this makes the bounds independent of the specific details of the computational model used .
the last prime minister of the ( east ) german democratic republic , lothar de maizière , is also a descendant of a huguenot family , as is the german federal minister of the interior , thomas de maizière .
the two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in english-speaking countries are the mortar and pestle and the ℞ ( recipere ) character , which is often written as " rx " in typed text .
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " .
then after an incompletion , thomas davis tackled anderson for a 1-yard gain on third down , forcing denver to settle for a 3–0 lead on a brandon mcmanus 34-yard field goal .
to the east is the colorado desert and the colorado river at the border with arizona , and the mojave desert at the border with the state of nevada .
according to kuznets , countries with low levels of development have relatively equal distributions of wealth .
moreover , warsaw was ranked as the 7th greatest emerging market .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
they purchased from john pell , lord of pelham manor , a tract of land consisting of six thousand one hundred acres with the help of jacob leisler .
the neighborhood lies southwest of the 99 freeway ( which divides it from downtown fresno ) , west of the 41 freeway and south of nielsen ave ( or the newly constructed 180 freeway ) , and extends to the city limits to the west and south .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
the total number of seats in the parliament are allocated to parties proportionally to the number of votes received in the second vote of the ballot using the d'hondt method .
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz .
in response to american aid to israel , on october 16 , 1973 , opec raised the posted price of oil by 70 % , to $ 5.11 a barrel .
the muslims in the semu class also revolted against the yuan dynasty in the ispah rebellion but the rebellion was crushed and the muslims were massacred by the yuan loyalist commander chen youding .
in 1950 , noble appointed robert kintner to be abc 's president while he himself served as its ceo , a position he would hold until his death in 1958. despite the promise of non-interference between abc and upt , goldenson had to intervene in abc 's decisions because of financial problems and the fcc 's long period of indecision .
according to international monetary fund economists , inequality in wealth and income is negatively correlated with the duration of economic growth spells ( not the rate of growth ) .
however the diatom endosymbiont ca n't store its own food—its starch is found in granules in the dinophyte host 's cytoplasm instead .
he lit electric lamps wirelessly at both locations , demonstrating the potential of wireless power transmission .
the aare more than doubles the rhine 's water discharge , to an average of nearly 1,000 m3/s ( 35,000 cu ft/s ) , and provides more than a fifth of the discharge at the dutch border .
[ citation needed ] on november 28 , 1995 , bill clinton signed the national highway designation act , ending the federal 55 mph ( 89 km/h ) speed limit , allowing states to restore their prior maximum speed limit .
tesla advised adams that a two-phased system would be the most reliable and that there was a westinghouse system to light incandescent bulbs using two-phase alternating current .
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army .
in the course of the polish-bolshevik war of 1920 , the huge battle of warsaw was fought on the eastern outskirts of the city in which the capital was successfully defended and the red army defeated .
for example , while diatoms ( a heterokontophyte ) now have a red algal derived chloroplast , the presence of many green algal genes in the diatom nucleus provide evidence that the diatom ancestor ( probably the ancestor of all chromalveolates too ) had a green algal derived chloroplast at some point , which was subsequently replaced by the red chloroplast .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
one of the tangut generals challenged the mongols to a battle near helan mountains but was defeated .
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 .
temperature extremes recorded at newcastle weather centre include 32.5 °c ( 90.5 °f ) during august 1990 down to −12.6 °c ( 9.3 °f ) during january 1982. in contrast to other areas influenced by the gulf stream , such as inland scandinavia , newcastle has milder winters and cooler summers , similar to the remainder of the british isles .
effects of inequality researchers have found include higher rates of health and social problems , and lower rates of social goods , a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted on high-end consumption , and even a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption .
from the death of augustus in ad 14 until after ad 70 , rome accepted as her germanic frontier the water-boundary of the rhine and upper danube .
the term " imperialism " was originally introduced into english in its present sense in the late 1870s by opponents of the allegedly aggressive and ostentatious imperial policies of british prime minister benjamin disraeli .
other scholars argue that , even if his views were merely anti-judaic—that is , opposed to judaism and its adherence rather than the jews as an ethnic group—their violence lent a new element to the standard christian suspicion of judaism .
from 1965 to 1991 the books published were primarily novelised adaptations of broadcast episodes ; beginning in 1991 an extensive line of original fiction was launched , the virgin new adventures and virgin missing adventures .
a conservative force that acts on a closed system has an associated mechanical work that allows energy to convert only between kinetic or potential forms .
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) .
members of the lobate genera bathocyroe and ocyropsis can escape from danger by clapping their lobes , so that the jet of expelled water drives them backwards very quickly .
:116 thus it can be said that imperialism includes some form of colonialism , but colonialism itself does not automatically imply imperialism , as it lacks a political focus .
among other things , this has also resulted in 30 different examination boards or academic authorities that conduct examinations for school leaving certificates .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
in may 2006 , the irish broadcaster setanta sports was awarded two of the six premier league packages that the english fa offered to broadcasters .
frontex , the european union agency for external border security , has its headquarters in warsaw .
approximately 1,000 british soldiers were killed or injured .
kublai 's government after 1262 was a compromise between preserving mongol interests in china and satisfying the demands of his chinese subjects .
after continued turmoil , a university committee in 1967 issued what became known as the kalven report .
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped .
the apollo program , also known as project apollo , was the third united states human spaceflight program carried out by the national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , which accomplished landing the first humans on the moon from 1969 to 1972. first conceived during dwight d. eisenhower 's administration as a three-man spacecraft to follow the one-man project mercury which put the first americans in space , apollo was later dedicated to president john f. kennedy 's national goal of " landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth " by the end of the 1960s , which he proposed in a may 25 , 1961 , address to congress .
islamism , also known as political islam ( arabic : إسلام سياسي‎ islām siyāsī ) , is an islamic revival movement often characterized by moral conservatism , literalism , and the attempt " to implement islamic values in all spheres of life . "
there are two known species , with worldwide distribution in warm , and warm-temperate waters : cestum veneris ( " venus ' girdle " ) is among the largest ctenophores – up to 1.5 meters ( 4.9 ft ) long , and can undulate slowly or quite rapidly .
luther 's writings circulated widely , reaching france , england , and italy as early as 1519. students thronged to wittenberg to hear luther speak .
because the csm design was started early before the selection of lunar orbit rendezvous , the service propulsion engine was sized to lift the csm off of the moon , and thus was oversized to about twice the thrust required for translunar flight .
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network .
there are approximately 22,000 objects in the collection that cover the period from about 400 ad to 1914. this covers among other periods byzantine and anglo saxon ivory sculptures , british , french and spanish medieval statues and carvings , the renaissance , baroque , neo-classical , victorian and art nouveau periods .
significant huguenot settlements were in dublin , cork , portarlington , lisburn , waterford and youghal .
the soviet union and the people ’ s republic of china supported post–world war ii communist movements in foreign nations and colonies to advance their own interests , but were not always successful .
the british empire was the largest empire that the world has ever seen both in terms of landmass and population .
possible missions included ferrying crews to a space station , circumlunar flights , and eventual manned lunar landings .
in 1998 , the metropolitan police authority filed an objection to the trade mark claim ; but in 2002 , the patent office ruled in favour of the bbc .
zhèng ( chinese : 正 ) meaning " right " , " just " , or " true " , would have received the mongolian adjectival modifier -s , creating " jenggis " , which in medieval romanization would be written " genghis " .
key selling points were the improvement in picture and sound quality , increased number of channels and an interactive service branded open ... . now called sky active , bskyb competed with the ondigital ( later itv digital ) terrestrial offering and cable services .
the meeting report states there were 322 persons in attendance at sessions with about seven-eighths of participants being from governmental organizations .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
in 1870 , tesla moved to karlovac , to attend school at the higher real gymnasium , where he was profoundly influenced by a math teacher martin sekulić .
french regular army reinforcements arrived in new france in may 1756 , led by major general louis-joseph de montcalm and seconded by the chevalier de lévis and colonel françois-charles de bourlamaque , all experienced veterans from the war of the austrian succession .
some broadcasts are free-to-air and unencrypted , some are encrypted but do not require a monthly subscription ( known as free-to-view ) , some are encrypted and require a monthly subscription , and some are pay-per-view services .
in 1938 , the fcc began a series of investigations into the practices of radio networks and published its report on the broadcasting of network radio programs in 1940. the report recommended that rca give up control of either nbc red or nbc blue .
abercrombie saved something from the disaster when he sent john bradstreet on an expedition that successfully destroyed fort frontenac , including caches of supplies destined for new france 's western forts and furs destined for europe .
( the name of the theater refers to a well-known landmark water tower , which is actually in another nearby area ) .
the tallest building in downtown jacksonville 's skyline is the bank of america tower , constructed in 1990 as the barnett center .
amazonian evergreen forests account for about 10 % of the world 's terrestrial primary productivity and 10 % of the carbon stores in ecosystems—of the order of 1.1 × 1011 metric tonnes of carbon .
for certain physical scenarios , it is impossible to model forces as being due to gradient of potentials .
ronald berger writes that luther is credited with " germanizing the christian critique of judaism and establishing anti-semitism as a key element of german culture and national identity . "
their presence , combined with a perceived british policy of allowing them free rein , heightened by exposés such as the 2007 channel 4 documentary programme undercover mosque , has given rise to the term londonistan .
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) .
under the terms of the scotland act 1978 , an elected assembly would be set up in edinburgh provided that the majority of the scottish electorate voted for it in a referendum to be held on 1 march 1979 that represented at least 40 % of the total electorate .
often a second , additional meaning is intended by using the word prime , namely that any object can be , essentially uniquely , decomposed into its prime components .
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event .
oxygen is more soluble in water than nitrogen is .
with its benches , flower carpets , a pond with ducks on and a playground for kids , the krasiński palace garden is a popular strolling destination for the varsovians .
many of the series featured during the run of the block were produced by miller-boyett productions , a warner bros.-based studio that briefly programmed the entire friday lineup during the 1990–91 season ( with going places joining family matters , full house and perfect strangers on the " tgif " schedule ) and through its development deal with paramount television prior to 1986 ( as miller-milkis , and later , miller-milkis-boyett productions ) , had earlier produced happy days and its various spinoffs among other series for the network .
itv tyne tees was based at city road for over 40 years after its launch in january 1959. in 2005 it moved to a new facility on the watermark business park next to the metrocentre in gateshead .
a method to lessen the magnitude of this heating and cooling was invented in 1804 by british engineer arthur woolf , who patented his woolf high-pressure compound engine in 1805. in the compound engine , high-pressure steam from the boiler expands in a high-pressure ( hp ) cylinder and then enters one or more subsequent lower-pressure ( lp ) cylinders .
after the statement has been delivered , the leaders of the opposition parties and other msps question the first minister on issues related to the substance of the statement .
a wide selection of serials are available from bbc video on dvd , on sale in the united kingdom , australia , canada and the united states .
statements from the presiding officer and the member in charge of the bill are also lodged indicating whether the bill is within the legislative competence of the parliament .
as a result of his role in the inquiry , isiah bowman would come to be known as wilson 's geographer .
in 1977 , roone arledge was named president of the new abc news in addition to being president of abc sports .
between about ad 14 and 180 , the assignment of legions was as follows : for the army of germania inferior , two legions at vetera ( xanten ) , i germanica and xx valeria ( pannonian troops ) ; two legions at oppidum ubiorum ( " town of the ubii " ) , which was renamed to colonia agrippina , descending to cologne , v alaudae , a celtic legion recruited from gallia narbonensis and xxi , possibly a galatian legion from the other side of the empire .
the outcome of most votes can be predicted beforehand since political parties normally instruct members which way to vote .
john wesley warned against the dangers of drinking in his famous sermon , " the use of money , " and in his letter to an alcoholic .
casimir pulaski , a polish general and hero of the american revolutionary war , was born here in 1745 .
when finally edward the confessor returned from his father 's refuge in 1041 , at the invitation of his half-brother harthacnut , he brought with him a norman-educated mind .
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) .
however , this vision was shattered in the 1970s , when it was publicly announced that prime numbers could be used as the basis for the creation of public key cryptography algorithms .
the popular neighborhood known as the tower district is centered around the historic tower theatre , which is included on the national list of historic places .
thus , the straight line path in space-time is seen as a curved line in space , and it is called the ballistic trajectory of the object .
the best-known legend , by artur oppman , is that long ago two of triton 's daughters set out on a journey through the depths of the oceans and seas .
in england , it was not until 1823 that the medieval epidemic was first called the black death .
in this last connection , the name could suggest the derogatory inference of superstitious worship ; popular fancy held that huguon , the gate of king hugo , was haunted by the ghost of le roi huguet ( regarded by roman catholics as an infamous scoundrel ) and other spirits , who instead of being in purgatory came back to harm the living at night .
most of the mass of living organisms is oxygen as it is a part of water , the major constituent of lifeforms .
in the case of spacesuits , the o 2 partial pressure in the breathing gas is , in general , about 30 kpa ( 1.4 times normal ) , and the resulting o 2 partial pressure in the astronaut 's arterial blood is only marginally more than normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure ( for more information on this , see space suit and arterial blood gas ) .
liquid oxygen may also be produced by condensation out of air , using liquid nitrogen as a coolant .
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney .
on september 30 , 1960 , abc premiered the flintstones , another example of counterprogramming ; although the animated series from william hanna and joseph barbera was filmed in color from the beginning , it was initially broadcast in black-and-white , as abc had not made the necessary technical upgrades to broadcast its programming in color at the time .
light bulbs within 100 feet of the lab glowed even when turned off .
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto .
this decreed that it would be occupied by the allies , until 1935 and after that , it would be a demilitarised zone , with the german army forbidden to enter .
that year , roone arledge was named president of abc sports ; the company also founded abc pictures , a film production company which released its first picture that year , the ralph nelson-directed charly .
to celebrate the 40th anniversary in 2003 , an audio drama titled zagreus featuring paul mcgann , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and peter davison was released with additional archive recordings of jon pertwee .
the nickname may have been a combined reference to the swiss politician besançon hugues ( died 1532 ) and the religiously conflicted nature of swiss republicanism in his time , using a clever derogatory pun on the name hugues by way of the dutch word huisgenoten ( literally housemates ) , referring to the connotations of a somewhat related word in german eidgenosse ( confederates as in " a citizen of one of the states of the swiss confederacy " ) .
even priesthood representatives are expected to defer to the father of the house when in his home .
in 2005 the factory was sold to avtozaz , a ukrainian car manufacturer which assembled there the chevrolet aveo .
the museum owns the world 's largest collection of post-classical sculpture , with the holdings of italian renaissance items being the largest outside italy .
william of apulia tells that , in 1016 , norman pilgrims to the shrine of the archangel michael at monte gargano were met by melus of bari , a lombard nobleman and rebel , who persuaded them to return with more warriors to help throw off the byzantine rule , which they did .
macrophages are versatile cells that reside within tissues and produce a wide array of chemicals including enzymes , complement proteins , and regulatory factors such as interleukin 1. macrophages also act as scavengers , ridding the body of worn-out cells and other debris , and as antigen-presenting cells that activate the adaptive immune system .
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water .
prior to october 2005 , three bskyb channels were available on this platform : sky news , sky three , and sky sports news .
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) .
following the initial success of these series , abc revamped its friday night schedule around family-friendly comedies in the late 1980s , culminating in the 1989 debut of the " tgif " block ( which promotions referenced stood for " thank goodness it 's funny " ) .
there are three private schools ( including the secondary school , st dominic 's college ) operated by the catholic schismatic group , the society of st pius x in wanganui .
central business districts ( cbd ) include downtown los angeles , downtown san diego , downtown san bernardino , downtown bakersfield , south coast metro and downtown riverside .
within southern california are two major cities , los angeles and san diego , as well as three of the country 's largest metropolitan areas .
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
designers and artists whose work is on display in the galleries include gian lorenzo bernini , grinling gibbons , daniel marot , louis laguerre , antonio verrio , sir james thornhill , william kent , robert adam , josiah wedgwood , matthew boulton , canova , thomas chippendale , pugin , william morris .
the prince of płock , bolesław ii of masovia , established this settlement , the modern-day warsaw , in about 1300. in the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the dukes of masovia , becoming the official capital of masovian duchy in 1413 .
also , some civil disobedients seek to use the arrest as an opportunity to make an impression on the officers .
germanic tribes crossed the rhine in the migration period , by the 5th century establishing the kingdoms of francia on the lower rhine , burgundy on the upper rhine and alemannia on the high rhine .
daniel burke departed from capital cities/abc in february 1994 , with thomas murphy taking over as president before ceding control to robert iger .
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . "
however , even in this case , bskyb does not carry any control over the channel 's content or carriage issues such as picture quality .
to classify the computation time ( or similar resources , such as space consumption ) , one is interested in proving upper and lower bounds on the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem .
the meaning of imperialism is to create an empire , by conquering the other state 's lands and therefore increasing its own dominance .
on may 1 , 1953 , abc 's new york city flagship stations – wjz , wjz-fm and wjz-tv – changed their respective callsigns to wabc , wabc-fm and wabc-tv , and moved their operations to facilities at 7 west 66th street , one block away from central park .
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden .
however , mullett suggests that given his nature , " we are free to believe that luther would tend to select the more dramatic form of words . "
the principle of proportionality is also recognised in article 5 of the ec treaty , stating that " any action by the community shall not go beyond what is necessary to achieve the objectives of this treaty " .
the port developed in the 16th century and , along with the shipyards lower down the river tyne , was amongst the world 's largest shipbuilding and ship-repairing centres .
it supports research on stem cells retrieved from umbilical cords and adult stem cells , stating that there are " few moral questions " raised by this issue .
when corliss was given the rumford medal the committee said that " no one invention since watt 's time has so enhanced the efficiency of the steam engine " .
some scientists argue that the rainforest was reduced to small , isolated refugia separated by open forest and grassland ; other scientists argue that the rainforest remained largely intact but extended less far to the north , south , and east than is seen today .
the victory was made complete in 1760 when , despite losing outside quebec city in the battle of sainte-foy , the british were able to prevent the arrival of french relief ships in the naval battle of the restigouche while armies marched on montreal from three sides .
although grumman wanted a second unmanned test , george low decided the next lm flight would be manned .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
economist joseph stiglitz presented evidence in 2009 that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand .
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible .
among the few bright spots during this season were the midseason crime dramedy castle as well as the success of two family sitcoms that anchored the network 's revamped wednesday comedy lineup , the middle and modern family , the latter of which was both a critical and commercial success .
lead fusible plugs may be present in the crown of the boiler 's firebox .
the warsaw stock exchange is one of the largest and most important in central and eastern europe .
jacques legardeur de saint-pierre , who succeeded marin as commander of the french forces after the latter died on october 29 , invited washington to dine with him .
its views were outlined in a pamphlet written by muhammad abd al-salaam farag , in which he states :
in all other rows ( a = 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 7 , and 8 ) there are infinitely many prime numbers .
westinghouse also hired tesla for one year for the large fee of $ 2,000 ( $ 52,700 in today 's dollars ) per month to be a consultant at the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company 's pittsburgh labs .
tesla made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-world war i environment in a printed article , " science and discovery are the great forces which will lead to the consummation of the war " ( 20 december 1914 ) .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
under the scotland act 1998 , ordinary general elections for the scottish parliament are held on the first thursday in may every four years ( 1999 , 2003 , 2007 and so on ) .
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier .
but many ht members have gone on to join terrorist groups and many jihadi terrorists have cited ht as their key influence .
they trained and conducted tests of their spacecraft at north american , and in the altitude chamber at the kennedy space center .
after spain ceded the florida territory to the united states in 1821 , american settlers on the north side of the cow ford decided to plan a town , laying out the streets and plats .
disorders of the immune system can result in autoimmune diseases , inflammatory diseases and cancer .
there are many bars on the bigg market , and other popular areas for nightlife are collingwood street , popularly referred to as the 'diamond strip ' due to its concentration of high-end bars , neville street , the central station area and osborne road in the jesmond area of the city .
climate fluctuations during the last 34 million years have allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics .
it allegedly attempted and failed such coups in 1968 and 1969 in jordan , and in 1974 in egypt , and is now banned in both countries .
adaptive ( or acquired ) immunity creates immunological memory after an initial response to a specific pathogen , leading to an enhanced response to subsequent encounters with that same pathogen .
vaginal secretions serve as a chemical barrier following menarche , when they become slightly acidic , while semen contains defensins and zinc to kill pathogens .
the system is currently undergoing a period of refurbishment and modernization , entitled 'metro : all change . '
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
a decade after the 1973 oil crisis , honda , toyota and nissan , affected by the 1981 voluntary export restraints , opened us assembly plants and established their luxury divisions ( acura , lexus and infiniti , respectively ) to distinguish themselves from their mass-market brands .
the v & a is in discussion with the university of dundee , university of abertay , dundee city council and the scottish government with a view to opening a new £43 million gallery in dundee that would use the v & a brand although it would be funded through and operated independently .
the history of the steam engine stretches back as far as the first century ad ; the first recorded rudimentary steam engine being the aeolipile described by greek mathematician hero of alexandria .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
the apollo program , also known as project apollo , was the third united states human spaceflight program carried out by the national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , which accomplished landing the first humans on the moon from 1969 to 1972. first conceived during dwight d. eisenhower 's administration as a three-man spacecraft to follow the one-man project mercury which put the first americans in space , apollo was later dedicated to president john f. kennedy 's national goal of " landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth " by the end of the 1960s , which he proposed in a may 25 , 1961 , address to congress .
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times .
a different arrangement was recorded by peter howell for season 18 ( 1980 ) , which was in turn replaced by dominic glynn 's arrangement for the season-long serial the trial of a time lord in season 23 ( 1986 ) .
the british superintendent for indian affairs in the new york region and beyond , johnson was known to the iroquois as warraghiggey , meaning " he who does great things . "
however , the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... diverges ( i.e. , exceeds any given number ) , so there must be infinitely many primes .
in immunology , self molecules are those components of an organism 's body that can be distinguished from foreign substances by the immune system .
this early part of luther 's career was one of his most creative and productive .
likewise the tower above the main entrance has an open work crown surmounted by a statue of fame , a feature of late gothic architecture and a feature common in scotland , but the detail is classical .
in particular , it is known that gandhi would often quote shelley 's masque of anarchy to vast audiences during the campaign for a free india .
the three most important aspects of teacher enthusiasm are enthusiasm about teaching , enthusiasm about the students , and enthusiasm about the subject matter .
it is expected that the continuous input of sediment into the lake will silt up the lake .
northumbria university was voted 'best new university ' by the times good university guide 2005 and also won a much coveted company award of the " most it enabled organisation " ( in the uk ) , by the it industry magazine computing .
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir .
in 2004 , declassified documents revealed that the u.s. was so distraught by the rise in oil prices and being challenged by under-developed countries that they briefly considered military action to forcibly seize middle eastern oilfields in late 1973. although no explicit plan was mentioned , a conversation between u.s. secretary of defense james schlesinger and british ambassador to the united states lord cromer revealed schlesinger had told him that " it was no longer obvious to him that the u.s. could not use force . "
the islamist groups like hezbollah in lebanon and hamas in palestine participate in democratic and political process as well as armed attacks , seeking to abolish the state of israel .
in 1523 , luther advised kindness toward the jews in that jesus christ was born a jew and also aimed to convert them to christianity .
after several months of negotiations , the government of the duke of newcastle decided to send an army expedition the following year to dislodge the french .
in some cases the heat source is a nuclear reactor , geothermal energy , solar energy or waste heat from an internal combustion engine or industrial process .
han chinese were moved to central asian areas like besh baliq , almaliq , and samarqand by the mongols where they worked as artisans and farmers .
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
the sarah jane adventures , starring elisabeth sladen who reprised her role as investigative journalist sarah jane smith , was developed by cbbc ; a special aired on new year 's day 2007 and a full series began on 24 september 2007. a second series followed in 2008 , notable for ( as noted above ) featuring the return of brigadier lethbridge-stewart .
from 2000 to 2007 it killed 542 people in 140 suicide bombing or " martyrdom operations " .
they even lent their ethnicity to the name of their castle : afranji , meaning " franks . "
in some groups , such as the flat , bottom-dwelling platyctenids , the juveniles behave more like true larvae , as they live among the plankton and thus occupy a different ecological niche from their parents and attain the adult form by a more radical metamorphosis , after dropping to the sea-floor .
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s .
austpac was an australian public x.25 network operated by telstra .
the common allotrope of elemental oxygen on earth is called dioxygen , o 2. it is the form that is a major part of the earth 's atmosphere ( see occurrence ) .
fossils found in kenya suggest that primates roamed the area more than 20 million years ago .
it is currently the fastest growing sector of the pharmaceutical industry with 19 of 28 newly fda approved medications in 2013 being specialty drugs .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region .
in july 1960 , nasa deputy administrator hugh l. dryden announced the apollo program to industry representatives at a series of space task group conferences .
a problem x is hard for a class of problems c if every problem in c can be reduced to x. thus no problem in c is harder than x , since an algorithm for x allows us to solve any problem in c. of course , the notion of hard problems depends on the type of reduction being used .
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species .
teaching certification generally lasts three years , but teachers can receive certificates that last as long as ten years .
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular .
in 1968 , abc took advantage of new fcc ownership regulations that allowed broadcasting companies to own a maximum of seven radio stations nationwide in order to purchase houston radio stations kxyz and kxyz-fm for $ 1 million in shares and $ 1.5 million in bonds .
in the first half of the 17th century , a plague claimed some 1.7 million victims in italy , or about 14 % of the population .
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt .
in the lungs , coughing and sneezing mechanically eject pathogens and other irritants from the respiratory tract .
the most commonly used reduction is a polynomial-time reduction .
in most provinces a second bachelor 's degree such as a bachelor of education is required to become a qualified teacher .
the jawaharlal nehru gallery of indian art , opened in 1991 , contains art from about 500 bc to the 19th century .
this has traditionally been called the " third use of the law . "
for the third straight season , the number one seeds from both conferences met in the super bowl .
an oscillating cylinder steam engine is a variant of the simple expansion steam engine which does not require valves to direct steam into and out of the cylinder .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
the entrance to studio 5 at the city road complex gave its name to the 1980s music television programme , the tube .
he was baptized as a catholic the next morning on the feast day of st. martin of tours .
on 27 january 2014 , microsoft announced " that skydrive will soon become onedrive " and " skydrive pro " becomes " onedrive for business " .
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
apollo 8 was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body , while the final apollo 17 mission marked the sixth moon landing and the ninth manned mission beyond low earth orbit .
new forms include partnering such as public-private partnering ( ppps ) aka private finance initiatives ( pfis ) and alliances such as " pure " or " project " alliances and " impure " or " strategic " alliances .
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor .
in 2008 , the university of chicago announced plans to establish the milton friedman institute which attracted both support and controversy from faculty members and students .
shark tank ( based on the dragon 's den reality format ) also became a midseason sleeper hit on sundays in the spring of 2010 ; the following season , it became the tentpole of the network 's friday night schedule , gradually helping make abc a strong competitor ( after being paired with 20/20 and beginning with the 2012–13 season , the tim allen sitcom last man standing ) against cbs ' long-dominant drama/reality lineup on that night for the first time since the " tgif " lineup ended in 2000 .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
he also noted that the tin had increased in weight and that increase was the same as the weight of the air that rushed back in .
the special was one of several special 3d programmes the bbc produced at the time , using a 3d system that made use of the pulfrich effect requiring glasses with one darkened lens ; the picture would look normal to those viewers who watched without the glasses .
roman catholic theology stated that faith alone , whether fiduciary or dogmatic , can not justify man ; justification rather depends only on such faith as is active in charity and good works ( fides caritate formata ) .
they are named for their resemblance to neuronal dendrites , as both have many spine-like projections , but dendritic cells are in no way connected to the nervous system .
tymnet was an international data communications network headquartered in san jose , ca that utilized virtual call packet switched technology and used x.25 , sna/sdlc , bsc and ascii interfaces to connect host computers ( servers ) at thousands of large companies , educational institutions , and government agencies .
they trained and conducted tests of their spacecraft at north american , and in the altitude chamber at the kennedy space center .
it is often found in the chloroplasts of c4 plants , though it has also been found in some c3 angiosperms , and even some gymnosperms .
it has bachelor 's degree programs in visual arts , music , and art history , and , more recently , cinema & media studies ( 1996 ) and theater & performance studies ( 2002 ) .
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality .
the force , therefore , is related directly to the difference in potential energy between two different locations in space , and can be considered to be an artifact of the potential field in the same way that the direction and amount of a flow of water can be considered to be an artifact of the contour map of the elevation of an area .
one of them decided to stay on the coast of denmark and can be seen sitting at the entrance to the port of copenhagen .
the espn deportes spanish broadcast was made available through watchespn .
on his 50th birthday in 1906 , tesla demonstrated his 200 horsepower ( 150 kilowatts ) 16,000 rpm bladeless turbine .
other geordie words with anglo-saxon origins include : " larn " ( from the anglo-saxon " laeran " , meaning " teach " ) , " burn " ( " stream " ) and " gan " ( " go " ) .
in 1466 , perhaps 40,000 people died of the plague in paris .
each year , enr compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies .
this is because , with informal rule , the control is spread more subtly through technological superiority , enforcing land officials into large debts that can not be repaid , ownership of private industries thus expanding the controlled area , or having countries agree to uneven trade agreements forcefully .
of particular concern with internet pharmacies is the ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship .
while eliot was the most crucial figure in the secularization of american higher education , he was motivated not by a desire to secularize education , but by transcendentalist unitarian convictions .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
it is surrounded by the last of the ancient churchyards to retain its original character .
this involves publishing default emission factors , which are factors used to derive emissions estimates based on the levels of fuel consumption , industrial production and so on .
otherwise , the physician has a financial self-interest in " diagnosing " as many conditions as possible , and in exaggerating their seriousness , because he or she can then sell more medications to the patient .
the other major category is " interventive " conservation , this includes : cleaning and reintegration to strengthen fragile objects , reveal original surface decoration , and restore shape .
deformational events are often also associated with volcanism and igneous activity .
typically each committee corresponds with one ( or more ) of the departments ( or ministries ) of the scottish government .
dane was killed in a horse-riding accident when nikola was five .
the teacher may interact with students of different ages , from infants to adults , students with different abilities and students with learning disabilities .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds .
the 1971 film get carter was shot on location in and around newcastle and offers an opportunity to see what newcastle looked like in the 1960s and early 1970s .
with over 600,000 drawings , over 750,000 papers and paraphernalia , and over 700,000 photographs from around the world , together they form the world 's most comprehensive architectural resource .
in marleasing sa v la comercial sa the court of justice held that a spanish court had to interpret its general civil code provisions , on contracts lacking cause or defrauding creditors , to conform with the first company law directive article 11 , that required incorporations would only be nullified for a fixed list of reasons .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population .
leukocytes ( white blood cells ) act like independent , single-celled organisms and are the second arm of the innate immune system .
[ citation needed ] it was around this time that jelme and bo'orchu , two of genghis khan 's future generals , joined forces with him .
the world population as a whole did not recover to pre-plague levels until the 17th century .
although building construction projects typically include various common elements , such as design , financial , estimating and legal considerations , many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results , such as structural collapse , cost overruns , and/or litigation .
edward john noble , the owner of life savers candy , drugstore chain rexall and new york city radio station wmca , purchased the network for $ 8 million .
such cities , which have over 100,000 people or these , where already was president before 1990. the first warsaw president was jan andrzej menich ( 1695–1696 ) .
the northern pride festival and parade is held in leazes park and in the city 's gay community in mid july .
a study by the american association of university women reported that 9.6 % of students in the united states claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education ; be they a volunteer , bus driver , teacher , administrator or other adult ; sometime during their educational career .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
other predecessors of the reformed church included the pro-reform and gallican roman catholics , such as jacques lefevre ( c. 1455–1536 ) .
he came back to lahore in 1908. while dividing his time between law practice and philosophical poetry , iqbal had remained active in the muslim league .
in the north eastern part of fresno , woodward park was founded by the late ralph woodward , a long-time fresno resident .
in early 2009 , disney–abc television group merged abc entertainment and abc studios into a new division , abc entertainment group , which would be responsible for both its production and broadcasting operations .
kenya 's inclusion among the beneficiaries of the us government 's african growth and opportunity act ( agoa ) has given a boost to manufacturing in recent years .
he was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the black death for the second edition in 1908 , implicating rats and fleas in the process , and his interpretation was widely accepted for other ancient and medieval epidemics , such as the justinian plague that was prevalent in the eastern roman empire from 541 to 700 ce .
this fragmentation was decisive in khwarezmia 's defeats , as it allowed the mongols , although exhausted from the long journey , to immediately set about defeating small fractions of the khwarzemi forces instead of facing a unified defense .
yet if tetzel overstated the matter in regard to indulgences for the dead , his teaching on indulgences for the living was in line with catholic dogma of the time .
in their reporting on the top 400 , they used data on transportation , sewer , hazardous waste and water to rank firms as heavy contractors .
after an unmanned lm test flight as-206 , a crew would fly the first block ii csm and lm in a dual mission known as as-207/208 , or as-278 ( each spacecraft would be launched on a separate saturn ib . )
it is here that the rhine encounters some more of its main tributaries , such as the neckar , the main and , later , the moselle , which contributes an average discharge of more than 300 m3/s ( 11,000 cu ft/s ) .
most work has been done on the spread of the plague in england , and even estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100 % as no census was undertaken between the time of publication of the domesday book and the year 1377. estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
legally , the central bridge is the boundary between high and upper rhine .
in 1965 , the corporate entity , american broadcasting-paramount theatres , was renamed as the american broadcasting companies , while its cinema division became abc theatres ; [ citation needed ] its recording division was renamed abc records in 1966. in december of that year , the abc television network premiered the dating game , a pioneer series in its genre , which was a reworking of the blind date concept in which a suitor selected one of three contestants sight unseen based on the answers to selected questions .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
terra preta ( black earth ) , which is distributed over large areas in the amazon forest , is now widely accepted as a product of indigenous soil management .
teaching in scotland is an all graduate profession and the normal route for graduates wishing to teach is to complete a programme of initial teacher education ( ite ) at one of the seven scottish universities who offer these courses .
more recently the uk supreme court noted that in r ( hs2 action alliance ltd ) v secretary of state for transport , although the uk constitution is uncodified , there could be " fundamental principles " of common law , and parliament " did not either contemplate or authorise the abrogation " of those principles when it enacted the european communities act 1972. the view of the german constitutional court from the solange i and solange ii decisions is that if the eu does not comply with its basic constitutional rights and principles ( particularly democracy , the rule of law and the social state principles ) then it can not override german law .
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
other institutions for higher education include the medical university of warsaw , the largest medical school in poland and one of the most prestigious , the national defence university , highest military academic institution in poland , the fryderyk chopin university of music the oldest and largest music school in poland , and one of the largest in europe , the warsaw school of economics , the oldest and most renowned economic university in the country , and the warsaw university of life sciences the largest agricultural university founded in 1818 .
the main windows to the galleries are also mullioned and transomed , again a gothic feature , the top row of windows are interspersed with statues of many of the british artists whose work is displayed in the museum .
by the time of the french and indian war ( the north american front of the seven years ' war ) , a sizeable population of huguenot descent lived in the british colonies , and many participated in the british defeat of new france in 1759-60 .
abc has also aired the miss america pageant from 1954 to 1956 , 1997 to 2005 ( with the television rights being assumed by cable channel tlc in 2006 , when the pageant moved from its longtime homebase in atlantic city to las vegas , before returning to atlantic city in 2013 ) and since 2011. under its current contract with the miss america organization , abc will continue to broadcast the pageant through 2016 .
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega .
he called it packet switching , a more accessible name than baran 's , and proposed to build a nationwide network in the uk .
the delay in the csm caused by the fire enabled nasa to catch up on man-rating the lm and saturn v. apollo 4 ( as-501 ) was the first unmanned flight of the saturn v , carrying a block i csm on november 9 , 1967. the capability of the command module 's heat shield to survive a trans-lunar reentry was demonstrated by using the service module engine to ram it into the atmosphere at higher than the usual earth-orbital reentry speed .
they store co2 in a four-carbon compound , which is why the process is called c4 photosynthesis .
to the north , the mi'kmaq and the abenaki were engaged in father le loutre 's war and still held sway in parts of nova scotia , acadia , and the eastern portions of the province of canada , as well as much of present-day maine .
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek .
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch .
in the august 1917 edition of the magazine electrical experimenter tesla postulated that electricity could be used to locate submarines via using the reflection of an " electric ray " of " tremendous frequency , " with the signal being viewed on a fluorescent screen ( a system that has been noted to have a superficial resemblance to modern radar ) .
analysis of a silicon wafer exposed to the solar wind in space and returned by the crashed genesis spacecraft has shown that the sun has a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than does the earth .
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials .
following the merger of harvard and radcliffe admissions in 1977 , the proportion of female undergraduates steadily increased , mirroring a trend throughout higher education in the united states .
further , interest groups and government agencies more worried about energy were no match for kissinger 's dominance .
the mongols ' extensive west asian and european contacts produced a fair amount of cultural exchange .
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty .
building activity occurred in numerous noble palaces and churches during the later decades of the 17th century .
the show has received recognition as one of britain 's finest television programmes , winning the 2006 british academy television award for best drama series and five consecutive ( 2005–2010 ) awards at the national television awards during russell t davies ' tenure as executive producer .
at deshun , the tangut general ma jianlong put up a fierce resistance for several days and personally led charges against the invaders outside the city gate .
cajetan 's original instructions had been to arrest luther if he failed to recant , but the legate desisted from doing so .
this biogeochemical cycle describes the movement of oxygen within and between its three main reservoirs on earth : the atmosphere , the biosphere , and the lithosphere .
he called it packet switching , a more accessible name than baran 's , and proposed to build a nationwide network in the uk .
nikola suffered a nervous breakdown at around the same time .
the historian francis aidan gasquet wrote about the 'great pestilence ' in 1893 and suggested that " it would appear to be some form of the ordinary eastern or bubonic plague " .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
the alps are part of the great dividing range mountain system extending east-west through the centre of victoria .
over time , this has meant the parliament gradually assumed more voice : from being an unelected assembly , to its first direct elections in 1979 , to having increasingly more rights in the legislative process .
contiguous land empires such as the russian or ottoman are generally excluded from discussions of colonialism .
in the united states , approximately 828,000 women were employed in the construction industry as of 2011 .
for exercise , tesla walked between 8 to 10 miles per day .
kublai expanded the grand canal from southern china to daidu in the north .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
the united methodist church maintains that war is incompatible with christ 's message and teachings .
he first constructed fort presque isle ( near present-day erie , pennsylvania ) on lake erie 's south shore .
after detecting stress in a cell , which might be due to a pathogen , chloroplasts begin producing molecules like salicylic acid , jasmonic acid , nitric oxide and reactive oxygen species which can serve as defense-signals .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
some of the income was dispensed in the form of aid to other underdeveloped nations whose economies had been caught between higher oil prices and lower prices for their own export commodities , amid shrinking western demand .
tesla 's mother , đuka tesla ( née mandić ) , whose father was also an orthodox priest , :10 had a talent for making home craft tools , mechanical appliances , and the ability to memorize serbian epic poems .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
in the 1990s , rankine steam cycles generated about 90 % of all electric power used throughout the world , including virtually all solar , biomass , coal and nuclear power plants .
the huguenots adapted quickly and often married outside their immediate french communities , which led to their assimilation .
genghis khan ordered subutai and jebe to hunt him down , giving them 20,000 men and two years to do this .
in mawdryn undead ( 1983 ) , the fifth doctor explicitly confirmed that he was then currently in his fifth incarnation .
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell .
analysis of a silicon wafer exposed to the solar wind in space and returned by the crashed genesis spacecraft has shown that the sun has a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than does the earth .
by the end of the emergency , the home guard had killed 4,686 mau mau , amounting to 42 % of the total insurgents .
among those were evidence of roads , bridges and large plazas .
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms .
for example , integers can be represented in binary notation , and graphs can be encoded directly via their adjacency matrices , or by encoding their adjacency lists in binary .
tesla 's friend , julian hawthorne , wrote , " seldom did one meet a scientist or engineer who was also a poet , a philosopher , an appreciator of fine music , a linguist , and a connoisseur of food and drink .
following the transition to democracy , the legal form of " model c " was abolished , however , the term continues to be used to describe government schools formerly reserved for white children.. these schools tend to produce better academic results than government schools formerly reserved for other race groups .
civil disobedients have chosen a variety of different illegal acts .
barred by the government from settling in new france , huguenots led by jessé de forest , sailed to north america in 1624 and settled instead in the dutch colony of new netherland ( later incorporated into new york and new jersey ) ; as well as great britain 's colonies , including nova scotia .
it is also active in the world methodist council , an interdenominational group composed of various churches in the tradition of john wesley to promote the gospel throughout the world .
after founding the mongol empire and being proclaimed " genghis khan " , he started the mongol invasions that resulted in the conquest of most of eurasia .
due to the erratic and ( outside of college football season ) highly inconsistent scheduling of sports programming on weekend afternoons since espn took over responsibilities for abc 's sports division in 2006 , abc carries the espn sports saturday block on saturday late afternoons ( featuring various espn-produced documentaries ) , and on sundays either encores of primetime reality series , cancelled series being burned off that had no room on the primetime schedule , occasional theatrical films which were acquired by the network in the early to mid-2000s that no longer have a primetime slot to air in or more recently , figure skating and gymnastics specials supplied by disson skating , when no sports telecasts are scheduled , usually airing between 4:00 and 6:00 p.m. eastern and pacific time .
the region is home to two extended metropolitan areas that exceed five million in population .
the region was a leader in the housing bubble 2001–2007 , and has been heavily impacted by the housing crash .
the rhine was not known to herodotus and first enters the historical period in the 1st century bc in roman-era geography .
during the second world war , warsaw was razed to the ground by bombing raids and planned destruction .
in 1873 , tesla returned to his birthtown , smiljan .
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series .
under the suggestion of subutai , the mongol army was split into two forces .
in berlin , the huguenots created two new neighbourhoods : dorotheenstadt and friedrichstadt .
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks .
this is often interpreted as meaning the outer chloroplast membrane is the product of the host 's cell membrane infolding to form a vesicle to surround the ancestral cyanobacterium—which is not true—both chloroplast membranes are homologous to the cyanobacterium 's original double membranes .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
in its harshest form it preached that muslims should not only " always oppose " infidels " in every way , " but " hate them for their religion ... for allah 's sake , " that democracy " is responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century , " that shia and other non-wahhabi muslims were infidels , etc .
luther 's translation used the variant of german spoken at the saxon chancellery , intelligible to both northern and southern germans .
small subunit ribosomal rnas in several chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts lack motifs for shine-dalgarno sequence recognition , which is considered essential for translation initiation in most chloroplasts and prokaryotes .
they may exist to increase the chloroplast 's surface area for cross-membrane transport , because they are often branched and tangled with the endoplasmic reticulum .
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner .
the romans kept eight legions in five bases along the rhine .
by mass , oxygen is the third-most abundant element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium .
in england , the period of norman architecture immediately succeeds that of the anglo-saxon and precedes the early gothic .
through experimentation , it is determined that laboratory measurements of forces are fully consistent with the conceptual definition of force offered by newtonian mechanics .
deacons assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism , and may be granted sacramental authority if they are appointed as the pastor in a local church .
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) .
one of the finest objects displayed is suzuki chokichi 's bronze incense burner ( koro ) dated 1875 , standing at over 2.25 metres high and 1.25 metres in diameter it is also one of the largest examples made .
in a report , published in early february 2007 by the ear institute at the university college london , and widex , a danish hearing aid manufacturer , newcastle was named as the noisiest city in the whole of the uk , with an average level of 80.4 decibels .
in large parts , newcastle still retains a medieval street layout .
they ultimately decided to switch to german in protest against the occupation of prussia by napoleon in 1806-07. many of their descendents rose to positions of prominence .
in foster v british gas plc the court of justice held that mrs foster was entitled to bring a sex discrimination claim against her employer , british gas plc , which made women retire at age 60 and men at 65 , if ( 1 ) pursuant to a state measure , ( 2 ) it provided a public service , and ( 3 ) had special powers .
an attorney may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built , either by arguing that a rule is inapplicable ( the bridge design will not cause a collapse ) , or that the custom is no longer needed ( acceptance of live-work spaces has grown in the community ) .
it stands on the vistula river in east-central poland , roughly 260 kilometres ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea and 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains .
large-scale regeneration has replaced former shipping premises with imposing new office developments ; an innovative tilting bridge , the gateshead millennium bridge was commissioned by gateshead council and has integrated the older newcastle quayside more closely with major cultural developments in gateshead , including the baltic centre for contemporary art , the venue for the turner prize 2011 and the norman foster-designed the sage gateshead music centre .
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists .
the treaty of versailles and this particular provision , in general , caused much resentment in germany and is often cited as helping adolf hitler 's rise to power .
from december 1539 , luther became implicated in the bigamy of philip i , landgrave of hesse , who wanted to marry one of his wife 's ladies-in-waiting .
abc maintains several video on demand services for delayed viewing of the network 's programming , including a traditional vod service called abc on demand , which is carried on most traditional cable and iptv providers .
doctor who has always appeared initially on the bbc 's mainstream bbc one channel , where it is regarded as a family show , drawing audiences of many millions of viewers ; episodes are now repeated on bbc three .
many of the series featured during the run of the block were produced by miller-boyett productions , a warner bros.-based studio that briefly programmed the entire friday lineup during the 1990–91 season ( with going places joining family matters , full house and perfect strangers on the " tgif " schedule ) and through its development deal with paramount television prior to 1986 ( as miller-milkis , and later , miller-milkis-boyett productions ) , had earlier produced happy days and its various spinoffs among other series for the network .
according to legend , genghis khan even went so far as to divert a river through the khwarezmid emperor 's birthplace , erasing it from the map .
formed in november 1990 by the equal merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting , bskyb became the uk 's largest digital subscription television company .
steam engines can be said to have been the moving force behind the industrial revolution and saw widespread commercial use driving machinery in factories , mills and mines ; powering pumping stations ; and propelling transport appliances such as railway locomotives , ships , steamboats and road vehicles .
the lutheran theologian franz pieper observed that luther 's teaching about the state of the christian 's soul after death differed from the later lutheran theologians such as johann gerhard .
lenin wrote extensively on the matter and famously declared that imperialism was the highest stage of capitalism .
the annual status of education report ( aser ) , which evaluates learning levels in rural india , has been reporting poorer academic achievement in government schools than in private schools .
martin luther married katharina von bora , one of 12 nuns he had helped escape from the nimbschen cistercian convent in april 1523 , when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels .
in the laboratory , stratigraphers analyze samples of stratigraphic sections that can be returned from the field , such as those from drill cores .
following the treaty , king george iii issued the royal proclamation of 1763 on october 7 , 1763 , which outlined the division and administration of the newly conquered territory , and to some extent continues to govern relations between the government of modern canada and the first nations .
the g mission was achieved on apollo 11 in july 1969 by an all-gemini veteran crew consisting of neil armstrong , michael collins and buzz aldrin .
on april 12 , 1961 , soviet cosmonaut yuri gagarin became the first person to fly in space , reinforcing american fears about being left behind in a technological competition with the soviet union .
teachers that spend more time interacting and working directly with students are perceived as supportive and effective teachers .
the age of imperialism , a time period beginning around 1700 , saw ( generally european ) industrializing nations engaging in the process of colonizing , influencing , and annexing other parts of the world in order to gain political power .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
the presence of the mortgage banker is highly likely , even in relatively small projects since the owner 's equity in the property is the most obvious source of funding for a building project .
for instance , if a problem x can be solved using an algorithm for y , x is no more difficult than y , and we say that x reduces to y. there are many different types of reductions , based on the method of reduction , such as cook reductions , karp reductions and levin reductions , and the bound on the complexity of reductions , such as polynomial-time reductions or log-space reductions .
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) .
some 5 million people may have lived in the amazon region in ad 1500 , divided between dense coastal settlements , such as that at marajó , and inland dwellers .
an important unsolved problem in complexity theory is whether the graph isomorphism problem is in p , np-complete , or np-intermediate .
cameron congratulated the snp on their victory but vowed to campaign for the union in the independence referendum .
this means that the unbalanced centripetal force felt by any object is always directed toward the center of the curving path .
the broncos ' defense ranked first in the nfl yards allowed ( 4,530 ) for the first time in franchise history , and fourth in points allowed ( 296 ) .
to the east of this were additional galleries , the decoration of which was the work of another designer owen jones , these were the oriental courts ( covering india , china and japan ) completed in 1863 , none of this decoration survives , part of these galleries became the new galleries covering the 19th century , opened in december 2006. the last work by fowke was the design for the range of buildings on the north and west sides of the garden , this includes the refreshment rooms , reinstated as the museum café in 2006 , with the silver gallery above , ( at the time the ceramics gallery ) , the top floor has a splendid lecture theatre although this is seldom open to the general public .
since the ipcc does not carry out its own research , it operates on the basis of scientific papers and independently documented results from other scientific bodies , and its schedule for producing reports requires a deadline for submissions prior to the report 's final release .
the time required by a deterministic turing machine m on input x is the total number of state transitions , or steps , the machine makes before it halts and outputs the answer ( " yes " or " no " ) .
in developed countries , obesity , alcoholism , and drug use are common causes of poor immune function .
other symbols are common in different countries : the green greek cross in france , argentina , the united kingdom , belgium , ireland , italy , spain , and india , the increasingly rare gaper in the netherlands , and a red stylized letter a in germany and austria ( from apotheke , the german word for pharmacy , from the same greek root as the english word 'apothecary ' ) .
most of its population is concentrated in the area surrounding port phillip bay , which includes the metropolitan area of its capital and largest city , melbourne , which is australia 's second-largest city .
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney .
the panthers line also featured veteran defensive end jared allen , a 5-time pro bowler who was the nfl 's active career sack leader with 136 , along with defensive end kony ealy , who had 5 sacks in just 9 starts .
active immunity can also be generated artificially , through vaccination .
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons .
normally , the presiding officer tries to achieve a balance between different viewpoints and political parties when selecting members to speak .
however , these characteristics actually result from the pauli exclusion principle .
the soviet union had sent animals around the moon on september 15 , 1968 , aboard zond 5 , and it was believed they might soon repeat the feat with human cosmonauts .
following the peterloo massacre of 1819 , poet percy shelley wrote the political poem the mask of anarchy later that year , that begins with the images of what he thought to be the unjust forms of authority of his time—and then imagines the stirrings of a new form of social action .
these are classified by technique , countries of origin and date of production .
from 1510 to 1520 , luther lectured on the psalms , the books of hebrews , romans , and galatians .
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house .
voters outside the city limits rejected annexation plans in six referendums between 1960 and 1965 .
the historical measure of a steam engine 's energy efficiency was its " duty " .
faulting and other deformational processes result in the creation of topographic gradients , causing material on the rock unit that is increasing in elevation to be eroded by hillslopes and channels .
increased o 2 concentration in the lungs helps to displace carbon monoxide from the heme group of hemoglobin .
the words " bonny " ( meaning " pretty " ) , " howay " ( " come on " ) , " stot " ( " bounce " ) and " hadaway " ( " go away " or " you 're kidding " ) , all appear to be used in scots ; " aye " ( " yes " ) and " nowt " ( ipa : //naʊt/ , rhymes with out , " nothing " ) are used elsewhere in northern england .
hank marvin and bruce welch were both former pupils of rutherford grammar school , actors charlie hunnam and james scott , entertainers ant and dec and international footballers michael carrick and alan shearer were born in newcastle .
the third law means that all forces are interactions between different bodies , [ note 3 ] and thus that there is no such thing as a unidirectional force or a force that acts on only one body .
it was founded by former arpa ipto director larry roberts as a means of making arpanet technology public .
mnemiopsis populations in those areas were eventually brought under control by the accidental introduction of the mnemiopsis-eating north american ctenophore beroe ovata , and by a cooling of the local climate from 1991 to 1993 , which significantly slowed the animal 's metabolism .
despite this , he had a profound respect for both buddhism and christianity .
the umc is also a member of the wesleyan holiness consortium , which seeks to reconceive and promote biblical holiness in today 's church .
the further decline of byzantine state-of-affairs paved the road to a third attack in 1185 , when a large norman army invaded dyrrachium , owing to the betrayal of high byzantine officials .
as the andes mountains rose , however , a large basin was created that enclosed a lake ; now known as the solimões basin .
other than the campaigns to expel the acadians ( ranging around the bay of fundy , on the petitcodiac and st. john rivers , and île saint-jean ) , the only clashes of any size were at petitcodiac in 1755 and at bloody creek near annapolis royal in 1757 .
a platted town was established there in 1822 , a year after the united states gained florida from spain ; it was named after andrew jackson , the first military governor of the florida territory and seventh president of the united states .
prime ideals , which generalize prime elements in the sense that the principal ideal generated by a prime element is a prime ideal , are an important tool and object of study in commutative algebra , algebraic number theory and algebraic geometry .
with 4:51 left in regulation , carolina got the ball on their own 24-yard line with a chance to mount a game-winning drive , and soon faced 3rd-and-9 .
where the different institutions can not agree at any stage , a " conciliation committee " is convened , representing meps , ministers and the commission to try and get agreement on a joint text : if this works , it will be sent back to the parliament and council to approve by absolute and qualified majority .
similarly , algorithms can solve the np-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes in less than quadratic time and sat solvers routinely handle large instances of the np-complete boolean satisfiability problem .
british english is primarily used in the country .
seventy percent of formerly forested land in the amazon , and 91 % of land deforested since 1970 , is used for livestock pasture .
this means that the reduction process takes polynomial time .
it won five bafta tv awards , including best drama series , the highest-profile and most prestigious british television award for which the series has ever been nominated .
several d & b contractors present different ideas about how to accomplish these goals .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs .
then he imposed penalties , closed huguenot schools and excluded them from favored professions .
william pitt came to power and significantly increased british military resources in the colonies at a time when france was unwilling to risk large convoys to aid the limited forces it had in new france .
voters choose one member to represent the constituency , and the member with most votes is returned as a constituency msp .
most working children are active in agriculture .
cryptophytes , or cryptomonads are a group of algae that contain a red-algal derived chloroplast .
a function problem is a computational problem where a single output ( of a total function ) is expected for every input , but the output is more complex than that of a decision problem , that is , it is n't just yes or no .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
soon after , much of tesla 's early research—hundreds of invention models , plans , notes , laboratory data , tools , photographs , valued at $ 50,000—was lost in the 5th avenue laboratory fire of march 1895. tesla is quoted by the new york times as saying , " i am in too much grief to talk .
though the majority of art works on display date from the ming and qing dynasties , there are exquisite examples of objects dating from the tang dynasty and earlier periods .
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 .
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot .
the collection has numerous examples of various types of textiles designed by william morris , including , embroidery , woven fabrics , tapestries ( including 'the forest ' tapestry of 1887 ) , rugs and carpets , as well as pattern books and paper designs .
by contrast in commission v italy the court of justice held that a requirement for lawyers in italy to comply with maximum tariffs unless there was an agreement with a client was not a restriction .
like most legislative bodies , the city council divides itself into committees which have the oversight of various functions of the city government .
the soundtrack for series 5 was released on 8 november 2010. in february 2011 , a soundtrack was released for the 2010 christmas special : " a christmas carol " , and in december 2011 the soundtrack for series 6 was released , both by silva screen records .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
there are lot of small lakes in the parks , but only a few are permanent – the majority are emptied before winter to clean them of plants and sediments .
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half .
according to work by barro in 1999 and 2000 , high levels of inequality reduce growth in relatively poor countries but encourage growth in richer countries .
a turing machine is a mathematical model of a general computing machine .
nasa immediately convened an accident review board , overseen by both houses of congress .
other important complexity classes include bpp , zpp and rp , which are defined using probabilistic turing machines ; ac and nc , which are defined using boolean circuits ; and bqp and qma , which are defined using quantum turing machines .
the fire that killed the apollo 1 crew in a launch pad test spread so rapidly because the capsule was pressurized with pure o 2 but at slightly more than atmospheric pressure , instead of the 1⁄3 normal pressure that would be used in a mission .
it was the first network to make the hosts responsible for reliable delivery of data , rather than the network itself , using unreliable datagrams and associated end-to-end protocol mechanisms .
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
in 1973 , nixon named william e. simon as the first administrator of the federal energy office , a short-term organization created to coordinate the response to the embargo .
this was last seen in august and september 2011 prompting the kenyans for kenya initiative by the red cross .
31:5 ) , the common prayer of the dying .
pro bowl linebacker von miller led the team with 11 sacks , forced four fumbles , and recovered three .
former ipcc chairman robert watson has said " the mistakes all appear to have gone in the direction of making it seem like climate change is more serious by overstating the impact .
in 1881 , tesla moved to budapest to work under ferenc puskás at a telegraph company , the budapest telephone exchange .
davies is credited with coining the modern name packet switching and inspiring numerous packet switching networks in europe in the decade following , including the incorporation of the concept in the early arpanet in the united states .
the " combs " ( also called " ctenes " or " comb plates " ) run across each row , and each consists of thousands of unusually long cilia , up to 2 millimeters ( 0.079 in ) .
in september 1991 , the network premiered home improvement , a sitcom starring stand-up comic tim allen centering on the family and work life of an accident-prone host of a cable-access home improvement show .
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made .
in humans , immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic disease such as severe combined immunodeficiency , acquired conditions such as hiv/aids , or the use of immunosuppressive medication .
here the strong force acts indirectly , transmitted as gluons , which form part of the virtual pi and rho mesons , which classically transmit the nuclear force ( see this topic for more ) .
some jellyfish and turtles eat large quantities of ctenophores , and jellyfish may temporarily wipe out ctenophore populations .
bills pass through parliament in a number of stages :
at a meeting in albany in december 1755 , he laid out his plans for 1756. in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec .
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south .
the quasiturbine is a uniflow rotary steam engine where steam intakes in hot areas , while exhausting in cold areas .
in addition , extension of the florida east coast railway further south drew visitors to other areas .
the first doctor encounters himself in the story the space museum ( albeit frozen and as an exhibit ) , the third doctor encounters and interacts with himself in the story day of the daleks , the fourth doctor encounters and interacts with the future incarnation of himself ( the 'watcher ' ) in the story logopolis , the ninth doctor observes a former version of his current incarnation in " father 's day " , and the eleventh doctor briefly comes face to face with himself in " the big bang " .
the 2005 series reveals that the ninth doctor thought he was the last surviving time lord , and that his home planet had been destroyed ; in " the empty child " ( 2005 ) , dr. constantine states that , " before the war even began , i was a father and a grandfather .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum .
janet gray and other supporters of the hypothesis suggest that the name huguenote would be roughly equivalent to little hugos , or those who want hugo .
imperialism is " a policy of extending a country 's power and influence through colonization , use of military force , or other means " .
saudi arabia spent over 100 billion dollars in the ensuing decades for helping spread its fundamentalist interpretation of islam , known as wahhabism , throughout the world , via religious charities such al-haramain foundation , which often also distributed funds to violent sunni extremist groups such as al-qaeda and the taliban .
subject committees are established at the beginning of each parliamentary session , and again the members on each committee reflect the balance of parties across parliament .
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden .
after the defeat of the khwarezmian empire in 1220 , genghis khan gathered his forces in persia and armenia to return to the mongolian steppes .
during 1910–1911 at the waterside power station in new york , several of his bladeless turbine engines were tested at 100–5,000 hp .
t-cells have a symbiotic relationship with vitamin d. not only does the t-cell extend a vitamin d receptor , in essence asking to bind to the steroid hormone version of vitamin d , calcitriol , but the t-cell expresses the gene cyp27b1 , which is the gene responsible for converting the pre-hormone version of vitamin d , calcidiol into the steroid hormone version , calcitriol .
the average mongol garrison family of the yuan dynasty seems to have lived a life of decaying rural leisure , with income from the harvests of their chinese tenants eaten up by costs of equipping and dispatching men for their tours of duty .
later in his life , he did not consider himself to be a " believer in the orthodox sense , " and opposed religious fanaticism .
in bays where they occur in very high numbers , predation by ctenophores may control the populations of small zooplanktonic organisms such as copepods , which might otherwise wipe out the phytoplankton ( planktonic plants ) , which are a vital part of marine food chains .
at a khuruldai , a council of mongol chiefs , temüjin was acknowledged as " khan " of the consolidated tribes and took the new title " genghis khan " .
luther 's writings circulated widely , reaching france , england , and italy as early as 1519. students thronged to wittenberg to hear luther speak .
oxygen is the third most abundant chemical element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium .
tesla was able to perform integral calculus in his head , which prompted his teachers to believe that he was cheating .
the earlier they surrendered to the mongols , the higher they were placed , the more the held out , the lower they were ranked .
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
the university experienced its share of student unrest during the 1960s , beginning in 1962 , when students occupied president george beadle 's office in a protest over the university 's off-campus rental policies .
between 1978 and 2008 , entering students were required to complete a core curriculum of seven classes outside of their concentration .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx .
the main architecture gallery has a series of pillars from various buildings and different periods , for example a column from the alhambra .
twigg suggested that the cause was a form of anthrax , and norman cantor ( 2001 ) thought it may have been a combination of anthrax and other pandemics .
these words were very meaningful for the polish citizens who understood them as the incentive for the democratic changes .
during the 1970s and sometimes later , western and pro-western governments often supported sometimes fledgling islamists and islamist groups that later came to be seen as dangerous enemies .
in 1899 , john jacob astor iv invested $ 100,000 for tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
their use in agriculture led to an increase in the land available for cultivation .
it is approximately 220 miles ( 350 km ) northwest of los angeles , 170 miles ( 270 km ) south of the state capital , sacramento , or 185 miles ( 300 km ) south of san francisco .
luther 's 1538 hymnic version of the lord 's prayer , " vater unser im himmelreich " , corresponds exactly to luther 's explanation of the prayer in the small catechism , with one stanza for each of the seven prayer petitions , plus opening and closing stanzas .
to see why exponential-time algorithms might be unusable in practice , consider a program that makes 2n operations before halting .
... but when works are so completely cut away – and that must mean that faith alone justifies – whoever would speak plainly and clearly about this cutting away of works will have to say , 'faith alone justifies us , and not works ' . "
in 1984 zoologist graham twigg produced the first major work to challenge the bubonic plague theory directly , and his doubts about the identity of the black death have been taken up by a number of authors , including samuel k. cohn , jr. ( 2002 ) , david herlihy ( 1997 ) , and susan scott and christopher duncan ( 2001 ) .
in what are by kenyan standards unprecedented revelations , in 2010 , credible claims of corruption were made with regard to recruitment and procurement of armoured personnel carriers .
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) .
for eight days in lent , beginning on invocavit sunday , 9 march , luther preached eight sermons , which became known as the " invocavit sermons " .
teu article 16 ( 4 ) and tfeu article 238 ( 3 ) define this to mean at least 55 per cent of the council members ( not votes ) representing 65 per cent of the population of the eu : currently this means around 74 per cent , or 260 of the 352 votes .
the victorian alps in the northeast are the coldest part of victoria .
the clinical section is located in a 10-floor building with 700 beds , 10 operating theatres , an intensive care unit , several diagnostic departments as well as an outpatient clinic .
the expedition was a disaster .
nbc , which had lagged behind abc for eight years , finished the season in first place in the 18–49 demographic for the first time since 2004 , and in second place in total viewership behind long-dominant cbs .
the confederation of the rhine was established by napoleon , as a french client state , in 1806 and lasted until 1814 , during which time it served as a significant source of resources and military manpower for the first french empire .
the vast majority of kenyans are christian ( 83 % ) , with 47.7 % regarding themselves as protestant and 23.5 % as roman catholic of the latin rite .
reserved matters are subjects that are outside the legislative competence of the scotland parliament .
bbc north east and cumbria is located to the north of the city on barrack road , spital tongues , in a building known , as the result of its colouring , as the pink palace .
the plan is expected to take about ten years and was started in 2002. to date several galleries have been redesigned , notably , in 2002 : the main silver gallery , contemporary ; in 2003 : photography , the main entrance , the painting galleries ; in 2004 : the tunnel to the subway leading to south kensington tube station , new signage throughout the museum , architecture , v & a and riba reading rooms and stores , metalware , members ' room , contemporary glass , the gilbert bayes sculpture gallery ; in 2005 : portrait miniatures , prints and drawings , displays in room 117 , the garden , sacred silver and stained glass ; in 2006 : central hall shop , islamic middle east , the new café , sculpture galleries .
during detention , students normally have to sit in a classroom and do work , write lines or a punishment essay , or sit quietly .
his successor , ted heath , reversed this policy in 1970 , calling for israel to withdraw to its pre-1967 borders .
economist branko milanovic , wrote in 2001 that , " the view that income inequality harms growth – or that improved equality can help sustain growth – has become more widely held in recent years .
there are a set of beautiful inlaid doors , dated 1580 from antwerp city hall , attributed to hans vredeman de vries .
all chloroplasts in a plant are descended from undifferentiated proplastids found in the zygote , or fertilized egg .
knls is the body mandated to establish , equip , manage and maintain national and public libraries in the country .
in august 1917 , tesla explained what had happened in the electrical experimenter : " as an example of what has been done with several hundred kilowatts of high frequency energy liberated , it was found that the dynamos in a power house six miles away were repeatedly burned out , due to the powerful high frequency currents set up in them , and which caused heavy sparks to jump through the windings and destroy the insulation ! "
it includes canova 's the three graces , which the museum jointly owns with national galleries of scotland .
earlier papers studying problems solvable by turing machines with specific bounded resources include john myhill 's definition of linear bounded automata ( myhill 1960 ) , raymond smullyan 's study of rudimentary sets ( 1961 ) , as well as hisao yamada 's paper on real-time computations ( 1962 ) .
robert young writes that while imperialism operates from the center , is a state policy and is developed for ideological as well as financial reasons , colonialism is simply the development for settlement or commercial intentions .
so , in schmidberger v austria the court of justice held that austria did not infringe article 34 by failing to ban a protest that blocked heavy traffic passing over the a13 , brenner autobahn , en route to italy .
by the 1880s , the machine gun had become an effective battlefield weapon .
) , and less complex than bilaterians ( which include almost all other animals ) .
following the nice treaty , there was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the european union and make it more transparent ; this would have also produced a single constitutional document .
it was very popular at the bafta cymru awards , with 25 wins overall including best drama series ( twice ) , best screenplay/screenwriter ( thrice ) and best actor .
also , in the 100 greatest kids ' tv shows ( a channel 4 countdown in 2001 ) , the 1963–1989 run was placed at number eight .
more specifically , the double bond is the result of sequential , low-to-high energy , or aufbau , filling of orbitals , and the resulting cancellation of contributions from the 2s electrons , after sequential filling of the low σ and σ* orbitals ; σ overlap of the two atomic 2p orbitals that lie along the o-o molecular axis and π overlap of two pairs of atomic 2p orbitals perpendicular to the o-o molecular axis , and then cancellation of contributions from the remaining two of the six 2p electrons after their partial filling of the lowest π and π* orbitals .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
the network is headquartered on columbus avenue and west 66th street in manhattan , with additional major offices and production facilities in new york city , los angeles and burbank , california .
users typically connected via dial-up connections or dedicated async connections .
the script was written by steven moffat , later to be head writer and executive producer to the revived series .
in 2010 , a further such appearance featured matt smith as the eleventh doctor alongside former companion actress katy manning reprising her role as jo grant .
under this system , once the design is completed by the design team , a number of construction companies or construction management companies may then be asked to make a bid for the work , either based directly on the design , or on the basis of drawings and a bill of quantities provided by a quantity surveyor .
he had an older brother named dane and three sisters , milka , angelina and marica .
they joined the patriots , dallas cowboys , and pittsburgh steelers as one of four teams that have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
in 1967 , manuel blum developed an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms and proved an important result , the so-called , speed-up theorem .
the image at the right illustrates that 12 is not prime : 12 = 3 · 4. no even number greater than 2 is prime because by definition , any such number n has at least three distinct divisors , namely 1 , 2 , and n. this implies that n is not prime .
for many geologic applications , isotope ratios of radioactive elements are measured in minerals that give the amount of time that has passed since a rock passed through its particular closure temperature , the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice .
antimicrobial peptides called defensins are an evolutionarily conserved component of the innate immune response found in all animals and plants , and represent the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity .
he worked closely with the new elector , john the steadfast , to whom he turned for secular leadership and funds on behalf of a church largely shorn of its assets and income after the break with rome .
other notable structures include the 37-story wells fargo center ( with its distinctive flared base making it the defining building in the jacksonville skyline ) , originally built in 1972-74 by the independent life and accident insurance company , and the 28 floor riverplace tower which , when completed in 1967 , was the tallest precast , post-tensioned concrete structure in the world .
networks affiliates approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002. in september , disney chairman/ceo michael eisner outlined a proposed realignment of the abc broadcast network day parts with the similar unit in its cable channels : abc saturday mornings with disney channels ( toon & playhouse ) , abc daytime with soapnet and abc prime time with abc family .
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced .
tyneside flats were built as terraces , one of each pair of doors led to an upstairs flat while the other led into the ground-floor flat , each of two or three rooms .
in the spring of 1975 , fred pierce , the newly appointed president of abc television , convinced fred silverman to become the first president and director of programming of the independent television production subsidiary abc entertainment , created from the network 's namesake programming division .
to counteract nbc , abc decided to refocus itself on comedies and family-oriented series beginning in the mid-1980s including mr. belvedere , roseanne , who 's the boss ? , just the ten of us , the wonder years , full house and perfect strangers .
first , linebacker shaq thompson tackled ronnie hillman for a 3-yard loss .
in 1521 luther dealt largely with prophecy , in which he broadened the foundations of the reformation placing them on prophetic faith .
genghis khan , after conquering deshun , went to liupanshan ( qingshui county , gansu province ) to escape the severe summer .
i feel i did the right thing by violating this particular law ; i am guilty as charged , " but that pleading not guilty sends a message of , " guilt implies wrong-doing .
a pharmacy technician once qualified has to register as a professional on the general pharmaceutical council ( gphc ) register .
the duchy of normandy , which they formed by treaty with the french crown , was a great fief of medieval france , and under richard i of normandy was forged into a cohesive and formidable principality in feudal tenure .
once mutual 's appeals against the fcc were rejected , rca decided to sell nbc blue in 1941 , and gave the mandate to do so to mark woods .
chloroplasts are highly dynamic—they circulate and are moved around within plant cells , and occasionally pinch in two to reproduce .
peter davison , colin baker and sylvester mccoy appeared together in the 1999 audio adventure the sirens of time .
ctenophores form an animal phylum that is more complex than sponges , about as complex as cnidarians ( jellyfish , sea anemones , etc .
the personal representative of the queen of australia in the state is the governor of victoria , currently linda dessau .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
many of these liturgies are derived from the anglican tradition 's book of common prayer .
scouts had reported the weakness of the british supply chain , so he ordered an attack against the forts shirley had erected at the oneida carry .
the input string for a computational problem is referred to as a problem instance , and should not be confused with the problem itself .
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits .
nuclear-powered ships and submarines either use a steam turbine directly for main propulsion , with generators providing auxiliary power , or else employ turbo-electric transmission , where the steam drives a turbo generator set with propulsion provided by electric motors .
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 .
islamists accused the saudi regime of being a puppet of the west .
however , in the early 11th century the dukes began a programme of church reform , encouraging the cluniac reform of monasteries and patronising intellectual pursuits , especially the proliferation of scriptoria and the reconstitution of a compilation of lost illuminated manuscripts .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
algorithms that use random bits are called randomized algorithms .
andreas karlstadt , supported by the ex-augustinian gabriel zwilling , embarked on a radical programme of reform there in june 1521 , exceeding anything envisaged by luther .
the climate in newcastle is oceanic ( köppen cfb ) and significantly milder than some other locations in the world at a similar latitude , due to the warming influence of the gulf stream ( via the north atlantic drift ) .
at the start of the war , no french regular army troops were stationed in north america , and few british troops .
in 1999 , another special , doctor who and the curse of fatal death , was made for comic relief and later released on vhs .
his poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments .
because the haptophyte chloroplast has four membranes , tertiary endosymbiosis would be expected to create a six membraned chloroplast , adding the haptophyte 's cell membrane and the dinophyte 's phagosomal vacuole .
second , a citizen or company can invoke a directive , not just in a dispute with a public authority , but in a dispute with another citizen or company .
roman catholic theology stated that faith alone , whether fiduciary or dogmatic , can not justify man ; justification rather depends only on such faith as is active in charity and good works ( fides caritate formata ) .
students still derive a strong sense of security by staying with the same group of peers for all classes .
on the other hand , higher economic inequality tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ( self-employment ) .
meanwhile , they occupied petrela , the citadel of mili at the banks of the river deabolis , gllavenica ( ballsh ) , kanina and jericho .
it was commissioned by odo , the bishop of bayeux and first earl of kent , employing natives from kent who were learned in the nordic traditions imported in the previous half century by the danish vikings .
many times , teachers assist in learning outside of the classroom by accompanying students on field trips .
in 2014 , scientists with public health england announced the results of an examination of 25 bodies exhumed from the clerkenwell area of london , as well as of wills registered in london during the period , which supported the pneumonic hypothesis .
his records indicate that the device is based on a narrow stream of small tungsten pellets that are accelerated via high voltage ( by means akin to his magnifying transformer ) .
westinghouse looked into getting a patent on a similar commutator-less , rotating magnetic field-based induction motor presented in a paper in march 1888 by the italian physicist galileo ferraris , but decided tesla 's patent would probably control the market .
luther responded to these theses with six series of theses against agricola and the antinomians , four of which became the basis for disputations between 1538 and 1540. he also responded to these assertions in other writings , such as his 1539 open letter to c. güttel against the antinomians , and his book on the councils and the church from the same year .
luther and his wife moved into a former monastery , " the black cloister , " a wedding present from the new elector john the steadfast ( 1525–32 ) .
for example , at the beginning of each parliamentary year , the first minister delivers a statement to the chamber setting out the government 's legislative programme for the forthcoming year .
education is very important for the growth of the economy , however educational inequality in gender also influence towards the economy .
in addition , residents in unincorporated suburbs had difficulty obtaining municipal services , such as sewage and building code enforcement .
the rhine roughly forms the german-swiss border from lake constance with the exceptions of the canton of schaffhausen and parts of the cantons of zürich and basel-stadt , until it turns north at the so-called rhine knee at basel , leaving switzerland .
specifically within the year 1636 , it is roughly estimated with evidence held by the society of antiquaries that 47 % of the then population of newcastle died from the epidemic ; this may also have been the most devastating loss in any british city in this period .
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick .
in case of the ozone depletion global regulation based on the montreal protocol has been successful , in case of climate change , the kyoto protocol failed .
over the past 6000 years , approximately 80 avulsions have occurred .
one of the great geographical treatises of the middle ages , the " tabula rogeriana " , was written by the andalusian al-idrisi for king roger ii of sicily , and entitled " kitab rudjdjar " ( " the book of roger " ) .
stromules are very rare in chloroplasts , and are much more common in other plastids like chromoplasts and amyloplasts in petals and roots , respectively .
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials .
according to politifact the top 400 richest americans " have more wealth than half of all americans combined . "
a study published in nature in october 2011 sequenced the genome of y. pestis from plague victims and indicated that the strain that caused the black death is ancestral to most modern strains of the disease .
the arrested persons were found " guilty , " nevertheless , and given suspended sentences , conditional on their not reentering the test site grounds .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
professional skateboarder tony hawk , professional surfers rob machado , tim curran , bobby martinez , pat o'connell , dane reynolds , and chris ward , and professional snowboarder shaun white live in southern california .
temüjin turned to toghrul for support , and in response , toghrul offered his vassal 20,000 of his keraite warriors and suggested that he also involve his childhood friend jamukha , who had himself become khan ( ruler ) of his own tribe , the jadaran .
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) of building material per hour as of january 2013 [ update ] , with the next-generation printers capable of 3.5 metres ( 11 ft ) per hour , sufficient to complete a building in a week .
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx .
the principle behind vaccination ( also called immunization ) is to introduce an antigen from a pathogen in order to stimulate the immune system and develop specific immunity against that particular pathogen without causing disease associated with that organism .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
the brotherhood 's base of devout middle class found common cause with the impoverished youth of the intifada in their cultural conservatism and antipathy for activities of the secular middle class such as drinking alcohol and going about without hijab .
students who experienced a very enthusiastic teacher were more likely to read lecture material outside of the classroom .
sierra sky park was the first aviation community to be built [ citation needed ] and there are now numerous such communities across the united states and around the world .
the two teams ' combined third down conversion percentage of 13.8 was a super bowl low .
the principle of cross-cutting relationships pertains to the formation of faults and the age of the sequences through which they cut .
mohandas gandhi pleaded guilty and told the court , " i am here to .
he was also ruthless , demonstrated by his tactic of measuring against the linchpin , used against the tribes led by jamukha .
in september 2007 , sky launched a new tv advertising campaign targeting sky+ at women .
imperialism is defined as " a policy of extending a country ’ s power and influence through diplomacy or military force . "
from italy , the disease spread northwest across europe , striking france , spain , portugal and england by june 1348 , then turned and spread east through germany and scandinavia from 1348 to 1350. it was introduced in norway in 1349 when a ship landed at askøy , then spread to bjørgvin ( modern bergen ) and iceland .
the party argued that the revenues from the oil were not benefitting scotland as much as they should .
the islamic republic has also maintained its hold on power in iran in spite of us economic sanctions , and has created or assisted like-minded shia terrorist groups in iraq , egypt , syria , jordan ( sciri ) and lebanon ( hezbollah ) ( two muslim countries that also have large shiite populations ) .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
the court has required that higher education , along with other forms of vocational training , should be more access , albeit with qualifying periods .
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away .
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean .
lower doses of anti-inflammatory drugs are often used in conjunction with cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs such as methotrexate or azathioprine .
following a referendum in 1997 , in which the scottish electorate voted for devolution , the current parliament was convened by the scotland act 1998 , which sets out its powers as a devolved legislature .
breakfast is usually tea or porridge with bread , chapati , mahamri , boiled sweet potatoes or yams .
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 .
the british were supported in the war by the iroquois six nations , and also by the cherokee – until differences sparked the anglo-cherokee war in 1758. in 1758 the pennsylvania government successfully negotiated the treaty of easton , in which a number of tribes in the ohio country promised neutrality in exchange for land concessions and other considerations .
kenya won several medals during the beijing olympics , six gold , four silver and four bronze , making it africa 's most successful nation in the 2008 olympics .
prince louis de condé , along with his sons daniel and osias , [ citation needed ] arranged with count ludwig von nassau-saarbrücken to establish a huguenot community in present-day saarland in 1604. the count supported mercantilism and welcomed technically skilled immigrants into his lands , regardless of their religion .
the european court of justice is the highest court able to interpret european union law .
the united methodist church also believes that jesus explicitly repudiated the lex talionis in matthew 5:38-39 and abolished the death penalty in john 8:7. the general conference of the united methodist church calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment and for governments to enact an immediate moratorium on carrying out the death penalty sentence .
combustion hazards also apply to compounds of oxygen with a high oxidative potential , such as peroxides , chlorates , nitrates , perchlorates , and dichromates because they can donate oxygen to a fire .
the il-khanate government issued paper money in 1294 , but public distrust of the exotic new currency doomed the experiment .
in the genus beroe the juveniles , like the adults , lack tentacles and tentacle sheaths .
governor robert dinwiddie of virginia was an investor in the ohio company , which stood to lose money if the french held their claim .
the promise of a negotiated settlement between israel and syria was enough to convince arab oil producers to lift the embargo in march 1974 .
fresno native audra mcdonald performed in the leading roles of evita and the wiz at the theater while she was a high school student .
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice .
the historic heart of newcastle is the grainger town area .
the enforcement of the ban on the 95 theses fell to the secular authorities .
in 1996 , a more conservative and anti-democratic islamist movement known as the taliban rose to power , defeated most of the warlords and took over roughly 80 % of afghanistan .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
on 18 november 2015 , sky announced sky q , a range of products and services to be available in 2016. the sky q range consists of three set top boxes ( sky q , sky q silver and sky q mini ) , a broadband router ( sky q hub ) and mobile applications .
japan also invaded thailand , pressuring the country into a thai/japanese alliance .
the mongols characterized otachi doctors by their use of herbal remedies , which was distinguished from the spiritual cures of mongol shamanism .
the significant element of the relief , in this part of warsaw , is the edge of moraine plateau called warsaw escarpment .
three more flows carry significant amounts of water : the nieuwe merwede ( " new merwede " ) , which branches off from the southern branch where it changes from boven to beneden merwede ; the oude maas ( " old meuse " ) , which branches off from the southern branch where it changes from beneden merwede into noord , and dordtse kil , which branches off from oude maas .
until 1932 the generally accepted length of the rhine was 1,230 kilometres ( 764 miles ) .
in 2007 , peter davison returned in the children in need short " time crash " alongside david tennant , and most recently in 2013 's 50th anniversary special episode , " the day of the doctor " , david tennant 's tenth doctor appeared alongside matt smith as the eleventh doctor and john hurt as the war doctor , as well as brief footage from all of the previous actors .
this is why , for example , astronauts experience weightlessness when in free-fall orbit around the earth , and why newton 's laws of motion are more easily discernible in such environments .
kublai returned from fighting the song in 1260 when he learned that his brother , ariq böke , was challenging his claim to the throne .
the rousing success of happy days also led to a successful spin-off series , laverne & shirley , which debuted in 1976. charlie 's angels and three 's company ( which debuted in 1977 ) were two prime examples of a trend among the major networks during the 1970s known as " jiggle tv " , featuring attractive , often buxom , women in main and guest roles .
doctor who has been nominated for over 200 awards and has won over a hundred of them .
the art deco period is covered by rugs and fabrics designed by marion dorn .
the term " imperialism " is often conflated with " colonialism " , however many scholars have argued that each have their own distinct definition .
the taliban differed from other islamist movements to the point where they might be more properly described as islamic fundamentalist or neofundamentalist , interested in spreading " an idealized and systematized version of conservative tribal village customs " under the label of sharia to an entire country .
for example , the suspect may need to decide whether or not to grant a consent search of his property , and whether or not to talk to police officers .
he noted that air rushed in when he opened the container , which indicated that part of the trapped air had been consumed .
[ citation needed ] since ireland refused to consent to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 , there remains one commissioner for each of the 28 member states , including the president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ( currently federica mogherini ) .
a new four-note theme tune was introduced alongside the package , based around the network 's " we love tv " image campaign introduced that year , creating an audio signature on par with the nbc chimes , cbs ' various three-note soundmarks ( including the current version used since 2000 ) and the fox fanfare .
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas .
due to the fact that the bureaucracy was dominated by el temür , tugh temür is known for his cultural contribution instead .
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north .
the kilogram-force leads to an alternate , but rarely used unit of mass : the metric slug ( sometimes mug or hyl ) is that mass that accelerates at 1 m·s−2 when subjected to a force of 1 kgf .
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " .
in pakistan this islamization from above was " probably " more complete " than under any other regime except those in iran and sudan , " but zia-ul-haq was also criticized by many islamists for imposing " symbols " rather than substance , and using islamization to legitimize his means of seizing power .
the charter creating the harvard corporation was granted in 1650 .
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls .
in 1271 , kublai khan imposed the name great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; wade–giles : ta-yüan ) , establishing the yuan dynasty .
in the analog versions of these experiments , horizontal layers of sand are pulled along a lower surface into a back stop , which results in realistic-looking patterns of faulting and the growth of a critically tapered ( all angles remain the same ) orogenic wedge .
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers .
tesla could be harsh at times and openly expressed disgust for overweight people , such as when he fired a secretary because of her weight .
the definition of imperialism has not been finalized for centuries and was confusedly seen to represent the policies of major powers , or simply , general-purpose aggressiveness .
genghis khan united the mongol and turkic tribes of the steppes and became great khan in 1206. he and his successors expanded the mongol empire across asia .
as an incentive for absolute obedience and following his rule of law , the yassa code , temüjin promised civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils .
building on vaudreuil 's work harassing the oswego garrison , montcalm executed a strategic feint by moving his headquarters to ticonderoga , as if to presage another attack along lake george .
doctor who fandom has also been lampooned on programs such as saturday night live , the chaser 's war on everything , mystery science theater 3000 , family guy , american dad ! , futurama , south park , community as inspector spacetime , the simpsons and the big bang theory .
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) .
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water .
for example , the multiplication of two integers can be expressed as the set of triples ( a , b , c ) such that the relation a × b = c holds .
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum .
after banishing the zwickau prophets , he now faced a battle against not only the established church but also the radical reformers who threatened the new order by fomenting social unrest and violence .
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression .
for example , the prime field is the smallest subfield of a field f containing both 0 and 1. it is either q or the finite field with p elements , whence the name .
other important complexity classes include bpp , zpp and rp , which are defined using probabilistic turing machines ; ac and nc , which are defined using boolean circuits ; and bqp and qma , which are defined using quantum turing machines .
the capture of warũhiũ itote ( aka general china ) on 15 january 1954 and the subsequent interrogation led to a better understanding of the mau mau command structure .
so , in francovich v italy , the italian government had failed to set up an insurance fund for employees to claim unpaid wages if their employers had gone insolvent , as the insolvency protection directive required .
unlike conventional cilia and flagella , which has a filament structure arranged in a 9 + 2 pattern , these cilia are arranged in a 9 + 3 pattern , where the extra compact filament is suspected to have a supporting function .
ward fumbled the ball during the return , but trevathan recovered it to enable denver to keep possession .
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
chloroplasts are only found in plants and algae .
france ceded its territory east of the mississippi to great britain .
this government adopted the traditional chinese tripartite division of authority among civil , military , and censorial offices , including the central secretariat ( zhongshu sheng ) to manage civil affairs , the privy council ( chinese : 樞密院 ) to manage military affairs , and the censorate to conduct internal surveillance and inspection .
stretching of units can result in their thinning ; in fact , there is a location within the maria fold and thrust belt in which the entire sedimentary sequence of the grand canyon can be seen over a length of less than a meter .
starting in 1934 , the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company began paying tesla $ 125 per month as well as paying his rent at the hotel new yorker , expenses the company would pay for the rest of tesla 's life .
the network had earlier reached an eleventh-hour deal to renew its carriage agreement with the provider on december 31 , 1999. abc filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to force twc to restore the affected stations ; the fcc ruled in favor of abc , ordering time warner cable to restore the stations , doing so on the afternoon of may 2. abc ended the 2000–01 season as the most-watched network , ahead of nbc .
many types of turing machines are used to define complexity classes , such as deterministic turing machines , probabilistic turing machines , non-deterministic turing machines , quantum turing machines , symmetric turing machines and alternating turing machines .
the legislature of the european union is principally composed of the european parliament and the council of the european union , which under the treaties may establish secondary law to pursue the objective set out in the treaties .
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030. in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight .
will wilkinson of the libertarian cato institute states that " the weight of the evidence shows that the run-up in consumption inequality has been considerably less dramatic than the rise in income inequality , " and consumption is more important than income .
warsaw is located on two main geomorphologic formations : the plain moraine plateau and the vistula valley with its asymmetrical pattern of different terraces .
q stands for the quaternary period .
in 1965 , the corporate entity , american broadcasting-paramount theatres , was renamed as the american broadcasting companies , while its cinema division became abc theatres ; [ citation needed ] its recording division was renamed abc records in 1966. in december of that year , the abc television network premiered the dating game , a pioneer series in its genre , which was a reworking of the blind date concept in which a suitor selected one of three contestants sight unseen based on the answers to selected questions .
the natural rhine originally branched into at least two arms and formed small islands by precipitating sediments .
a recent molecular phylogenetics analysis concluded that the common ancestor of all modern ctenophores was cydippid-like , and that all the modern groups appeared relatively recently , probably after the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event 66 million years ago .
the rhetoric of colonizers being racially superior appears to have achieved its purpose , for example throughout latin america " whiteness " is still prized today and various forms of blanqueamiento ( whitening ) are common .
because of their soft , gelatinous bodies , ctenophores are extremely rare as fossils , and fossils that have been interpreted as ctenophores have been found only in lagerstätten , places where the environment was exceptionally suited to preservation of soft tissue .
in 1507 , he was ordained to the priesthood , and in 1508 , von staupitz , first dean of the newly founded university of wittenberg , sent for luther , to teach theology .
clinical pharmacists care for patients in all health care settings , but the clinical pharmacy movement initially began inside hospitals and clinics .
one year later , a war erupted in the philippines causing business , labor and government leaders in the us to condemn america 's occupation in the philippines as they also denounced them for causing the deaths of many filipinos .
with some justification , newton 's second law can be taken as a quantitative definition of mass by writing the law as an equality ; the relative units of force and mass then are fixed .
any member can put their name forward to be first minister , and a vote is taken by all members of parliament .
in one of the richest agricultural regions in the u.s. , cattle and citrus were major industries until farmlands were turned into suburbs .
the colonization of india in the mid-18th century offers an example of this focus : there , the " british exploited the political weakness of the mughal state , and , while military activity was important at various times , the economic and administrative incorporation of local elites was also of crucial significance " for the establishment of control over the subcontinent 's resources , markets , and manpower .
bus services in newcastle upon tyne and the surrounding boroughs part of the tyne and wear area are coordinated by nexus , the tyne and wear passenger transport executive .
the former administrative building of lothian regional council on george iv bridge was used for the msp 's offices .
in afghanistan , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviet union in the 1980s did not lead to justice and prosperity , due to a vicious and destructive civil war between political and tribal warlords , making afghanistan one of the poorest countries on earth .
dating of lava and volcanic ash layers found within a stratigraphic sequence can provide absolute age data for sedimentary rock units which do not contain radioactive isotopes and calibrate relative dating techniques .
the aauw study , however , posed questions about fourteen types of sexual harassment and various degrees of frequency and included only abuses by teachers .
debus was named the loc 's first director .
in 1562 , naval officer jean ribault led an expedition that explored florida and the present-day southeastern u.s. , and founded the outpost of charlesfort on parris island , south carolina .
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market .
similarly , the sieve of eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered a prime : a modified version of the sieve that considers 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of 1 ( that is , all other numbers ) and produce as output only the single number 1. furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function .
the study also found that there were two previously unknown but related clades ( genetic branches ) of the y. pestis genome associated with medieval mass graves .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
teaching in canada requires a post-secondary degree bachelor 's degree .
luther sought assurances about life and was drawn to theology and philosophy , expressing particular interest in aristotle , william of ockham , and gabriel biel .
the time and space hierarchy theorems form the basis for most separation results of complexity classes .
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
these theses asserted that the law is no longer to be taught to christians but belonged only to city hall .
some muslim communities had a chinese surname which meant " barracks " and could also mean " thanks " .
many families , today mostly afrikaans-speaking , have surnames indicating their french huguenot ancestry .
an enthusiastic teacher has the ability to be very influential in the young students life .
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3. however , computing a or μ requires the knowledge of infinitely many primes to begin with .
the main driving factor of the oxygen cycle is photosynthesis , which is responsible for modern earth 's atmosphere .
he also made a cameo appearance in the talons of weng-chiang ( as a music hall conductor ) .
tesla was able to perform integral calculus in his head , which prompted his teachers to believe that he was cheating .
newcastle has a horse racing course at gosforth park .
jacksonville consolidation , led by j. j. daniel and claude yates , began to win more support during this period , from both inner city blacks , who wanted more involvement in government , and whites in the suburbs , who wanted more services and more control over the central city .
in honor of the occasion , then-mayor hans tanzler posed with actress lee meredith behind a sign marking the new border of the " bold new city of the south " at florida 13 and julington creek .
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain .
when the interstate highway system was created in the 1950s , the decision was made to build what is now interstate 5 on the west side of the central valley , and thus bypass many of the population centers in the region , instead of upgrading what is now state route 99. due to rapidly raising population and traffic in cities along sr 99 , as well as the desirability of federal funding , much discussion has been made to upgrade it to interstate standards and eventually incorporate it into the interstate system , most likely as interstate 9. major improvements to signage , lane width , median separation , vertical clearance , and other concerns are currently underway .
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow .
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals .
datanet 1 was the public switched data network operated by the dutch ptt telecom ( now known as kpn ) .
the two aaa auto clubs of the state , the california state automobile association and the automobile club of southern california , choose to simplify matters by dividing the state along the lines where their jurisdictions for membership apply , as either northern or southern california , in contrast to the three-region point of view .
newton 's third law is a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects .
in a bid to gain newcastle and the tyne , cromwell 's allies , the scots , captured the town of newburn .
the great distances and the nature of what tesla was detecting from lightning storms confirmed his belief that the earth had a resonant frequency .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the contractor identified change orders or project changes that increased costs , which are not subject to competition from other firms as they have already been eliminated from consideration after the initial bid .
phycobilins come in all colors , though phycoerytherin is one of the pigments that makes many red algae red .
it was demolished to make way for grey street , where its replacement was built .
on april 20 , kennedy sent a memo to vice president lyndon b. johnson , asking johnson to look into the status of america 's space program , and into programs that could offer nasa the opportunity to catch up .
the talk/lifestyle show that replaced one life to live , the revolution , failed to generate satisfactory ratings and was in turn canceled after only seven months .
the annual animal migration occurs between june and september with millions of animals taking part , attracting valuable foreign tourism .
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms .
a problem x is hard for a class of problems c if every problem in c can be reduced to x. thus no problem in c is harder than x , since an algorithm for x allows us to solve any problem in c. of course , the notion of hard problems depends on the type of reduction being used .
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) .
the very high-speed backbone network service ( vbns ) came on line in april 1995 as part of a national science foundation ( nsf ) sponsored project to provide high-speed interconnection between nsf-sponsored supercomputing centers and select access points in the united states .
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages .
chloroplasts are a special type of a plant cell organelle called a plastid , though the two terms are sometimes used interchangeably .
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy .
however , the most iconic of abc 's relationships with hollywood producers was its agreement with walt disney ; after the start of the network 's bond with the disney studio , james lewis baughman , who worked as a columnist at that time , observed that " at abc 's headquarters in new york , the secretaries [ were now ] wearing hats with mickey mouse ears " .
if the water level drops , such that the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly , the lead melts and the steam escapes , warning the operators , who may then manually suppress the fire .
student uniforms for australian private schools are generally stricter and more formal than in government schools - for example , a compulsory blazer .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
one of these is dominated by a full-scale replica of trajan 's column , cut in half in order to fit under the ceiling .
the first two highways successfully opened up the rainforest and led to increased settlement and deforestation .
this stage comprises two parts : consideration of amendments to the bill as a general debate , and a final vote on the bill .
genghis khan had the city 's surviving population assemble in the main mosque of the town , where he declared that he was the flail of god , sent to punish them for their sins .
the official designation for pharmacists who pass the ambulatory care pharmacy specialty certification exam will be board certified ambulatory care pharmacist and these pharmacists will carry the initials bcacp .
even before washington returned , dinwiddie had sent a company of 40 men under william trent to that point , where in the early months of 1754 they began construction of a small stockaded fort .
kenya 's services sector , which contributes 61 % of gdp , is dominated by tourism .
he was buried in an unmarked grave somewhere in mongolia at an unknown location .
throughout the lifetime of an animal , these memory cells remember each specific pathogen encountered and can mount a strong response if the pathogen is detected again .
cost engineers and estimators apply expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation .
it offered a classic curriculum on the english university model—​​many leaders in the colony had attended the university of cambridge—​​but conformed puritanism . it was never affiliated with any particular denomination , but many of its earliest graduates went on to become clergymen in congregational and unitarian churches .
like alice in wonderland , he often finds that specific terminology has no more ( or no less ) meaning than the individual orator intends it to have . "
abc also carries various x games weekend events not broadcast by espn .
the greens , who won their first lower house seats in 2014 , are strongest in inner melbourne .
[ citation needed ] it may be possible that another kuznets ' cycle is occurring , specifically the move from the manufacturing sector to the service sector .
he died in 1227 after defeating the western xia .
i would be doing a service if i killed my father when he is hunting , made an alliance with sultan muhammad , brought this land to life and gave assistance and support to the muslims . "
under the deal , the president would appoint cabinet ministers from both pnu and odm camps depending on each party 's strength in parliament .
refined hindu and buddhist sculptures reflect the influence of india ; items on show include betel-nut cutters , ivory combs and bronze palanquin hooks .
art from thailand , burma , cambodia , indonesia and sri lanka in gold , silver , bronze , stone , terracotta and ivory represents these rich and complex cultures , the displays span the 6th to 19th centuries .
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
however , there are some in the united methodist church who feel that false ecumenism might result in the " blurring of theological and confessional differences in the interests of unity . "
the interior makes much use of marble in the entrance hall and flanking staircases , although the galleries as originally designed were white with restrained classical detail and mouldings , very much in contrast to the elaborate decoration of the victorian galleries , although much of this decoration was removed in the early 20th century .
bedau also notes , though , that the very harmlessness of such entirely symbolic illegal protests toward public policy goals may serve a propaganda purpose .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute .
at the same time , the available evidence provides little support for the view that u.s.-style labor-market flexibility dramatically improves labor-market outcomes .
this included many old episodes of doctor who , mostly stories featuring the first two doctors : william hartnell and patrick troughton .
the latin translation de materia medica ( concerning medical substances ) was used a basis for many medieval texts , and was built upon by many middle eastern scientists during the islamic golden age .
treaties apply as soon as they enter into force , unless stated otherwise , and are generally concluded for an unlimited period .
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall .
during his stay at wartburg , which he referred to as " my patmos " , luther translated the new testament from greek into german and poured out doctrinal and polemical writings .
conservative mp alec shelbrooke was proposing the payments of benefits and tax credits on a " welfare cash card " , in the style of the supplemental nutrition assistance program , that could be used to buy only " essentials " .
on 6 november 1915 , a reuters news agency report from london had the 1915 nobel prize in physics awarded to thomas edison and nikola tesla ; however , on 15 november , a reuters story from stockholm stated the prize that year was being awarded to sir william henry bragg and william lawrence bragg " for their services in the analysis of crystal structure by means of x-rays .
examples include the huguenot district and french church street in cork city ; and d'olier street in dublin , named after a high sheriff and one of the founders of the bank of ireland .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
tension with paris led to a siege by the royal army in 1622. peace terms called for the dismantling of the city 's fortifications .
the construction of delta works changed the delta in the second half of the 20th century fundamentally .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
after the german invasion of poland on 1 september 1939 began the second world war , warsaw was defended till september 27. central poland , including warsaw , came under the rule of the general government , a german nazi colonial administration .
chloroplasts stimulate both responses by purposely damaging their photosynthetic system , producing reactive oxygen species .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
these chloroplasts , which can be traced back directly to a cyanobacterial ancestor , are known as primary plastids ( " plastid " in this context means almost the same thing as chloroplast ) .
from 2006 garda vetting has been introduced for new entrants to the teaching profession .
according to the uk government 's returned 2001 census information , the city of newcastle had a population of 189,863 , whereas the metropolitan borough of newcastle had a population of around 259,000. newcastle has a population of 282,442 according to the office for national statistics .
the law requires that the gp practice be located in a designated rural area and that there is also a specified , minimum distance ( currently 1.6 kilometres ) between a patient 's home and the nearest retail pharmacy .
all fats , fatty acids , amino acids , and proteins contain oxygen ( due to the presence of carbonyl groups in these acids and their ester residues ) .
the first huguenots to leave france sought freedom from persecution in switzerland and the netherlands .
warsaw was occupied by germany from 4 august 1915 until november 1918. the allied armistice terms required in article 12 that germany withdraw from areas controlled by russia in 1914 , which included warsaw .
almost all the rocks show evidence of impact process effects .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
for a while , frame relay was used to interconnect lans across wide area networks . however , x.25 and well as frame relay have been supplanted by the internet protocol ( ip ) at the network layer , and the asynchronous transfer mode ( atm ) and or versions of multi-protocol label switching ( mpls ) at layer two .
the emphasis on spiritual mentorship in the lds church is similar to that in the more " low-church " traditions of protestantism , with a stronger emphasis placed on the husband and father of a family to provide spiritual guidance for all of his family , ideally in consultation with his wife , even if the husband is not a member of the lds church , based on interpretatios of certain biblical texts which proclaim the spiritual authority of husbands in marriage .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
evolution of the adaptive immune system occurred in an ancestor of the jawed vertebrates .
victoria 's total gross state product ( gsp ) is ranked second in australia , although victoria is ranked fourth in terms of gsp per capita because of its limited mining activity .
a french church in portarlington dates back to 1696 , and was built to serve the significant new huguenot community in the town .
the coordinating lead authors are responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors , ensuring that they meet stylistic and formatting requirements , and reporting to the working group chairs .
at the 1996 general conference the ordination order of transitional deacon was abolished .
before genghis khan died , he assigned ögedei khan as his successor and split his empire into khanates among his sons and grandsons .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
article 102 allows the european council to regulations to govern mergers between firms ( the current regulation is the regulation 139/2004/ec ) .
historically , the methodist church has supported the temperance movement .
this viewpoint is supported by the educational attainment of countries—in east asia for instance—that combine strict discipline with high standards of education .
chinese physicians were brought along military campaigns by the mongols as they expanded towards the west .
among these are the oriental institute—a museum and research center for near eastern studies owned and operated by the university—and a number of national resource centers , including the center for middle eastern studies .
mercury/gemini veteran wally schirra , eisele , and rookie walter cunningham were announced on september 29 as the prime crew for as-205 .
lepidodinium is the only dinophyte that has a chloroplast that 's not from the rhodoplast lineage .
the programme was relaunched in 2005 by russell t davies , who was showrunner and head writer for the first five years of its revival , produced in-house by bbc wales in cardiff .
there are approximately 22,000 objects in the collection that cover the period from about 400 ad to 1914. this covers among other periods byzantine and anglo saxon ivory sculptures , british , french and spanish medieval statues and carvings , the renaissance , baroque , neo-classical , victorian and art nouveau periods .
the genghis khan mausoleum , constructed many years after his death , is his memorial , but not his burial site .
southern california is divided culturally , politically , and economically into distinctive regions , each containing its own culture and atmosphere , anchored usually by a city with both national and sometimes global recognition , which are often the hub of economic activity for its respective region and being home to many tourist destinations .
however , kusala suddenly died only four days after a banquet with tugh temür .
in england , in the absence of census figures , historians propose a range of preincident population figures from as high as 7 million to as low as 4 million in 1300 , and a postincident population figure as low as 2 million .
it is possible to use a mechanism based on a pistonless rotary engine such as the wankel engine in place of the cylinders and valve gear of a conventional reciprocating steam engine .
all of the u. s. flags left on the moon during the apollo missions were found to still be standing , with the exception of the one left during the apollo 11 mission , which was blown over during that mission 's lift-off from the lunar surface and return to the mission command module in lunar orbit ; the degree to which these flags retain their original colors remains unknown .
begter , temujin 's older half-brother , began to exercise the power of the eldest male in the family and eventually temujin 's mother hoelun ( not begter 's mother ) would have to accept him as her husband if and when he became an adult .
this meant that high tide formed a serious risk because strong tidal currents could tear huge areas of land into the sea .
one of the largest items is the hereford screen , weighing nearly 8 tonnes , 10.5 metres high and 11 metres wide , designed by sir george gilbert scott in 1862 for the chancel in hereford cathedral , from which it was removed in 1967. it was made by skidmore & company .
as of august 2010 , victoria had 1,548 public schools , 489 catholic schools and 214 independent schools .
clergy are members of their annual conference rather than of any local congregation , and are appointed to a local church or other charge annually by the conference 's resident bishop at the meeting of the annual conference .
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time .
many han chinese and khitan defected to the mongols to fight against the jin .
various species of poison dart frogs secrete lipophilic alkaloid toxins through their flesh .
as opposed to broadcasts of primetime series , cbs broadcast special episodes of its late night talk shows as its lead-out programs for super bowl 50 , beginning with a special episode of the late show with stephen colbert following the game .
one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection is the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet dated c1750 from germany , with especially fine marquetry and ormolu mounts .
after liberation , rebuilding began as in other cities of the communist-ruled prl .
non-hispanic whites were 30.0 % of the population in 2010 , down from 72.6 % in 1970 .
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball .
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " .
defensive ends derek wolfe and malik jackson each had 5½ sacks .
he even lost control of the patents he had generated since he had assigned them to the company in lieu of stock .
in 1862 , the tesla family moved to gospić , austrian empire , where tesla 's father worked as a pastor .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school .
another definition for southern california uses point conception and the tehachapi mountains as the northern boundary .
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum .
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei .
the situation in new france was further exacerbated by a poor harvest in 1757 , a difficult winter , and the allegedly corrupt machinations of françois bigot , the intendant of the territory .
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated .
in 2005 , the series came first in a survey by sfx magazine of " the greatest uk science fiction and fantasy television series ever " .
in 1862 , the tesla family moved to gospić , austrian empire , where tesla 's father worked as a pastor .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
the doctor rarely travels alone and often brings one or more companions to share these adventures .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
the measurement is technically difficult owing to the low signal-to-noise ratio and the physical structure of vegetation ; but it has been proposed as a possible method of monitoring the carbon cycle from satellites on a global scale .
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period .
the main sources of primary law are the treaties establishing the european union .
its main component is a statocyst , a balance sensor consisting of a statolith , a solid particle supported on four bundles of cilia , called " balancers " , that sense its orientation .
cyanobacteria also contain a peptidoglycan cell wall , which is thicker than in other gram-negative bacteria , and which is located between their two cell membranes .
the skin and respiratory tract secrete antimicrobial peptides such as the β-defensins .
under the deal , the president would appoint cabinet ministers from both pnu and odm camps depending on each party 's strength in parliament .
because oil was priced in dollars , oil producers ' real income decreased .
another influence is the geographical phrase south of the tehachapis , which would split the southern region off at the crest of that transverse range , but in that definition , the desert portions of north los angeles county and eastern kern and san bernardino counties would be included in the southern california region due to their remoteness from the central valley and interior desert landscape .
the peridinin chloroplast is bounded by three membranes ( occasionally two ) , having lost the red algal endosymbiont 's original cell membrane .
sayyid abul ala maududi was an important early twentieth-century figure in the islamic revival in india , and then after independence from britain , in pakistan .
environmentalists are concerned about loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest , and also about the release of the carbon contained within the vegetation , which could accelerate global warming .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
mission controllers were able to use the service module engine to essentially repeat the flight profile of apollo 4. based on the good performance of apollo 6 and identification of satisfactory fixes to the apollo 6 problems , nasa declared the saturn v ready to fly men , cancelling a third unmanned test .
they only pupate and then emerge from their burrows after 7 , 13 or 17 years , at which point they fly about , breed , and then die after a few weeks at most .
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage .
in time , kublai khan 's successors lost all influence on other mongol lands across asia , while the mongols beyond the middle kingdom saw them as too chinese .
budget cuts forced the cancellation of three of these .
martin luther was born to hans luder ( or ludher , later luther ) and his wife margarethe ( née lindemann ) on 10 november 1483 in eisleben , saxony , then part of the holy roman empire .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size .
of the original 390 settlers in the isolated settlement , many had died ; others lived outside town on farms in the english style ; and others moved to different areas .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
like the lombardi trophy , the " 50 " will be designed by tiffany & co .
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china .
started by telecom australia in the early 1980s , austpac was australia 's first public packet-switched data network , supporting applications such as on-line betting , financial applications — the australian tax office made use of austpac — and remote terminal access to academic institutions , who maintained their connections to austpac up until the mid-late 1990s in some cases .
while bskyb had been excluded from being a part of the ondigital consortium , thereby making them a competitor by default , bskyb was able to join itv digital 's free-to-air replacement , freeview , in which it holds an equal stake with the bbc , itv , channel 4 and national grid wireless .
previous research on early hominids is particularly identified with mary leakey and louis leakey , who were responsible for the preliminary archaeological research at olorgesailie and hyrax hill .
the private 'un-aided ' schools are fully funded by private parties .
the san bernardino-riverside area maintains the business districts of downtown san bernardino , hospitality business/financial centre , university town which are in san bernardino and downtown riverside .
in general , there are three sectors of construction : buildings , infrastructure and industrial .
however , if the forces are acting on an extended body , their respective lines of application must also be specified in order to account for their effects on the motion of the body .
after prussia unified the other states into the second german empire after the franco-german war , its long-time chancellor , otto von bismarck ( 1862–90 ) , long opposed colonial acquisitions , arguing that the burden of obtaining , maintaining , and defending such possessions would outweigh any potential benefits .
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable .
warsaw is located on two main geomorphologic formations : the plain moraine plateau and the vistula valley with its asymmetrical pattern of different terraces .
among other grand ceremonies was a double coronation : richard caused himself to be crowned king of cyprus , and berengaria queen of england and queen of cyprus as well .
the competence for the union to do this was contested in 2005 at the court of justice resulting in a victory for the commission .
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices .
they include parochial schools , a term which is often used to denote roman catholic schools .
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor .
in contrast , autoimmunity results from a hyperactive immune system attacking normal tissues as if they were foreign organisms .
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us .
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism .
the victoria and albert museum ( often abbreviated as the v & a ) , london , is the world 's largest museum of decorative arts and design , housing a permanent collection of over 4.5 million objects .
chloroplasts have their own ribosomes , which they use to synthesize a small fraction of their proteins .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
common cytokines include interleukins that are responsible for communication between white blood cells ; chemokines that promote chemotaxis ; and interferons that have anti-viral effects , such as shutting down protein synthesis in the host cell .
the earliest known reference to immunity was during the plague of athens in 430 bc .
proplastids are commonly found in an adult plant 's apical meristems .
this reduces exposure and protects them from photooxidative damage .
during reconstruction and the gilded age , jacksonville and nearby st. augustine became popular winter resorts for the rich and famous .
the parish church of st andrew is traditionally recognised as 'the oldest church in this town ' .
after a grand jury was convened to investigate , 11 officials were indicted and more were forced to resign .
ögedei offered his nephew kublai a position in xingzhou , hebei .
another master plan , designed in 1999 and updated in 2004 , produced the gerald ratner athletics center ( 2003 ) , the max palevsky residential commons ( 2001 ) , south campus residence hall and dining commons ( 2009 ) , a new children 's hospital , and other construction , expansions , and restorations .
such safety valves traditionally used a simple lever to restrain a plug valve in the top of a boiler .
for instance , the time hierarchy theorem tells us that p is strictly contained in exptime , and the space hierarchy theorem tells us that l is strictly contained in pspace .
his theology challenged the authority and office of the pope by teaching that the bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge from god and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all baptized christians to be a holy priesthood .
roughly contemporaneous with maududi was the founding of the muslim brotherhood in ismailiyah , egypt in 1928 by hassan al banna .
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism .
nasa discontinued the manned block i program , using the block i spacecraft only for unmanned saturn v flights .
merit network , inc. , an independent non-profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) corporation governed by michigan 's public universities , was formed in 1966 as the michigan educational research information triad to explore computer networking between three of michigan 's public universities as a means to help the state 's educational and economic development .
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions .
falls are one of the most common causes of fatal and non-fatal injuries among construction workers .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
in 1984 zoologist graham twigg produced the first major work to challenge the bubonic plague theory directly , and his doubts about the identity of the black death have been taken up by a number of authors , including samuel k. cohn , jr. ( 2002 ) , david herlihy ( 1997 ) , and susan scott and christopher duncan ( 2001 ) .
the scottish parliament has the power to legislate in all areas that are not explicitly reserved to westminster .
on the very northern edge of the site is situated the secretariat wing , also built in 1862 this houses the offices and board room etc .
the descendants of rollo 's vikings and their frankish wives would replace the norse religion and old norse language with catholicism ( christianity ) and the gallo-romance language of the local people , blending their maternal frankish heritage with old norse traditions and customs to synthesize a unique " norman " culture in the north of france .
by contrast , the vast majority of the population is dependent on income in the form of a wage or salary .
the " west side " of fresno , also often called " southwest fresno " , is one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city .
in 1873 , tesla returned to his birthtown , smiljan .
from opposite sides of the body extends a pair of long , slender tentacles , each housed in a sheath into which it can be withdrawn .
the justification for this is that a lack of education leads directly to lower incomes , and thus lower aggregate savings and investment .
71 % of its imported oil came from the middle east in 1970. on november 7 , 1973 , the saudi and kuwaiti governments declared japan a " nonfriendly " country to encourage it to change its noninvolvement policy .
after malaysia 's independence in 1957 , the government instructed all schools to surrender their properties and be assimilated into the national school system .
juzjani suggests that the disagreement arose from a quarrel between jochi and his brothers in the siege of urgench .
more than 1 million people are expected to attend the festivities in san francisco during super bowl week .
most platyctenida have oval bodies that are flattened in the oral-aboral direction , with a pair of tentilla-bearing tentacles on the aboral surface .
the chloroplast membranes sometimes protrude out into the cytoplasm , forming a stromule , or stroma-containing tubule .
these tandem effects result ultimately in the conservation of mechanical energy since the work done on the load is the same no matter how complicated the machine .
watt independently discovered latent heat , which was confirmed by the original discoverer joseph black , who also advised watt on experimental procedures .
virtually all nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator .
from december 1539 , luther became implicated in the bigamy of philip i , landgrave of hesse , who wanted to marry one of his wife 's ladies-in-waiting .
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010. that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004. ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase .
he would even have his mother adopt orphans from the conquered tribe , bringing them into his family .
in 1914 developers billings & meyering acquired the tract , completed street development , provided the last of the necessary municipal improvements including water service , and began marketing the property with fervor .
king david i of scotland , whose elder brother alexander i had married sybilla of normandy , was instrumental in introducing normans and norman culture to scotland , part of the process some scholars call the " davidian revolution " .
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated .
in official chinese histories , the yuan dynasty bore the mandate of heaven , following the song dynasty and preceding the ming dynasty .
for many geologic applications , isotope ratios of radioactive elements are measured in minerals that give the amount of time that has passed since a rock passed through its particular closure temperature , the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force .
the programme 's first serial , an unearthly child , shows that the doctor has a granddaughter , susan foreman .
the act delineates the legislative competence of the parliament – the areas in which it can make laws – by explicitly specifying powers that are " reserved " to the parliament of the united kingdom .
the physician wei yilin ( 1277–1347 ) invented a suspension method for reducing dislocated joints , which he performed using anesthetics .
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction .
in their only other super bowl win in super bowl xxxii , denver wore blue jerseys , which was their primary color at the time .
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs .
for example , it is not uncommon for mongolians to refer to their country as " genghis khan 's mongolia " , to themselves as " genghis khan 's children " , and to genghis khan as the " father of the mongols " especially among the younger generation .
internet2 is a not-for-profit united states computer networking consortium led by members from the research and education communities , industry , and government .
it is planned that it could open within five years .
following the 9/11 attacks , however , abu hamza al-masri , the imam of the finsbury park mosque , was arrested and charged with incitement to terrorism which has caused many islamists to leave the uk to avoid internment .
on december 22 , disney–abc television group announced a partnership with apple inc. to make individual episodes of abc and disney channel programs available for purchase on itunes .
norwood had not done so , and with no resistance around him , he took off for a super bowl record 61-yard return before mario addison dragged him down on the panthers 14-yard line .
by the pliocene period , the rhine had captured streams down to the vosges mountains , including the mosel , the main and the neckar .
only four main interactions are known : in order of decreasing strength , they are : strong , electromagnetic , weak , and gravitational .
longer term plans include the procurement of an entirely new fleet of trains and further extensions to the system .
another definition for southern california uses point conception and the tehachapi mountains as the northern boundary .
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring ( 500 points ) , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections .
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality .
supplementary sources of european union law include case law by the court of justice , international law and general principles of european union law .
this antigen/antibody complex is taken up by the b cell and processed by proteolysis into peptides .
if the water level drops , such that the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly , the lead melts and the steam escapes , warning the operators , who may then manually suppress the fire .
oxygen is the most abundant element by mass in the earth 's crust as part of oxide compounds such as silicon dioxide , making up almost half of the crust 's mass .
warsaw produces 12 % of poland 's national income , which in 2008 was 305.1 % of the polish average , per capita ( or 160 % of the european union average ) .
over time , wealth condensation can significantly contribute to the persistence of inequality within society .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
the innate immune system is the dominant system of host defense in most organisms .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
newcastle upon tyne ( rp : i/ˌnjuːkɑːsəl əˌpɒn ˈtaɪn/ ; locally : i/njuːˌkæsəl əˌpən ˈtaɪn/ ) , commonly known as newcastle , is a city in tyne and wear , north east england , 103 miles ( 166 km ) south of edinburgh and 277 miles ( 446 km ) north of london on the northern bank of the river tyne , 8.5 mi ( 13.7 km ) from the north sea .
members of the united methodist church who identify with the pro-life position have organized into the taskforce of united methodists on abortion and sexuality ( tumas ) to further their position within the denomination .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased .
in bays where they occur in very high numbers , predation by ctenophores may control the populations of small zooplanktonic organisms such as copepods , which might otherwise wipe out the phytoplankton ( planktonic plants ) , which are a vital part of marine food chains .
cash flow problems exist when the present amount of funding can not cover the current costs for labour and materials , and because they are a matter of having sufficient funds at a specific time , can arise even when the overall total is enough .
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america .
during 2003–04 , the gross value of victorian agricultural production increased by 17 % to $ 8.7 billion .
waterlogged roots can also cause starch buildup in the chloroplasts , possibly due to less sucrose being exported out of the chloroplast ( or more accurately , the plant cell ) .
following the congress of vienna of 1815 , warsaw became the centre of the congress poland , a constitutional monarchy under a personal union with imperial russia .
hormones can act as immunomodulators , altering the sensitivity of the immune system .
at the time of their marriage , katharina was 26 years old and luther was 41 years old .
as he studied these portions of the bible , he came to view the use of terms such as penance and righteousness by the catholic church in new ways .
some remote sensing scientists have proposed using the measurement of the radiance coming from vegetation canopies in those bands to characterize plant health status from a satellite platform .
while in most cases importation of prescription medications violates food and drug administration ( fda ) regulations and federal laws , enforcement is generally targeted at international drug suppliers , rather than consumers .
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus .
today , warsaw has some of the best medical facilities in poland and east-central europe .
she gave birth to a son , jochi ( 1185–1226 ) , nine months later , clouding the issue of his parentage .
the network 's flagship owned-and-operated station , wjz-tv in new york city ( later re-called wabc-tv ) , signed on the air on august 10 , 1948 , with its first broadcast running for two hours that evening .
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church .
following the conservative victory in the 2015 uk election , standing orders of the house of commons were changed to give mps representing english constituencies a new " veto " over laws only affecting england .
he also realised that such administrators could not be found among his mongol people because they were nomads and thus had no experience governing cities .
on 10 january 1943 , new york city mayor fiorello la guardia read a eulogy written by slovene-american author louis adamic live over the wnyc radio while violin pieces " ave maria " and " tamo daleko " were played in the background .
some of the best rally drivers in the world have taken part in and won the rally , such as björn waldegård , hannu mikkola , tommi mäkinen , shekhar mehta , carlos sainz and colin mcrae .
in the course of the polish-bolshevik war of 1920 , the huge battle of warsaw was fought on the eastern outskirts of the city in which the capital was successfully defended and the red army defeated .
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas .
zia-ul-haq was much more committed to islamism , and " islamization " or implementation of islamic law , became a cornerstone of his eleven-year military dictatorship and islamism became his " official state ideology " .
thus , on 1 august 1944 , as the red army was nearing the city , the warsaw uprising began .
overactive immune responses comprise the other end of immune dysfunction , particularly the autoimmune disorders .
if pathogens successfully evade the innate response , vertebrates possess a second layer of protection , the adaptive immune system , which is activated by the innate response .
in this respect it is noteworthy that the bbc takes no position on the canonicity of any of such stories , and producers of the show have expressed distaste for the idea .
threatening government officials is another classic way of expressing defiance toward the government and unwillingness to stand for its policies .
that project was entitled the factory project to reference andy warhol and to create a factory to completely digitize the collection .
the merged company , renamed american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc. and headquartered in the paramount building at 1501 broadway in manhattan , owned six am and several fm radio stations , five television stations and 644 cinemas in 300 u.s. cities .
the english name " normans " comes from the french words normans/normanz , plural of normant , modern french normand , which is itself borrowed from old low franconian nortmann " northman " or directly from old norse norðmaðr , latinized variously as nortmannus , normannus , or nordmannus ( recorded in medieval latin , 9th century ) to mean " norseman , viking " .
this law also exists in austria for general physicians if the nearest pharmacy is more than 4 kilometers away , or where none is registered in the city .
islamists were considered by western governments bulwarks against—what were thought to be at the time—more dangerous leftist/communist/nationalist insurgents/opposition , which islamists were correctly seen as opposing .
the original theme was composed by ron grainer and realised by delia derbyshire of the bbc radiophonic workshop , with assistance from dick mills .
in contrast , catastrophism is the theory that earth 's features formed in single , catastrophic events and remained unchanged thereafter .
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
in 1891 scottish chemist james dewar was able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study .
compact trucks were introduced , such as the toyota hilux and the datsun truck , followed by the mazda truck ( sold as the ford courier ) , and the isuzu-built chevrolet luv .
newcastle is a member of the english core cities group and is a member of the eurocities network of european cities .
watt independently discovered latent heat , which was confirmed by the original discoverer joseph black , who also advised watt on experimental procedures .
in modern particle physics , forces and the acceleration of particles are explained as a mathematical by-product of exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons .
the neighborhood features restaurants , live theater and nightclubs , as well as several independent shops and bookstores , currently operating on or near olive avenue , and all within a few hundred feet of each other .
confucius 's descendants in quzhou alone number 30,000. during the yuan dynasty , one of confucius ' descendants moved from china to goryeo era korea and established a branch of the family there after marrying a korean woman .
as the andes mountains rose , however , a large basin was created that enclosed a lake ; now known as the solimões basin .
the german invasion in 1939 , the massacre of the jewish population and deportations to concentration camps led to the uprising in the warsaw ghetto in 1943 and to the major and devastating warsaw uprising between august and october 1944. warsaw gained the title of the " phoenix city " because it has survived many wars , conflicts and invasions throughout its long history .
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines .
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen .
wiesner kept up the pressure , even making the disagreement public during a two-day september visit by the president to marshall space flight center .
in honor of the 50th super bowl , the pregame ceremony featured the on-field introduction of 39 of the 43 previous super bowl most valuable players .
wild designed the impressive staircase that rises the full height of the building , made from cadeby stone the steps are 7 feet ( 2.1 m ) in length , the balustrades and columns are portland stone .
policies aiming at controlling unemployment and in particular at reducing its inequality-associated effects support economic growth .
all humans are sinners by nature , he explained , and god 's grace ( which can not be earned ) alone can make them just .
however , this was replaced by sky three on 31 october 2005 , which was itself later re-branded as 'pick tv ' in 2011 .
notable exceptions were : the daleks ' master plan , which aired in 12 episodes ( plus an earlier one-episode teaser , " mission to the unknown " , featuring none of the regular cast ) ; almost an entire season of seven-episode serials ( season 7 ) ; the 10-episode serial the war games ; and the trial of a time lord , which ran for 14 episodes ( albeit divided into three production codes and four narrative segments ) during season 23. occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy .
the first recorded settlement in what is now newcastle was pons aelius , a roman fort and bridge across the river tyne .
the european court of justice is the highest court able to interpret european union law .
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations .
during a tour of thuringia , he became enraged at the widespread burning of convents , monasteries , bishops ' palaces , and libraries .
genghis told chu'tsai , who was a lineal descendant of khitan rulers , that he had avenged chu'tsai 's forefathers .
france concentrated its forces against prussia and its allies in the european theatre of the war .
the urban area is also host to an international metropolitan region in the form of san diego–tijuana , created by the urban area spilling over into baja california .
newton came to realize that the effects of gravity might be observed in different ways at larger distances .
by the early 20th century , mathematicians began to accept that 1 is not a prime number , but rather forms its own special category as a " unit " .
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776. britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820. by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world .
the block of west end avenue housing the abc news building was renamed peter jennings way in 2006 in honor of the recently deceased longtime abc news chief anchor and anchor of world news tonight .
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health .
according to the uk government 's returned 2001 census information , the city of newcastle had a population of 189,863 , whereas the metropolitan borough of newcastle had a population of around 259,000. newcastle has a population of 282,442 according to the office for national statistics .
the mongols defeated the loyalists at the battle of yamen in 1279. the last song emperor drowned , bringing an end to the song dynasty .
kenya 's services sector , which contributes 61 % of gdp , is dominated by tourism .
kenya ’ s armed forces , like many government institutions in the country , have been tainted by corruption allegations .
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " .
stagecoach is the primary operator in the city proper , with cross-city services mainly between both the west and east ends via the city centre with some services extending out to the metrocentre , killingworth , wallsend and ponteland .
this extends to the personal video recorder ( pvr ) offering ( branded sky+ ) .
in official chinese histories , the yuan dynasty bore the mandate of heaven , following the song dynasty and preceding the ming dynasty .
because of its unpaired electrons , triplet oxygen reacts only slowly with most organic molecules , which have paired electron spins ; this prevents spontaneous combustion .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation .
norman customary law was transcribed in two customaries in latin by two judges for use by them and their colleagues : these are the très ancien coutumier ( very ancient customary ) , authored between 1200 and 1245 ; and the grand coutumier de normandie ( great customary of normandy , originally summa de legibus normanniae in curia laïcali ) , authored between 1235 and 1245 .
tvontario picked up the show in 1976 beginning with the three doctors and aired each series ( several years late ) through to series 24 in 1991. from 1979 to 1981 , tvo airings were bookended by science-fiction writer judith merril who would introduce the episode and then , after the episode concluded , try to place it in an educational context in keeping with tvo 's status as an educational channel .
22 % of gdp still comes from the unreliable agricultural sector which employs 75 % of the labour force ( a consistent characteristic of under-developed economies that have not attained food security – an important catalyst of economic growth ) a small portion of the population relies on food aid .
these façades surround four levels of galleries .
continuing the style of the earlier buildings , various designers were responsible for the decoration , the terracotta embellishments were again the work of godfrey sykes , although sgraffito was used to decorate the east side of the building designed by f. w. moody , a final embellishment were the wrought iron gates made as late as 1885 designed by starkie gardner , these lead to a passage through the building .
in week 10 , manning suffered a partial tear of the plantar fasciitis in his left foot .
stratigraphers also analyze data from geophysical surveys that show the locations of stratigraphic units in the subsurface .
research by harvard economist robert barro , found that there is " little overall relation between income inequality and rates of growth and investment " .
extraordinary general elections are in addition to ordinary general elections , unless held less than six months before the due date of an ordinary general election , in which case they supplant it .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
he told washington that france 's claim to the region was superior to that of the british , since rené-robert cavelier , sieur de la salle had explored the ohio country nearly a century earlier .
a teacher may follow standardized curricula as determined by the relevant authority .
although maududi talked about islamic revolution , by " revolution " he meant not the violence or populist policies of the iranian revolution , but the gradual changing the hearts and minds of individuals from the top of society downward through an educational process or da'wah .
the phrase " hiding behind ( or 'watching from behind ' ) the sofa " entered british pop culture , signifying in humour the stereotypical early-series behaviour of children who wanted to avoid seeing frightening parts of a television programme while remaining in the room to watch the remainder of it .
the episode " vincent and the doctor " was shortlisted for a mind award at the 2010 mind mental health media awards for its " touching " portrayal of vincent van gogh .
since agoa took effect in 2000 , kenya 's clothing sales to the united states increased from us $ 44 million to us $ 270 million ( 2006 ) .
as northwest europe slowly began to warm up from 22,000 years ago onward , frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers began to thaw and fall-winter snow covers melted in spring .
in this cycle a pump is used to pressurize the working fluid which is received from the condenser as a liquid not as a gas .
conversely , in geven v land nordrhein-westfalen the court of justice held that a dutch woman living in the netherlands , but working between 3 and 14 hours a week in germany , did not have a right to receive german child benefits , even though the wife of a man who worked full-time in germany but was resident in austria could .
according to geoffrey parker , " france alone lost almost a million people to the plague in the epidemic of 1628–31 . "
the grateful king bestowed the motto " fortiter defendit triumphans " ( " triumphing by a brave defence " ) upon the town .
among the cities that line the kenyan coast is the city of malindi .
in the later 19th century , the increasing backlash against industrialization , led by john ruskin , contributed to the arts and crafts movement .
in foster v british gas plc the court of justice held that mrs foster was entitled to bring a sex discrimination claim against her employer , british gas plc , which made women retire at age 60 and men at 65 , if ( 1 ) pursuant to a state measure , ( 2 ) it provided a public service , and ( 3 ) had special powers .
before world war i , tesla sought overseas investors .
an example is hiv , which mutates rapidly , so the proteins on its viral envelope that are essential for entry into its host target cell are constantly changing .
wrapped around the grana are helicoid stromal thylakoids , also known as frets or lamellar thylakoids .
southern california is divided culturally , politically , and economically into distinctive regions , each containing its own culture and atmosphere , anchored usually by a city with both national and sometimes global recognition , which are often the hub of economic activity for its respective region and being home to many tourist destinations .
on tesla 's 75th birthday in 1931 , time magazine put him on its cover .
such engines use either three or four expansion stages and are known as triple and quadruple expansion engines respectively .
since the 2005 revival , the doctor generally travels with a primary female companion , who occupies a larger narrative role .
but when saddam , secularist and ba'athist dictator of neighboring iraq , attacked saudi arabia ( his enemy in the war ) , western troops came to protect the saudi monarchy .
for instance , if t ( n ) = 7n2 + 15n + 40 , in big o notation one would write t ( n ) = o ( n2 ) .
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan .
victoria is the centre of dairy farming in australia .
the effect of luther 's intervention was immediate .
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) .
all three types of rocks may be re-melted ; when this happens , a new magma is formed , from which an igneous rock may once again crystallize .
sir muhammad iqbal was elected president of the muslim league in 1930 at its session in allahabad as well as for the session in lahore in 1932. in his allahabad address on 29 december 1930 , iqbal outlined a vision of an independent state for muslim-majority provinces in northwestern india .
in 1900 , tesla was granted patents for a " system of transmitting electrical energy " and " an electrical transmitter . "
kenya is active in several sports , among them cricket , rallying , football , rugby union and boxing .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
in 1974 , abc premiered the detective series s.w.a.t .
the left side consist mainly of two levels : the highest one contains former flooded terraces and the lowest one the flood plain terrace .
recognition of this mhc : antigen complex is aided by a co-receptor on the t cell , called cd8 .
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923. during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa .
the correlation between capitalism , aristocracy , and imperialism has long been debated among historians and political theorists .
the panthers seemed primed to score on their opening drive of the second half when newton completed a 45-yard pass to ted ginn jr. on the denver 35-yard line on their second offensive play .
in 1854 at ballarat there was an armed rebellion against the government of victoria by miners protesting against mining taxes ( the " eureka stockade " ) .
jacksonville is the largest city by population in the u.s. state of florida , and the largest city by area in the contiguous united states .
most are concentrated in alsace in northeast france and the cévennes mountain region in the south , who still regard themselves as huguenots to this day .
the people of samarkand were ordered to evacuate and assemble in a plain outside the city , where they were killed and pyramids of severed heads raised as a symbol of victory .
the current mandatory committees in the fourth session of the scottish parliament are : public audit ; equal opportunities ; european and external relations ; finance ; public petitions ; standards , procedures and public appointments ; and delegated powers and law reform .
new techniques of building construction are being researched , made possible by advances in 3d printing technology .
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway .
a teacher must guide his student in aligning his personal goals with his academic goals .
building construction is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings .
by the 1970s , the brotherhood had renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals .
immediately after decision time a " members debate " is held , which lasts for 45 minutes .
oxfam 's claims have however been questioned on the basis of the methodology used : by using net wealth ( adding up assets and subtracting debts ) , the oxfam report , for instance , finds that there are more poor people in the united states and western europe than in china ( due to a greater tendency to take on debts ) .
a resurgence came in the late 19th century , with the scramble for africa and major additions in asia and the middle east .
he had been mentored by li meng , a confucian academic .
the original logo used for the first doctor ( and briefly for the second doctor ) was reused in a slightly modified format for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " during the eleventh doctor 's run .
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " .
sir charles lyell first published his famous book , principles of geology , in 1830. this book , which influenced the thought of charles darwin , successfully promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
a large scale digitization project began in 2007 in that department .
the v & a theatre & performance galleries , formerly the theatre museum , opened in march 2009. the collections are stored by the v & a , and are available for research , exhibitions and other shows .
cryptophyte chloroplasts contain a nucleomorph that superficially resembles that of the chlorarachniophytes .
michael mullett considers this speech as a " world classic of epoch-making oratory . "
the judicial council is the highest court in the denomination .
the extent of hadrian 's wall was 73 miles ( 117 km ) , spanning the width of britain ; the wall incorporated the vallum , a large rearward ditch with parallel mounds , and was constructed primarily for defence , to prevent unwanted immigration and the incursion of pictish tribes from the north , not as a fighting line for a major invasion .
the rhine roughly forms the german-swiss border from lake constance with the exceptions of the canton of schaffhausen and parts of the cantons of zürich and basel-stadt , until it turns north at the so-called rhine knee at basel , leaving switzerland .
in the southern north sea , due to ongoing tectonic subsidence , the sea level is still rising , at the rate of about 1–3 cm ( 0.39–1.18 in ) per century ( 1 metre or 39 inches in last 3000 years ) .
two han chinese leaders , shi tianze , liu heima ( 劉黑馬 , liu ni ) , and the khitan xiao zhala ( 蕭札剌 ) defected and commanded the 3 tumens in the mongol army .
when the script was presented to newman and wilson it was immediately rejected as the programme was not permitted to contain any " bug-eyed monsters " .
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen .
a new development in the ouseburn valley has recreated them ; architects cany ash and robert sakula were attracted by the possibilities of high density without building high and getting rid of common areas .
on 7 january 1943 , at the age of 86 , tesla died alone in room 3327 of the new yorker hotel .
it is a common misconception to ascribe the stiffness and rigidity of solid matter to the repulsion of like charges under the influence of the electromagnetic force .
in 1975 , season 11 of the series won a writers ' guild of great britain award for best writing in a children 's serial .
along the same lines , co-np is the class containing the complement problems ( i.e .
where professional and labor organizations can not limit the number of workers ) the workers wages will not be controlled by these organizations , or by the employer , but rather by the market .
mortgage bankers , accountants , and cost engineers are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project .
the preparation and approval process for all ipcc special reports follows the same procedures as for ipcc assessment reports .
only four main interactions are known : in order of decreasing strength , they are : strong , electromagnetic , weak , and gravitational .
tumor cells often have a reduced number of mhc class i molecules on their surface , thus avoiding detection by killer t cells .
in 1507 , he was ordained to the priesthood , and in 1508 , von staupitz , first dean of the newly founded university of wittenberg , sent for luther , to teach theology .
in 1903 , harvard stadium introduced a new era into football with the first-ever permanent reinforced concrete stadium of its kind in the country .
the warsaw uprising museum also operates a rare preserved and operating historic stereoscopic theatre , the warsaw fotoplastikon .
these foreign bodies are picked up as magma or lava flows , and are incorporated , later to cool in the matrix .
dynamic equilibrium was first described by galileo who noticed that certain assumptions of aristotelian physics were contradicted by observations and logic .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden .
2002 saw the debut of the network 's first hit reality series , the bachelor ( the elimination-style dating show 's success led to a spinoff , the bachelorette , which premiered the following year , as well as two additional spinoffs that later debuted in the early 2010s ) .
wiesner blurted out " no , that 's no good " in front of the press , during a presentation by von braun .
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible .
however , kublai rejected plans to revive the confucian imperial examinations and divided yuan society into three , later four , classes with the han chinese occupying the lowest rank .
in 1926 , tesla commented on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality , and indicated that humanity 's future would be run by " queen bees . "
the names of at least six daughters are known , and while they played significant roles behind the scenes during his lifetime , no documents have survived that definitively provide the number or names of daughters born to the consorts of genghis khan .
in wesel , 30 km downstream of duisburg , is located the western end of the second east-west shipping route , the wesel-datteln canal , which runs parallel to the lippe .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
environmentalists are concerned about loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest , and also about the release of the carbon contained within the vegetation , which could accelerate global warming .
the riba 's holdings of over 330 drawings by andrea palladio are the largest in the world , other europeans well represented are jacques gentilhatre and antonio visentini .
however , the doctor 's tardis remains fixed as a blue british police box due to a malfunction in the chameleon circuit .
administrator webb realized that in order to keep apollo costs under control , he had to develop greater project management skills in his organization , so he recruited dr. george e. mueller for a high management job .
christopher j. probst in his book demonizing the jews : luther and the protestant church in nazi germany ( 2012 ) , shows that a large number of german lutheran clergy and theologians during the nazi third reich used luther 's hostile publications towards the jews and their jewish religion to justify at least in part the anti-semitic policies of the national socialists .
a steady stream of oxygen gas is then produced by the exothermic reaction .
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . "
as part of the agreements , both bskyb and virgin media agreed to terminate all high court proceedings against each other relating to the carriage of their respective basic channels .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
the apollo extension series ( apollo x , ) proposed up to 30 flights to earth orbit , using the space in the spacecraft lunar module adapter ( sla ) to house a small orbital laboratory ( workshop ) .
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury .
some legal requirements come from malum in se considerations , or the desire to prevent things that are indisputably bad – bridge collapses or explosions .
in ireland , private schools ( irish : scoil phríobháideach ) are unusual because a certain number of teacher 's salaries are paid by the state .
as well as creating rights for " workers " who generally lack bargaining power in the market , the treaty on the functioning of the european union also protects the " freedom of establishment " in article 49 , and " freedom to provide services " in article 56. in gebhard v consiglio dell ’ ordine degli avvocati e procuratori di milano the court of justice held that to be " established " means to participate in economic life " on a stable and continuous basis " , while providing " services " meant pursuing activity more " on a temporary basis " .
the same report found that 3 % of the surveyed audience regarded the show as " very unsuitable " for family viewing .
inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection .
some authors combined ctenophores and cnidarians in one phylum , coelenterata , as both groups rely on water flow through the body cavity for both digestion and respiration .
reasons for extra-legal ownership include excessive bureaucratic red tape in buying property and building , in some countries it can take over 200 steps and up to 14 years to build on government land .
the place of pharmacists in society was expressly defined in the taihō code ( 701 ) and re-stated in the yōrō code ( 718 ) .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
the principle of inclusions and components states that , with sedimentary rocks , if inclusions ( or clasts ) are found in a formation , then the inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them .
by this definition , civil disobedience could be traced back to the book of exodus , where shiphrah and puah refused a direct order of pharaoh but misrepresented how they did it .
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices .
since its invention in 1269 , the 'phags-pa script , a unified script for spelling mongolian , tibetan , and chinese languages , was preserved in the court until the end of the dynasty .
hobson theorized that state intervention through taxation could boost broader consumption , create wealth , and encourage a peaceful , tolerant , multipolar world order .
this debate has proved difficult to resolve because the practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean that data sampling is biased away from the center of the amazon basin , and both explanations are reasonably well supported by the available data .
the theologian johann eck , however , was determined to expose luther 's doctrine in a public forum .
since there are many known complexity classes between p and pspace , such as rp , bpp , pp , bqp , ma , ph , etc. , it is possible that all these complexity classes collapse to one class .
the pharmacological effect is doubtful ; a placebo effect is a more likely explanation .
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health .
controlled , experimental studies exploring intrinsic motivation of college students has shown that nonverbal expressions of enthusiasm , such as demonstrative gesturing , dramatic movements which are varied , and emotional facial expressions , result in college students reporting higher levels of intrinsic motivation to learn .
government funding for religious schools is either subject to restrictions or possibly forbidden , according to the courts ' interpretation of the establishment clause of the first amendment or individual state blaine amendments .
annual rainfall has ranged from 23.57 inches ( 598.7 mm ) in the “ rain year ” from july 1982 to june 1983 down to 4.43 inches ( 112.5 mm ) from july 1933 to june 1934. the most rainfall in one month was 9.54 inches ( 242.3 mm ) in november 1885 and the most rainfall in 24 hours 3.55 inches ( 90.2 mm ) on november 18 , 1885. measurable precipitation falls on an average of 48 days annually .
this process reduces the efficiency of photosynthesis—it consumes atp and oxygen , releases co2 , and produces no sugar .
there is much debate on this point , as some believe that it is a civil disobedient 's duty to submit to the punishment prescribed by law , while others believe that defending oneself in court will increase the possibility of changing the unjust law .
for this reason , glaucophyte chloroplasts are also known as muroplasts .
luther rarely encountered jews during his life , but his attitudes reflected a theological and cultural tradition which saw jews as a rejected people guilty of the murder of christ , and he lived within a local community that had expelled jews some ninety years earlier .
article 65 of the agreement banned cartels and article 66 made provisions for concentrations , or mergers , and the abuse of a dominant position by companies .
chloroplasts , like mitochondria , contain their own dna , which is thought to be inherited from their ancestor—a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell .
warner tried with mixed success to adapt some of its most successful films as abc television series , and showcase these adaptations as part of the wheel series warner bros. presents .
typical speeds are 3600 revolutions per minute ( rpm ) in the usa with 60 hertz power , 3000 rpm in europe and other countries with 50 hertz electric power systems .
although this use of the name was incorrect all these services were managed by the same people within one department of kpn contributed to the confusion .
chinese physicians opposed western medicine because its humoral system contradicted the yin-yang and wuxing philosophy underlying traditional chinese medicine .
nearly 50,000 huguenots established themselves in germany , 20,000 of whom were welcomed in brandenburg-prussia , where they were granted special privileges ( edict of potsdam ) and churches in which to worship ( such as the church of st. peter and st. paul , angermünde ) by frederick william , elector of brandenburg and duke of prussia .
this research can be extrapolated to the field to understand metamorphic processes and the conditions of crystallization of igneous rocks .
radio tyneside has been the voluntary hospital radio service for most hospitals across newcastle and gateshead since 1951 , broadcasting on hospedia and online .
harvard college reduced the number of students who receive latin honors from 90 % in 2004 to 60 % in 2005. moreover , the honors of " john harvard scholar " and " harvard college scholar " will now be given only to the top 5 percent and the next 5 percent of each class .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable .
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day .
the company first constructed a new 10-story building on land previously occupied by an abandoned warehouse on the corner of columbus avenue and west 66th street ; the facility that was built in its place is nicknamed " 7 lincoln square " ( although it is actually located at 149 columbus avenue ) .
civil disobedients ' refraining from violence is also said to help preserve society 's tolerance of civil disobedience .
numerous non-fiction books about the series , including guidebooks and critical studies , have also been published , and a dedicated doctor who magazine with newsstand circulation has been published regularly since 1979. this is published by panini , as is the doctor who adventures magazine for younger fans .
simply refusing to preach the ten commandments among christians – thereby , as it were , removing the three letters l-a-w from the church – does not eliminate the accusing law .
likewise , when carter wentworth was charged for his role in the clamshell alliance 's 1977 illegal occupation of the seabrook station nuclear power plant , the judge instructed the jury to disregard his competing harms defense , and he was found guilty .
some of the returned samples are of impact melt ( materials melted near an impact crater . )
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
he believed that complete imitation of the prophet mohammad and his successors such as ali for restoration of sharia law was essential to islam , that many secular , westernizing muslims were actually agents of the west serving western interests , and that the acts such as " plundering " of muslim lands was part of a long-term conspiracy against islam by the western governments .
paul rose argues that he caused a " hysterical and demonizing mentality " about jews to enter german thought and discourse , a mentality that might otherwise have been absent .
but two days out , a liquid oxygen tank exploded , disabling the service module and forcing the crew to use the lm as a " life boat " to return to earth .
key selling points were the improvement in picture and sound quality , increased number of channels and an interactive service branded open ... . now called sky active , bskyb competed with the ondigital ( later itv digital ) terrestrial offering and cable services .
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications .
the city grew as an important centre for the wool trade in the 14th century , and later became a major coal mining area .
for this reason , complexity theory addresses computational problems and not particular problem instances .
in the local alemannic dialect , the singular is pronounced " isel " and this is also the local pronunciation of esel ( " donkey " ) .
they are usually expensive schools that tend to be up-market and traditional in style , some catholic schools fall into this category as well , e.g .
during the special the doctor is forced to regenerate several times , with his subsequent incarnations played by , in order , richard e. grant , jim broadbent , hugh grant and joanna lumley .
in 1211 , after the conquest of western xia , genghis khan planned again to conquer the jin dynasty .
the fully informed jury association 's publication " a primer for prospective jurors " notes , " think of the dilemma faced by german citizens when hitler 's secret police demanded to know if they were hiding a jew in their house . "
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
the engulfed alga was broken down , leaving only its chloroplast , and sometimes its cell membrane and nucleus , forming a chloroplast with three or four membranes—the two cyanobacterial membranes , sometimes the eaten alga 's cell membrane , and the phagosomal vacuole from the host 's cell membrane .
his marriage to katharina von bora set a model for the practice of clerical marriage , allowing protestant clergy to marry .
the first item of business on wednesdays is usually time for reflection , at which a speaker addresses members for up to four minutes , sharing a perspective on issues of faith .
the official opening by queen victoria was on 22 june 1857. in the following year , late night openings were introduced , made possible by the use of gas lighting .
today , the treaty of lisbon prohibits anti-competitive agreements in article 101 ( 1 ) , including price fixing .
from december 1539 , luther became implicated in the bigamy of philip i , landgrave of hesse , who wanted to marry one of his wife 's ladies-in-waiting .
they viewed the economic value of the caribbean islands ' sugar cane to be greater and easier to defend than the furs from the continent .
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk .
the edict reaffirmed catholicism as the state religion of france , but granted the protestants equality with catholics under the throne and a degree of religious and political freedom within their domains .
around 1294 , a french version of the scriptures was prepared by the roman catholic priest , guyard de moulin .
the expedition covered about 3,000 miles ( 4,800 km ) between june and november 1749. it went up the st. lawrence , continued along the northern shore of lake ontario , crossed the portage at niagara , and followed the southern shore of lake erie .
at state level , the parliament of victoria consists of the legislative assembly ( the lower house ) and the legislative council ( the upper house ) .
after his father 's death in 1879 , tesla found a package of letters from his professors to his father , warning that unless he were removed from the school , tesla would be killed through overwork .
at the beginning of the 20th century , important advancement in geological science was facilitated by the ability to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events using radioactive isotopes and other methods .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
chloroplasts alone make almost all of a plant cell 's amino acids in their stroma except the sulfur-containing ones like cysteine and methionine .
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america .
the different islamist movements have been described as " oscillating between two poles " : at one end is a strategy of islamization of society through state power seized by revolution or invasion ; at the other " reformist " pole islamists work to islamize society gradually " from the bottom up " .
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites .
the ipcc fourth assessment report ( ar4 ) published in 2007 featured a graph showing 12 proxy based temperature reconstructions , including the three highlighted in the 2001 third assessment report ( tar ) ; mann , bradley & hughes 1999 as before , jones et al .
the wedding was held on 12 may 1191 at the chapel of st. george and it was attended by richard 's sister joan , whom he had brought from sicily .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
consultant pharmacy practice focuses more on medication regimen review ( i.e .
in confirmation and membership preparation classes , students learn about church and the methodist-christian theological tradition in order to profess their ultimate faith in christ .
eicosanoids include prostaglandins that produce fever and the dilation of blood vessels associated with inflammation , and leukotrienes that attract certain white blood cells ( leukocytes ) .
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) .
apollo/saturn vehicles were also used for an apollo applications program , which consisted of skylab , a space station that supported three manned missions in 1973–74 , and the apollo–soyuz test project , a joint earth orbit mission with the soviet union in 1975 .
there are many forms of spiritual or religious teachers in christianity , across all three major traditions - ( roman ) catholic , ( eastern ) orthodox catholic , and protestant/non-denominational , with a stronger tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical christian traditions with a long tradition of " discernment of spirits " , of vocations , and other aspects of spiritual life , especially the roman and orthodox catholic churches .
two of the expeditions were successful , with fort duquesne and louisbourg falling to sizable british forces .
the northern section of this frontier , where the rhine is deep and broad , remained the roman boundary until the empire fell .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
it has been claimed that the hungarians under ferenc deák directed revolutionary civil disobedience against the austrian government .
during the oligocene , for example , the rainforest spanned a relatively narrow band .
euclid 's elements ( circa 300 bc ) contain important theorems about primes , including the infinitude of primes and the fundamental theorem of arithmetic .
america 's oldest collection of maps , gazetteers , and atlases both old and new is stored in pusey library and open to the public .
traditionally consultant pharmacists were usually independent business owners , though in the united states many now work for several large pharmacy management companies ( primarily omnicare , kindred healthcare and pharmerica ) .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig .
many important complexity classes can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm .
according to legend , it was here that genghis khan reportedly saw a line of five stars arranged in the sky and interpreted it as an omen of his victory .
there are many differences between the teachers for elementary schools ( grundschule ) , lower secondary schools ( hauptschule ) , middle level secondary schools ( realschule ) and higher level secondary schools ( gymnasium ) .
the modern bubonic plague has a mortality rate of 30–75 % and symptoms including fever of 38–41 °c ( 100–106 °f ) , headaches , painful aching joints , nausea and vomiting , and a general feeling of malaise .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
since about the year 2000 , a growing number of internet pharmacies have been established worldwide .
most studies looking into the relationship have concentrated on homicides – since homicides are almost identically defined across all nations and jurisdictions .
the actual number of legions present at any base or in all , depended on whether a state or threat of war existed .
according to the secret history , temüjin was named after a tatar chieftain , temüjin-üge , whom his father had just captured .
on 31 october 1517 , luther wrote to his bishop , albert of mainz , protesting the sale of indulgences .
the first commercial steam-powered device was a water pump , developed in 1698 by thomas savery .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
victoria is australia 's most densely populated state and its second-most populous state overall .
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323. he continued his father 's policies to reform the government based on the confucian principles , with the help of his newly appointed grand chancellor baiju .
priestley published his findings in 1775 in a paper titled " an account of further discoveries in air " which was included in the second volume of his book titled experiments and observations on different kinds of air .
since the peace of westphalia , the upper rhine formed a contentious border between france and germany .
thereafter , radicalism found a refuge in the anabaptist movement and other religious movements , while luther 's reformation flourished under the wing of the secular powers .
the dispute erupted into violence in the battle of jumonville glen in may 1754 , during which virginia militiamen under the command of 22-year-old george washington ambushed a french patrol .
apollo ran from 1961 to 1972 , and was supported by the two-man gemini program which ran concurrently with it from 1962 to 1966. gemini missions developed some of the space travel techniques that were necessary for the success of the apollo missions .
considering that the great majority of worldwide electric generation is produced by turbine type steam engines , the " steam age " is continuing with energy levels far beyond those of the turn of the 19th century .
there were tax exemptions for religious figures and , to some extent , teachers and doctors .
the basic pay for a starting teacher is €27,814 p.a. , rising incrementally to €53,423 for a teacher with 25 years service .
kublai created the imperial academy of medicine to manage medical treatises and the education of new doctors .
jin had captured power by displacing khitan .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
it was the third-most watched u.s. broadcast ever .
then after an incompletion , thomas davis tackled anderson for a 1-yard gain on third down , forcing denver to settle for a 3–0 lead on a brandon mcmanus 34-yard field goal .
according to johnson , smeeding , and tory , consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986. the debate is summarized in " the hidden prosperity of the poor " by journalist thomas b. edsall .
construction projects can suffer from preventable financial problems .
the effect of economic growth on poverty reduction – the growth elasticity of poverty – can depend on the existing level of inequality .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
the phylum has a wide range of body forms , including the flattened , deep-sea platyctenids , in which the adults of most species lack combs , and the coastal beroids , which lack tentacles and prey on other ctenophores by using huge mouths armed with groups of large , stiffened cilia that act as teeth .
despite denver 's excellent field position , they could not get the ball into the end zone , so mcmanus kicked a 33-yard field goal that increased their lead to 13–7 .
camp would instead support revolutionary new rules for the 1906 season .
the duchy of normandy , which began in 911 as a fiefdom , was established by the treaty of saint-clair-sur-epte between king charles iii of west francia and the famed viking ruler rollo , and was situated in the former frankish kingdom of neustria .
a fine tribute to the fall of warsaw and history of poland can be found in the warsaw uprising museum and in the katyń museum which preserves the memory of the crime .
he claimed the italian nationalisation law conflicted with the treaty of rome , and requested a reference be made to both the italian constitutional court and the court of justice under tfeu article 267. the italian constitutional court gave an opinion that because the nationalisation law was from 1962 , and the treaty was in force from 1958 , costa had no claim .
although deforestation has declined significantly in the brazilian amazon between 2004 and 2014 , there has been an increase to the present day .
the phylum has a wide range of body forms , including the flattened , deep-sea platyctenids , in which the adults of most species lack combs , and the coastal beroids , which lack tentacles and prey on other ctenophores by using huge mouths armed with groups of large , stiffened cilia that act as teeth .
the usual compromise solution has been to provide lap by lengthening rubbing surfaces of the valve in such a way as to overlap the port on the admission side , with the effect that the exhaust side remains open for a longer period after cut-off on the admission side has occurred .
for example , the problem of squaring an integer can be reduced to the problem of multiplying two integers .
today most electric power is provided by steam turbines .
in hendrix v employee insurance institute the court of justice held that a dutch national was not entitled to continue receiving incapacity benefits when he moved to belgium , because the benefit was " closely linked to the socio-economic situation " of the netherlands .
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus .
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of " invisible " kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments ( later identified as " roentgen rays " or " x-rays " ) .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
each digit will weigh 33 lb ( 15 kg ) for a total of 66 lb ( 30 kg ) .
when considering computational problems , a problem instance is a string over an alphabet .
a constitutional change was considered that would eliminate the position of prime minister and simultaneously reduce the powers of the president .
doctor who also spawned spin-offs in multiple media , including torchwood ( 2006–2011 ) and the sarah jane adventures ( 2007–2011 ) , both created by russell t davies ; k-9 ( 2009–2010 ) ; and a single pilot episode of k-9 and company ( 1981 ) .
in the mid-1950s , frank burnet , inspired by a suggestion made by niels jerne , formulated the clonal selection theory ( cst ) of immunity .
the initial lunar flight version weighed approximately 51,300 pounds ( 23,300 kg ) fully fueled , while a later version designed to carry a lunar orbit scientific instrument package weighed just over 54,000 pounds ( 24,000 kg ) .
northeastern france drains to the rhine via the moselle ; smaller rivers drain the vosges and jura mountains uplands .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
genghis khan was aware of the friction between his sons ( particularly between chagatai and jochi ) and worried of possible conflict between them if he died .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
some examples of intracellular pathogens include viruses , the food poisoning bacterium salmonella and the eukaryotic parasites that cause malaria ( plasmodium falciparum ) and leishmaniasis ( leishmania spp . ) .
iqbal expressed fears that not only would secularism and secular nationalism weaken the spiritual foundations of islam and muslim society , but that india 's hindu-majority population would crowd out muslim heritage , culture and political influence .
the strongest effect on jacksonville was from hurricane dora in 1964 , the only recorded storm to hit the first coast with sustained hurricane-force winds .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
josel asked the city of strasbourg to forbid the sale of luther 's anti-jewish works : they refused initially , but did so when a lutheran pastor in hochfelden used a sermon to urge his parishioners to murder jews .
this improved response is then retained after the pathogen has been eliminated , in the form of an immunological memory , and allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered .
the mongol appointed governor of samarqand was a qara-khitay ( khitan ) , held the title taishi , familiar with chinese culture his name was ahai
wesleyan theology stands at a unique cross-roads between evangelical and sacramental , between liturgical and charismatic , and between anglo-catholic and reformed theology and practice .
public school teachers are required to have a bachelor 's degree and the majority must be certified by the state in which they teach .
in his writings lenin portrayed imperialism as a natural extension of capitalism that arose from need for capitalist economies to constantly expand investment , material resources and manpower in such a way that necessitated colonial expansion .
however , beginning in the late 19th and early 20th century , policies such as theodore roosevelt ’ s interventionism in central america and woodrow wilson ’ s mission to " make the world safe for democracy " changed all this .
goldenson also cited interest in japan in the early 1950s , acquiring a 5 % stake in two new domestic networks , the mainichi broadcasting system in 1951 and nihon educational television in 1957. goldenson also invested in broadcasting properties in beirut in the mid-1960s .
the plague disease , caused by yersinia pestis , is enzootic ( commonly present ) in populations of fleas carried by ground rodents , including marmots , in various areas including central asia , kurdistan , western asia , northern india and uganda .
although most are non-aligned , some of the best known independent schools also belong to the large , long-established religious foundations , such as the anglican church , uniting church and presbyterian church , but in most cases , they do not insist on their students ’ religious allegiance .
the lower rhine flows through north rhine-westphalia .
one of the first norman mercenaries to serve as a byzantine general was hervé in the 1050s .
in response , king louis xv dispatched six regiments to new france under the command of baron dieskau in 1755. the british , intending to blockade french ports , sent out their fleet in february 1755 , but the french fleet had already sailed .
pharmacy technicians are now more dependent upon automation to assist them in their new role dealing with patients ' prescriptions and patient safety issues .
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds .
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
in 1957 , just before the television network began its first color broadcasts , the abc logo consisted of a tiny lowercase " abc " in the center of a large lowercase letter a , a design known as the " abc circle a " .
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . "
in 2011 , the theme tune charted at number 228 of radio station classic fm 's hall of fame , a survey of classical music tastes .
for example , dalton assumed that water 's formula was ho , giving the atomic mass of oxygen as 8 times that of hydrogen , instead of the modern value of about 16. in 1805 , joseph louis gay-lussac and alexander von humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen ; and by 1811 amedeo avogadro had arrived at the correct interpretation of water 's composition , based on what is now called avogadro 's law and the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules .
despite an almost 500 % increase in advertising revenues between 1953 and 1958 , the network only had a national reach of between 10 % and 18 % of the total u.s. population , as it still had relatively fewer affiliates than nbc and cbs .
the stepwise mitigation of the ozone layer challenge was based as well on successfully reducing regional burden sharing conflicts .
jacksonville , like most large cities in the united states , suffered from negative effects of rapid urban sprawl after world war ii .
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic .
the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz is listed as a unesco world heritage site .
the french composer olivier messiaen used prime numbers to create ametrical music through " natural phenomena " .
between the lobes on either side of the mouth , many species of lobates have four auricles , gelatinous projections edged with cilia that produce water currents that help direct microscopic prey toward the mouth .
for example , people living in tropical environments were seen as " less civilized " therefore justifying colonial control as a civilizing mission .
gou derived a cubic interpolation formula for his astronomical calculations .
modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes , probabilistic ( or " monte carlo " ) and deterministic algorithms .
on 12 january , two thousand people attended a state funeral for tesla at the cathedral of saint john the divine .
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) .
the principle behind vaccination ( also called immunization ) is to introduce an antigen from a pathogen in order to stimulate the immune system and develop specific immunity against that particular pathogen without causing disease associated with that organism .
nevertheless , his misguided agitation had the evil result that luther fatefully became one of the 'church fathers ' of anti-semitism and thus provided material for the modern hatred of the jews , cloaking it with the authority of the reformer . "
one of its earliest massive implementations was brought about by egyptians against the british occupation in the 1919 revolution .
in many countries , a person who wishes to become a teacher must first obtain specified professional qualifications or credentials from a university or college .
in 1881 , tesla moved to budapest to work under ferenc puskás at a telegraph company , the budapest telephone exchange .
these positions include : the honoured but informal position of starets or elder - a man ( or , less often , woman ) , often a monastic , considered to be graced by god with certain gifts for the guidance of souls and the detection and correction of prelest ( spiritual pride or deception ) - who acts as a spiritual guide or father in the orthodox catholic tradition , especially russian orthodoxy ( see optina monastery , which had a long line of said starets ) ; the priest or confessor in roman catholicism , who is often a man in holy orders but may be a monastic or other person respected for his spiritual accomplishments or acumen ( even the pope of rome has a confessor , who is not always a bishop , and , due to the hierarchical structure of the roman church , can not be his equal in authority ) , which is often a semi-official to official position , as opposed to the unofficial positions of spiritual guides in the orthodox catholic and protestant traditions ; and the almost-exclusively informal arrangements ( generally formal only in members who are under some form of church discipline ) of mentorship ( both of adults and children , in the latter case often a youth pastor ) in the protestant and non-denominational traditions , which boundaries can be blurred with the more typically roman " confessor " position in some of the more historic and conservative reformation churches , such as some of the lutheran and anglican .
thus the time required to solve a problem ( or the space required , or any measure of complexity ) is calculated as a function of the size of the instance .
their behavior is strongly influenced by environmental factors like light color and intensity .
in the river , electric eels can produce an electric shock that can stun or kill , while piranha are known to bite and injure humans .
cabot science library , lamont library , and widener library are three of the most popular libraries for undergraduates to use , with easy access and central locations .
[ citation needed ] however , recent data shows that the level of income inequality began to rise after the 1970s .
the ruhr , which joins the rhine in duisburg , is nowadays a clean river , thanks to a combination of stricter environmental controls , a transition from heavy industry to light industry and cleanup measures , such as the reforestation of slag and brownfields .
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
the concert aired on bbci on christmas day 2006. a doctor who prom was celebrated on 27 july 2008 in the royal albert hall as part of the annual bbc proms .
the 2013 series destiny of the doctor , produced as part of the series ' 50th anniversary celebrations , marked the first time big finish created stories ( in this case audiobooks ) featuring the doctors from the revived show .
it also began to use behavioral and demographic data to better determine what types of sponsors to sell advertising slots to and provide programming that would appeal towards certain audiences .
apollo 5 ( as-204 ) was the first unmanned test flight of lm in earth orbit , launched from pad 37 on january 22 , 1968 , by the saturn ib that would have been used for apollo 1. the lm engines were successfully test-fired and restarted , despite a computer programming error which cut short the first descent stage firing .
in the january 2006 legislative election—its first foray into the political process—it won the majority of the seats , and in 2007 it drove the plo out of gaza .
the steam engine contributed much to the development of thermodynamic theory ; however , the only applications of scientific theory that influenced the steam engine were the original concepts of harnessing the power of steam and atmospheric pressure and knowledge of properties of heat and steam .
the plant cells which contain chloroplasts are usually parenchyma cells , though chloroplasts can also be found in collenchyma tissue .
it remains in use today , along with luther 's hymns and his translation of the bible .
the social charter declares 30 general principles , including on fair remuneration of employment , health and safety at work , rights of disabled and elderly , the rights of workers , on vocational training and improvements of living conditions .
education in wales differs in certain respects from education elsewhere in the united kingdom .
one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions shows that the amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of severely reduced rainfall and increased temperatures , leading to an almost complete loss of rainforest cover in the basin by 2100. however , simulations of amazon basin climate change across many different models are not consistent in their estimation of any rainfall response , ranging from weak increases to strong decreases .
the shape of the rhine delta is determined by two bifurcations : first , at millingen aan de rijn , the rhine splits into waal and pannerdens kanaal , which changes its name to nederrijn at angeren , and second near arnhem , the ijssel branches off from the nederrijn .
fire and explosion hazards exist when concentrated oxidants and fuels are brought into close proximity ; an ignition event , such as heat or a spark , is needed to trigger combustion .
between 1991 and 2000 , the total area of forest lost in the amazon rose from 415,000 to 587,000 square kilometres ( 160,000 to 227,000 sq mi ) , with most of the lost forest becoming pasture for cattle .
retaliating against the french catholics , the huguenots had their own militia .
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc .
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776. britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820. by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
it was later called the " first oil shock " , followed by the 1979 oil crisis , termed the " second oil shock . "
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
soon after the normans began to enter italy , they entered the byzantine empire and then armenia , fighting against the pechenegs , the bulgars , and especially the seljuk turks .
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963. the programme depicts the adventures of the doctor , a time lord—a space and time-travelling humanoid alien .
tesla 's back was severely wrenched and three of his ribs were broken in the accident ( the full extent of his injuries will never be known ; tesla refused to consult a doctor—an almost lifelong custom ) .
this is designated as a " design build " contract where the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction , while adhering to the performance specifications .
warsaw university of technology is the second academic school of technology in the country , and one of the largest in east-central europe , employing 2,000 professors .
the more extensive 10-county definition , including kern and san luis obispo counties , is also used based on historical political divisions .
this is often through various forms of " othering " ( see other ) based on racial , religious , or cultural stereotypes .
fears of being labelled a pedophile or hebephile has led to several men who enjoy teaching avoiding the profession .
in between , they have the 10 o'clock tea ( chai ya saa nne ) and 4 pm tea ( chai ya saa kumi ) .
injectors became popular in the 1850s but are no longer widely used , except in applications such as steam locomotives .
the crew of apollo 8 sent the first live televised pictures of the earth and the moon back to earth , and read from the creation story in the book of genesis , on christmas eve , 1968. an estimated one-quarter of the population of the world saw—either live or delayed—the christmas eve transmission during the ninth orbit of the moon .
black 's law dictionary includes non-violence in its definition of civil disobedience .
abc 's master feed is transmitted in 720p high definition , the native resolution format for the walt disney company 's u.s. television properties .
an extended lunar module weighed over 36,200 pounds ( 16,400 kg ) , and allowed surface stays of over 3 days .
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms .
bskyb 's digital service was officially launched on 1 october 1998 under the name sky digital , although small-scale tests were carried out before then .
some historians have noted that genghis khan instituted certain levels of meritocracy in his rule , was tolerant of religions and explained his policies clearly to all his soldiers .
:1–4 when the hollis professor of divinity david tappan died in 1803 and the president of harvard joseph willard died a year later , in 1804 , a struggle broke out over their replacements .
once successfully completed , " provisional registration " is given by the gtcs which is raised to " full registration " status after a year if there is sufficient evidence to show that the " standard for full registration " has been met .
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water .
the system of bureaucracy created by kublai khan reflected various cultures in the empire , including that of the han chinese , khitans , jurchens , mongols , and tibetan buddhists .
the 2009 event will be in the norman foster designed sage gateshead music and arts centre in september .
in 2006 , a toxic waste spill off the coast of côte d'ivoire , from a european ship , prompted the commission to look into legislation against toxic waste .
the apollo program succeeded in achieving its goal of manned lunar landing , despite the major setback of a 1967 apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test .
the british resettled many acadians throughout its north american provinces , but many went to france , and some went to new orleans , which they had expected to remain french .
after malaysia 's independence in 1957 , the government instructed all schools to surrender their properties and be assimilated into the national school system .
a fundamental error was the belief that a force is required to maintain motion , even at a constant velocity .
by july 1944 , the red army was deep into polish territory and pursuing the germans toward warsaw .
by 1900 the population had fallen to 1 million and by the early 1980s it was less than 200,000 .
luther and his colleagues introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the electorate of saxony , which began in 1527. they also assessed the standard of pastoral care and christian education in the territory .
the concept of legal certainty is recognised one of the general principles of european union law by the european court of justice since the 1960s .
at the east end of the park , the tomb of the unknown soldier is situated .
appletalk was a proprietary suite of networking protocols developed by apple inc. in 1985 for apple macintosh computers .
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks .
their most famous song , " fog on the tyne " ( 1971 ) , was covered by geordie ex-footballer paul gascoigne in 1990. venom , reckoned by many to be the originators of black metal and extremely influential to the extreme metal scene as a whole , formed in newcastle in 1979. folk metal band skyclad , often regarded as the first folk metal band , also formed in newcastle after the break-up of martin walkyier thrash metal band , sabbat .
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment .
rhodoplasts have a double membrane with an intermembrane space and phycobilin pigments organized into phycobilisomes on the thylakoid membranes , preventing their thylakoids from stacking .
however , on may 3 , 2013 , the florida legislature refused to approve the funding plan to pay for the renovations , dealing a significant blow to miami 's chances .
nfl and atlanta braves field director ed mangan stated that the field was in " great shape " for gameday .
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " .
each packet is labeled with a destination address , source address , and port numbers . it may also be labeled with the sequence number of the packet .
" markets , by themselves , even when they are stable , often lead to high levels of inequality , outcomes that are widely viewed as unfair . "
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports .
europe 's last major epidemic occurred in 1720 in marseille .
private fee-paying schools include parish schools run by the roman catholic church and independent schools similar to british public schools .
in 1974 the museum had acquired what is now the henry cole wing from the royal college of science .
in 1988 the band the justified ancients of mu mu ( later known as the klf ) released the single " doctorin ' the tardis " under the name the timelords , which reached no .
during that year , tesla worked in pittsburgh , helping to create an alternating current system to power the city 's streetcars .
in scotland , anyone wishing to teach must be registered with the general teaching council for scotland ( gtcs ) .
courts have distinguished between two types of civil disobedience : " indirect civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not , itself , the object of protest , whereas direct civil disobedience involves protesting the existence of a particular law by breaking that law . "
montcalm focused his meager resources on the defense of the st. lawrence , with primary defenses at carillon , quebec , and louisbourg , while vaudreuil argued unsuccessfully for a continuation of the raiding tactics that had worked quite effectively in previous years .
tesla invented a steam-powered mechanical oscillator—tesla 's oscillator .
colonialism can completely change the existing social structure , physical structure and economics of an area ; it is not unusual that the characteristics of the conquering peoples are inherited by the conquered indigenous populations .
millionaire ended its run on the network 's primetime lineup after three years in 2002 , with buena vista television relaunching the show as a syndicated program ( under that incarnation 's original host meredith vieira ) in september of that year .
at about 180 mbp , in the jurassic period , the two plates reversed direction and began to compress the tethys floor , causing it to be subducted under eurasia and pushing up the edge of the latter plate in the alpine orogeny of the oligocene and miocene periods .
three additional putative species were then found in the burgess shale and other canadian rocks of similar age , about 505 million years ago in the mid-cambrian period .
on 31 july 2013 , bskyb and microsoft announced their settlement , in which microsoft will not appeal the ruling , and will rename its skydrive cloud storage service after an unspecified " reasonable period of time to allow for an orderly transition to a new brand , " plus " financial and other terms , the details of which are confidential " .
while a child was in school , a teacher was expected to act as a substitute parent , with all the normal forms of parental discipline open to them .
the dominant explanation for the black death is the plague theory , which attributes the outbreak to yersinia pestis , also responsible for an epidemic that began in southern china in 1865 , eventually spreading to india .
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
[ citation needed ] although imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years , the term " age of imperialism " generally refers to the activities of european powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century , for example , the " the great game " in persian lands , the " scramble for africa " and the " open door policy " in china .
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount .
scott also designed the two cast courts 1870–73 to the southeast of the garden ( the site of the " brompton boilers " ) , these vast spaces have ceilings 70 feet ( 21 m ) in height to accommodate the plaster casts of parts of famous buildings , including trajan 's column ( in two separate pieces ) .
the largest of these is the eldon square shopping centre , one of the largest city centre shopping complexes in the uk .
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 .
( incongruously , chinatown was primarily a japanese neighborhood and today japanese-american businesses still remain ) .
he received a bachelor 's degree in biblical studies on 9 march 1508 , and another bachelor 's degree in the sentences by peter lombard in 1509 .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
mitochondria have also been observed to follow chloroplasts as they move .
uptake of o 2 from the air is the essential purpose of respiration , so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine .
for mobile applications steam has been largely superseded by internal combustion engines or electric motors .
in the early 1970s , abc completed its transition to color ; the decade as a whole would mark a turning point for abc , as it began to pass cbs and nbc in the ratings to become the first place network .
unlike sponges , both ctenophores and cnidarians have : cells bound by inter-cell connections and carpet-like basement membranes ; muscles ; nervous systems ; and some have sensory organs .
much of southern california is famous for its large , spread-out , suburban communities and use of automobiles and highways .
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 .
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages .
boulton and watt 's early engines used half as much coal as john smeaton 's improved version of newcomen 's .
this produces a catalytic cascade that amplifies the initial signal by controlled positive feedback .
its exterior was covered with an ablative heat shield , and had its own reaction control system ( rcs ) engines to control its attitude and steer its atmospheric entry path .
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney .
for reasons of economy , oxygen is often transported in bulk as a liquid in specially insulated tankers , since one liter of liquefied oxygen is equivalent to 840 liters of gaseous oxygen at atmospheric pressure and 20 °c ( 68 °f ) .
tesla , like many of his era , became a proponent of an imposed selective breeding version of eugenics .
as part of this merger , the network would have been renamed " abc-dumont " for five years , and dumont would have received $ 5 million in cash , room on the schedule for existing dumont programming , and guaranteed advertising time for dumont laboratories receivers .
the crisis reduced the demand for large cars .
nintendo and the pokémon company also made their super bowl debut , promoting the 20th anniversary of the pokémon video game and media franchise .
kublai besieged xiangyang between 1268 and 1273 , the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich yangzi river basin .
in 1507 , he was ordained to the priesthood , and in 1508 , von staupitz , first dean of the newly founded university of wittenberg , sent for luther , to teach theology .
on 17 april 1879 , milutin tesla died at the age of 60 after contracting an unspecified illness ( although some sources say that he died of a stroke ) .
upper and lower bounds are usually stated using the big o notation , which hides constant factors and smaller terms .
it discriminated against parallel importers like mr dassonville , who could not get certificates from authorities in france , where they bought the scotch .
in 1418 , jean 's nephew maciot de bethencourt sold the rights to the islands to enrique pérez de guzmán , 2nd count de niebla .
in india , private schools are called independent schools , but since some private schools receive financial aid from the government , it can be an aided or an unaided school .
closely related fields in theoretical computer science are analysis of algorithms and computability theory .
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library .
without luther 's backing for the uprising , many rebels laid down their weapons ; others felt betrayed .
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
kenya has a warm and humid tropical climate on its indian ocean coastline .
a large body of mathematical work would still be valid when calling 1 a prime , but euclid 's fundamental theorem of arithmetic ( mentioned above ) would not hold as stated .
davis compiled 5½ sacks , four forced fumbles , and four interceptions , while kuechly led the team in tackles ( 118 ) forced two fumbles , and intercepted four passes of his own .
in 1934 , mutual filed a complaint with the federal communications commission ( fcc ) regarding its difficulties in establishing new stations , in a radio market that was already being saturated by nbc and cbs .
the species richness is mainly due to the location of warsaw within the border region of several big floral regions comprising substantial proportions of close-to-wilderness areas ( natural forests , wetlands along the vistula ) as well as arable land , meadows and forests .
du pont , a former student of lavoisier , established the eleutherian gunpowder mills .
muqali , a trusted lieutenant , was given command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty while genghis khan was fighting in central asia , and subutai and jebe were allowed to pursue the great raid into the caucasus and kievan rus ' , an idea they had presented to the khagan on their own initiative .
by autumn 1347 , the plague reached alexandria in egypt , probably through the port 's trade with constantinople , and ports on the black sea .
as a result , abc and disney 's first television collaboration ended in 1961 ( the network would resume its relationship with disney in 1985 , when the anthology series returned to the network for a three-season run as the disney sunday movie until it lost the rights to nbc again in 1988 ; the disney anthology series would return to abc in 1996 , following the company 's purchase of the future capital cities/abc , as the wonderful world of disney ) .
official corporal punishment , often by caning , remains commonplace in schools in some asian , african and caribbean countries .
the show globe was also used until the early 20th century .
using handheld gps devices and programs like google earth , members of the trio tribe , who live in the rainforests of southern suriname , map out their ancestral lands to help strengthen their territorial claims .
the lobata have a pair of lobes , which are muscular , cuplike extensions of the body that project beyond the mouth .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
this view was instantly controversial , and in the early 1990s three advocate generals persuasively argued that directives should create rights and duties for all citizens .
as with much of florida , tourism is also important to the jacksonville area , particularly tourism related to golf .
until the bishop has read the appointments at the session of the annual conference , no appointments are officially fixed .
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " .
published at a time of rising demand for german-language publications , luther 's version quickly became a popular and influential bible translation .
luther confirmed he was their author , but requested time to think about the answer to the second question .
as of 2010 [ update ] , there were 821,784 people and 366,273 households in the city .
where school class sizes are typically 40 to 50 students , maintaining order in the classroom can divert the teacher from instruction , leaving little opportunity for concentration and focus on what is being taught .
the only other afc champion team to have worn white as the designated home team in the super bowl was the pittsburgh steelers ; they defeated the seattle seahawks 21–10 in super bowl xl 10 seasons prior .
even simple unicellular organisms such as bacteria possess a rudimentary immune system , in the form of enzymes that protect against bacteriophage infections .
hank marvin and bruce welch were both former pupils of rutherford grammar school , actors charlie hunnam and james scott , entertainers ant and dec and international footballers michael carrick and alan shearer were born in newcastle .
in october 2015 , credit suisse published a study which shows global inequality continues to increase , and that half of the world 's wealth is now in the hands of those in the top percentile , whose assets each exceed $ 759,900 .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
the duchy of normandy , which began in 911 as a fiefdom , was established by the treaty of saint-clair-sur-epte between king charles iii of west francia and the famed viking ruler rollo , and was situated in the former frankish kingdom of neustria .
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng .
it was opened in five phases between 1980 and 1984 , and was britain 's first urban light rail transit system ; two extensions were opened in 1991 and 2002. it was developed from a combination of existing and newly built tracks and stations , with deep-level tunnels constructed through newcastle city centre .
to the east is the colorado desert and the colorado river at the border with arizona , and the mojave desert at the border with the state of nevada .
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt .
while experimenting with mechanical oscillators at his houston street lab , tesla allegedly generated a resonance of several buildings .
meanwhile , the relationship between non-human primates in the subsistence and symbolism of indigenous lowland south american peoples has gained increased attention , as have ethno-biology and community-based conservation efforts .
though they retained the name , these streams no longer carry water from the rhine , but are used for draining the surrounding land and polders .
abc became an aggressive competitor to nbc and cbs when , continuing nbc blue 's traditions of public service , it aired symphony performances conducted by paul whiteman , performances from the metropolitan opera , and jazz concerts aired as part of its broadcast of the chamber music society of lower basin street announced by milton cross .
rather than being more moderate than the plo , the 1988 hamas charter took a more uncompromising stand , calling for the destruction of israel and the establishment of an islamic state in palestine .
this " decision time " is heralded by the sounding of the division bell , which is heard throughout the parliamentary campus and alerts msps who are not in the chamber to return and vote .
unlike a traditional community pharmacy where prescriptions for any common medication can be brought in and filled , specialty pharmacies carry novel medications that need to be properly stored , administered , carefully monitored , and clinically managed .
after 1971 , opec was slow to readjust prices to reflect this depreciation .
the public art pieces will be restored and placed near their current locations and will feature wide sidewalks ( up to 28 ' on the east side of the street ) to continue with the pedestrian friendly environment of the district .
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example .
even though some proofs of complexity-theoretic theorems regularly assume some concrete choice of input encoding , one tries to keep the discussion abstract enough to be independent of the choice of encoding .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction .
in contrast to images of frail catholic saints , luther was presented as a stout man with a " double chin , strong mouth , piercing deep-set eyes , fleshy face , and squat neck . "
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) .
more than 1 million people are expected to attend the festivities in san francisco during super bowl week .
with a budget of $ 230,000 , the surviving original lunar broadcast data from apollo 11 was compiled by nafzger and assigned to lowry digital for restoration .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
tesla may have inadvertently captured an x-ray image—predating , by a few weeks , wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 announcement of the discovery of x-rays—when he tried to photograph mark twain illuminated by a geissler tube , an earlier type of gas discharge tube .
operating since 1793 and founded as a ‘ conversation club , ’ its lecture theatre was the first public building to be lit by electric light , during a lecture by joseph swan on 20 october 1880 .
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice .
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch .
by mass , oxygen is the third-most abundant element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium .
consequently , the united methodist church endorses general and complete disarmament under strict and effective international control .
some yuan documents such as wang zhen 's nong shu were printed with earthenware movable type , a technology invented in the 12th century .
together in april 1887 they formed the tesla electric company with an agreement that profits from generated patents would go ⅓ to tesla , ⅓ to peck and brown , and ⅓ to fund development .
king malcolm iii of scotland married edgar 's sister margaret , and came into opposition to william who had already disputed scotland 's southern borders .
the clinical pharmacist 's role involves creating a comprehensive drug therapy plan for patient-specific problems , identifying goals of therapy , and reviewing all prescribed medications prior to dispensing and administration to the patient .
other shopping destinations in newcastle include grainger street and the area around grey 's monument , the relatively modern eldon garden and monument mall complexes , the newgate centre , central arcade and the traditional grainger market .
this government adopted the traditional chinese tripartite division of authority among civil , military , and censorial offices , including the central secretariat ( zhongshu sheng ) to manage civil affairs , the privy council ( chinese : 樞密院 ) to manage military affairs , and the censorate to conduct internal surveillance and inspection .
after the sixth sermon , the wittenberg jurist jerome schurf wrote to the elector : " oh , what joy has dr. martin 's return spread among us !
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
the common allotrope of elemental oxygen on earth is called dioxygen , o 2. it is the form that is a major part of the earth 's atmosphere ( see occurrence ) .
like maududi , al banna believed in the necessity of government rule based on shariah law implemented gradually and by persuasion , and of eliminating all imperialist influence in the muslim world .
several project structures can assist the owner in this integration , including design-build , partnering and construction management .
normally , the reenergized electrons are taken by nadp+ , though sometimes they can flow back down more h+-pumping electron transport chains to transport more hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space to generate more atp .
highly concentrated sources of oxygen promote rapid combustion .
for example , joseph haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the lebanon , new hampshire city councilors stating , " wise up or die . "
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns .
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south .
he also noted that the tin had increased in weight and that increase was the same as the weight of the air that rushed back in .
the soundtrack for series 5 was released on 8 november 2010. in february 2011 , a soundtrack was released for the 2010 christmas special : " a christmas carol " , and in december 2011 the soundtrack for series 6 was released , both by silva screen records .
phycobilins are a third group of pigments found in cyanobacteria , and glaucophyte , red algal , and cryptophyte chloroplasts .
the motion picture , television , and music industry is centered on the los angeles in southern california .
the teacher may interact with students of different ages , from infants to adults , students with different abilities and students with learning disabilities .
at the time , iran was the world 's second-largest oil exporter and a close us ally .
luther 's concern thus in separating them is honoring their different epistemological spheres .
it was only in 1489 that the venetians acquired full control of the island , which remained a christian stronghold until the fall of famagusta in 1571 .
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " .
st cuthbert 's high school and sacred heart are the two primary state-catholic run high schools , and are both achieving results on par with the independent schools in newcastle .
additionally , steeper tax progressivity applied to social spending can result in a more equal distribution of income across the board .
killer t cells only recognize antigens coupled to class i mhc molecules , while helper t cells and regulatory t cells only recognize antigens coupled to class ii mhc molecules .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
the united methodist church ( umc ) is a mainline protestant methodist denomination .
the mongol empire was governed by a civilian and military code , called the yassa , created by genghis khan .
amongst these include 5 university of california campuses ( irvine , los angeles , riverside , santa barbara , and san diego ) ; 12 california state university campuses ( bakersfield , channel islands , dominguez hills , fullerton , los angeles , long beach , northridge , pomona , san bernardino , san diego , san marcos , and san luis obispo ) ; and private institutions such as the california institute of technology , chapman university , the claremont colleges ( claremont mckenna college , harvey mudd college , pitzer college , pomona college , and scripps college ) , loma linda university , loyola marymount university , occidental college , pepperdine university , university of redlands , university of san diego , and the university of southern california .
in the late 19th century , the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing 'system ' was used on some marine triple expansion engines .
the ipcc has since acknowledged that the date is incorrect , while reaffirming that the conclusion in the final summary was robust .
the television network has eight owned-and-operated and over 232 affiliated television stations throughout the united states and its territories .
starting in 1965 , donald davies at the national physical laboratory , uk , independently developed the same message routing methodology as developed by baran .
it was worth $ 32 billion in 2011 , up from $ 28 billion in september 2010 and $ 26 billion in 2009. it suffered about 30 % loss in 2008-09. in december 2008 , harvard announced that its endowment had lost 22 % ( approximately $ 8 billion ) from july to october 2008 , necessitating budget cuts .
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons .
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports .
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality .
hobson argued that domestic social reforms could cure the international disease of imperialism by removing its economic foundation .
while the reliability of this mechanism has not yet been studied for all relevant crop species , recent results in tobacco plants are promising , showing a failed containment rate of transplastomic plants at 3 in 1,000,000 .
in aristotle 's view , the terrestrial sphere contained four elements that come to rest at different " natural places " therein .
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway .
newcastle university has its origins in the school of medicine and surgery , established in 1834 and became independent from durham university on 1 august 1963 to form the university of newcastle upon tyne .
outlaws ravaged the country without interference from the weakening yuan armies .
instead , the lisbon treaty was enacted .
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
reactive oxygen species , such as superoxide ion ( o− 2 ) and hydrogen peroxide ( h 2o 2 ) , are dangerous by-products of oxygen use in organisms .
although the traditional chinese elite were not given their share of power , the mongols and the semuren ( various allied groups from central asia and the western end of the empire ) largely remained strangers to the mainstream chinese culture , and this dichotomy gave the yuan regime a somewhat strong " colonial " coloration .
luther said , " we want to practice christian love toward them and pray that they convert , " but also that they are " our public enemies ... and if they could kill us all , they would gladly do so .
the eye crossed st. augustine with winds that had just barely diminished to 110 mph ( 180 km/h ) , making it a strong category 2 on the saffir-simpson scale .
the french crown 's refusal to allow non-catholics to settle in new france may help to explain that colony 's slow rate of population growth compared to that of the neighbouring british colonies , which opened settlement to religious dissenters .
the national art library ( also called word and image department ) at the victoria and albert museum collection catalog used to be kept in different formats including printed exhibit catalogs , and card catalogs .
these studies were widely presented as demonstrating that the current warming period is exceptional in comparison to temperatures between 1000 and 1900 , and the mbh99 based graph featured in publicity .
at that time , the nbc red network was the principal radio network in the united states and , according to the fcc , rca was using nbc blue to eliminate any hint of competition .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
a third , minor subtype are the γδ t cells that recognize intact antigens that are not bound to mhc receptors .
sky+ hd material is broadcast using mpeg-4 and most of the hd material uses the dvb-s2 standard .
such engines use either three or four expansion stages and are known as triple and quadruple expansion engines respectively .
the origin of the name kenya is not clear , but perhaps linked to the kikuyu , embu and kamba words kirinyaga , kirenyaa and kiinyaa which mean " god 's resting place " in all three languages .
as residential construction ( as well as all other types of construction ) can generate a lot of waste , careful planning again is needed here .
around 2.5 million years ago ( ending 11,600 years ago ) was the geological period of the ice ages .
rubisco can not distinguish between oxygen and carbon dioxide very well , so it can accidentally add o2 instead of co2 to rubp .
the earliest of these featured the fifth , sixth and seventh doctors , with paul mcgann 's eight doctor joining the line in 2001. tom baker 's fourth doctor began appearing for big finish in 2012. along with the main range , adventures of the first , second and third doctors have been produced in both limited cast and full cast formats , as well as audiobooks .
los angeles ( at 3.7 million people ) and san diego ( at 1.3 million people ) , both in southern california , are the two largest cities in all of california ( and two of the eight largest cities in the united states ) .
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
leonard goldenson , the president of upt ( which sought to diversify itself at the time ) , approached noble in 1951 on a proposal for upt to purchase abc .
with a population of 3,792,621 , los angeles is the most populous city in california and the second most populous in the united states .
there are also many places commemorating the heroic history of warsaw .
in scotland , anyone wishing to teach must be registered with the general teaching council for scotland ( gtcs ) .
these folds can either be those where the material in the center of the fold buckles upwards , creating " antiforms " , or where it buckles downwards , creating " synforms " .
some members of this community emigrated to the united states in the 1890s .
in 1899 , john jacob astor iv invested $ 100,000 for tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system .
the church also states that " as christians they are aware that neither the way of military action , nor the way of inaction is always righteous before god . "
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions .
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice .
the very first fresno television station to begin broadcasting was kmj-tv , which debuted on june 1 , 1953. kmj is now known as nbc affiliate ksee .
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration .
( while a self-described state , it lacks international recognition . )
that is , luther depicted the trinity not as a doctrine to be learned , but as persons to be known .
the college of the university of chicago grants bachelor of arts and bachelor of science degrees in 50 academic majors and 28 minors .
in the 2012 spring quarter , international students comprised almost 19 % of the overall study body , over 26 % of students were domestic ethnic minorities , and about 44 % of enrolled students were female .
however , the requirements to be registered in milan before being able to practice would be allowed if they were non-discriminatory , " justified by imperative requirements in the general interest " and proportionately applied .
the european commission has the initiative to propose legislation .
jacksonville is in the first coast region of northeast florida and is centered on the banks of the st. johns river , about 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of the georgia state line and about 340 miles ( 550 km ) north of miami .
mitsubishi rebranded its forte as the dodge d-50 a few years after the oil crisis .
creating an index of " health and social problems " from nine factors , authors richard wilkinson and kate pickett found health and social problems " more common in countries with bigger income inequalities " , and more common among states in the us with larger income inequalities .
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
according to johnson , smeeding , and tory , consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986. the debate is summarized in " the hidden prosperity of the poor " by journalist thomas b. edsall .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
building construction is usually further divided into residential and non-residential ( commercial/institutional ) .
other prominent alumni include anthropologists david graeber and donald johanson , who is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as " lucy " in the afar triangle region , psychologist john b. watson , american psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , communication theorist harold innis , chess grandmaster samuel reshevsky , and conservative international relations scholar and white house coordinator of security planning for the national security council samuel p. huntington .
on august 29 , 1994 , abc purchased flint , michigan affiliate wjrt-tv and wtvg in toledo , ohio ( which was previously affiliated with abc from 1958 to 1970 ) from sjl broadcast management , with the latter switching to abc once its contract with nbc expired two months after the purchase was finalized in early 1995. both stations were acquired as a contingency plan in the event that cbs reached an affiliation deal with wxyz-tv ( to replace wjbk , which switched to fox as a result of that network 's group affiliation agreement with new world communications ) in order to allow the network to retain some over-the-air presence in the detroit market ( the e.w .
francovich , the former employee of a bankrupt venetian firm , was therefore allowed to claim 6 million lira from the italian government in damages for his loss .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
there was an attempt to withdraw the united methodist church membership in the religious coalition for reproductive choice at their general conference , held in may 2012 , with a petition that passed through the legislative subcommittee and committee votes , but was not given a floor vote .
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill .
according to the kenya national bureau of statistics , in 2011 there were 65,000 qualified nurses registered in the country ; 8,600 clinical officers and 7,000 doctors for the population of 43 million people ( these figures from official registers include those who have died or left the profession hence the actual number of these workers may be lower ) .
bolshevik leaders had effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire by 1921 , however with an internationalist ideology : lenin in particular asserted the right to limited self-determination for national minorities within the new territory .
the pharmas also used many other herbs not listed .
states or departments in four nations contain " amazonas " in their names .
high tuition , schools claim , is used to pay higher salaries for the best teachers and also used to provide enriched learning environments , including a low student to teacher ratio , small class sizes and services , such as libraries , science laboratories and computers .
in 1516 , johann tetzel , a dominican friar and papal commissioner for indulgences , was sent to germany by the roman catholic church to sell indulgences to raise money to rebuild st. peter 's basilica in rome .
with the help of the magnetophon , abc was able to provide its stars with greater freedom in terms of time , and also attract several big names , such as bing crosby at a time when nbc and cbs did not allow pre-taped shows .
this is similar to the 1988 continuation of mission impossible , but differs from most other series relaunches which have either been reboots ( for example , battlestar galactica and bionic woman [ citation needed ] ) or set in the same universe as the original but in a different time period and with different characters ( for example , star trek : the next generation and spin-offs [ citation needed ] ) .
geneva was john calvin 's adopted home and the centre of the calvinist movement .
in 1996 , bbc television held the " auntie awards " as the culmination of their " tv60 " series , celebrating 60 years of bbc television broadcasting , where doctor who was voted as the " best popular drama " the corporation had ever produced , ahead of such ratings heavyweights as eastenders and casualty .
according to economists david castells-quintana and vicente royuela , increasing inequality harms economic growth .
in addition , in terms of function , the inner chloroplast membrane , which regulates metabolite passage and synthesizes some materials , has no counterpart in the mitochondrion .
there are many forms of spiritual or religious teachers in christianity , across all three major traditions - ( roman ) catholic , ( eastern ) orthodox catholic , and protestant/non-denominational , with a stronger tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical christian traditions with a long tradition of " discernment of spirits " , of vocations , and other aspects of spiritual life , especially the roman and orthodox catholic churches .
the board of trustees oversees the long-term development and plans of the university and manages fundraising efforts , and is composed of 50 members including the university president .
they are called hierarchy theorems because they induce a proper hierarchy on the classes defined by constraining the respective resources .
in almost all countries teachers are educated in a university or college .
it was promulgated on 27 august 2010 at a euphoric ceremony in nairobi 's uhuru park , accompanied by a 21-gun salute .
most of these defections occur because of economic or financial factors .
fees range from under £3,000 to £21,000 and above per year for day pupils , rising to £27,000+ per year for boarders .
the aare also contains the waters from the 4,274 m ( 14,022 ft ) summit of finsteraarhorn , the highest point of the rhine basin .
multiple circumnavigator david scott cowper , nobel prize winning physicist peter higgs , and former wwe nxt champion neville were born in the city .
combustion hazards also apply to compounds of oxygen with a high oxidative potential , such as peroxides , chlorates , nitrates , perchlorates , and dichromates because they can donate oxygen to a fire .
in europe there are old pharmacies still operating in dubrovnik , croatia , located inside the franciscan monastery , opened in 1317 ; and in the town hall square of tallinn , estonia , dating from at least 1422. the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum .
when the town council asked luther to return , he decided it was his duty to act .
whereas they won the war in algeria , the french leader at the time , charles de gaulle , decided to grant algeria independence anyway in 1962. its settlers and many local supporters relocated to france .
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants .
the cestida ( " belt animals " ) are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals , with the mouth and aboral organ aligned in the middle of opposite edges of the ribbon .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size .
although time and space are the most well-known complexity resources , any complexity measure can be viewed as a computational resource .
in the most famous case rewe-zentral ag v bundesmonopol für branntwein , the court of justice found that a german law requiring all spirits and liqueurs ( not just imported ones ) to have a minimum alcohol content of 25 per cent was contrary to tfeu article 34 , because it had a greater negative effect on imports .
this treatise is currently in the nikola tesla museum archive in belgrade .
it permitted anyone to kill luther without legal consequence .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
conservation is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections , and covers all the collections held by the v & a and the v & a museum of childhood .
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " .
washington left with a small party , picking up along the way jacob van braam as an interpreter ; christopher gist , a company surveyor working in the area ; and a few mingo led by tanaghrisson .
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event .
like sponges and cnidarians , ctenophores have two main layers of cells that sandwich a middle layer of jelly-like material , which is called the mesoglea in cnidarians and ctenophores ; more complex animals have three main cell layers and no intermediate jelly-like layer .
another of the egyptian groups which employed violence in their struggle for islamic order was al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ( islamic group ) .
the primary difference is the method by which the medications are requested and received .
this and other experiments on combustion were documented in his book sur la combustion en général , which was published in 1777. in that work , he proved that air is a mixture of two gases ; 'vital air ' , which is essential to combustion and respiration , and azote ( gk .
thus , in a market economy , inequality is a reflection of the productivity gap between highly-paid professions and lower-paid professions .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
directly beneath the president are the provost , fourteen vice presidents ( including the chief financial officer , chief investment officer , and dean of students of the university ) , the directors of argonne national laboratory and fermilab , the secretary of the university , and the student ombudsperson .
often , individual state laws outline what defines a valid patient-doctor relationship .
other major causes of fatalities in the construction industry include electrocution , transportation accidents , and trench cave-ins .
at a meeting of the us house committee on science and astronautics one day after gagarin 's flight , many congressmen pledged their support for a crash program aimed at ensuring that america would catch up .
during this hold , an electrical fire began in the cabin , and spread quickly in the high pressure , 100 % oxygen atmosphere .
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney .
in 1096 , crusaders passing by the siege of amalfi were joined by bohemond of taranto and his nephew tancred with an army of italo-normans .
following the defeat of napoleonic france in 1815 , britain enjoyed a century of almost unchallenged dominance and expanded its imperial holdings around the globe .
the invasion failed both militarily and politically , as pitt again planned significant campaigns against new france , and sent funds to britain 's ally on the mainland , prussia , and the french navy failed in the 1759 naval battles at lagos and quiberon bay .
the concept of duty was first introduced by watt in order to illustrate how much more efficient his engines were over the earlier newcomen designs .
eight original series serials have been released on laserdisc and many have also been released on betamax tape and video 2000. one episode of doctor who ( the infinite quest ) was released on vcd .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
this is true even though another person who is observing the moving vehicle pass by also observes the ball follow a curving parabolic path in the same direction as the motion of the vehicle .
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic .
the french population numbered about 75,000 and was heavily concentrated along the st. lawrence river valley , with some also in acadia ( present-day new brunswick and parts of nova scotia , including île royale ( present-day cape breton island ) ) .
johnson 's advance stopped at fort william henry , and the french withdrew to ticonderoga point , where they began the construction of fort carillon ( later renamed fort ticonderoga after british capture in 1759 ) .
official photographs and television interviews were held in the courtyard adjoining the assembly hall , which is part of the school of divinity of the university of edinburgh .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
the problems with north american were severe enough in late 1965 to cause manned space flight administrator george mueller to appoint program director samuel phillips to head a " tiger team " to investigate north american 's problems and identify corrections .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
temüjin 's mother hoelun taught him many lessons about the unstable political climate of mongolia , especially the need for alliances .
while nearly three-quarters eventually were killed or submitted , roughly 500,000 huguenots had fled france by the early 18th century [ citation needed ] .
the objective is typically a course of study , lesson plan , or a practical skill .
a series of religious conflicts followed , known as the wars of religion , fought intermittently from 1562 to 1598. the wars finally ended with the granting of the edict of nantes , which granted the huguenots substantial religious , political and military autonomy .
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai .
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped .
amazonian evergreen forests account for about 10 % of the world 's terrestrial primary productivity and 10 % of the carbon stores in ecosystems—of the order of 1.1 × 1011 metric tonnes of carbon .
participation in the african slave trade and the subsequent treatment of its 12 to 15 million africans is viewed by some to be a more modern extension of america 's " internal colonialism " .
some forms of civil disobedience , such as illegal boycotts , refusals to pay taxes , draft dodging , distributed denial-of-service attacks , and sit-ins , make it more difficult for a system to function .
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay .
about 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) from warsaw , the vistula river 's environment changes strikingly and features a perfectly preserved ecosystem , with a habitat of animals that includes the otter , beaver and hundreds of bird species .
visitors arrived by steamboat and later by railroad .
it became clear that managing the apollo program would exceed the capabilities of robert r. gilruth 's space task group , which had been directing the nation 's manned space program from nasa 's langley research center .
however , malnutrition is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries .
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
his records indicate that the device is based on a narrow stream of small tungsten pellets that are accelerated via high voltage ( by means akin to his magnifying transformer ) .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story .
the rhine is the longest river in germany .
the first , as-201 launched on february 26 , reached an altitude of 265.7 nautical miles ( 492.1 km ) and splashed down 4,577 nautical miles ( 8,477 km ) downrange in the atlantic ocean .
gegeen was assassinated in a coup involving five princes from a rival faction , perhaps steppe elite opposed to confucian reforms .
newcastle 's gay scene - 'the pink triangle ' - is centred on the times square area near the centre for life and has a range of bars , cafés and clubs .
tourists , the largest number being from germany and the united kingdom , are attracted mainly to the coastal beaches and the game reserves , notably , the expansive east and west tsavo national park 20,808 square kilometres ( 8,034 sq mi ) in the southeast .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
in the united states , scholars argue that there already existed a negotiated settlement based on equality between both parties prior to 1973. the possibility that the middle east could become another superpower confrontation with the ussr was of more concern to the us than oil .
as of the 2014 episode " dark water , " it was revealed that the master had become a female incarnation or " time lady , " going by the name of " missy " ( short for mistress , the feminine equivalent of " master " ) .
the section discussed the divergence problem affecting certain tree ring data .
the 1983 20th anniversary special the five doctors had its début on 23 november ( the actual date of the anniversary ) on a number of pbs stations two days prior to its bbc one broadcast .
there is good evidence that re-introduction of probiotic flora , such as pure cultures of the lactobacilli normally found in unpasteurized yogurt , helps restore a healthy balance of microbial populations in intestinal infections in children and encouraging preliminary data in studies on bacterial gastroenteritis , inflammatory bowel diseases , urinary tract infection and post-surgical infections .
the result is a reconciliation of medication and patient education resulting in increased patient health outcomes and decreased costs to the health care system .
earlier papers studying problems solvable by turing machines with specific bounded resources include john myhill 's definition of linear bounded automata ( myhill 1960 ) , raymond smullyan 's study of rudimentary sets ( 1961 ) , as well as hisao yamada 's paper on real-time computations ( 1962 ) .
even if a chloroplast is eventually lost , the genes it donated to the former host 's nucleus persist , providing evidence for the lost chloroplast 's existence .
this led to protests and open discrediting of the eck for complicity and to odinga declaring himself the " people 's president " and calling for a recount .
in the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 % interest in cable sports channel espn , the network 's parent merged with capital cities communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations .
both before and after the 1708 passage of the foreign protestants naturalization act , an estimated 50,000 protestant walloons and huguenots fled to england , with many moving on to ireland and elsewhere .
this means commissioners are , through the appointment process , the unelected subordinates of member state governments .
the network hired the troika design group to design and produce its 2001–02 identity , which continued using the black-and-yellow coloring of the logo and featured dots and stripes in various promotional and identification spots .
an element p of r is called prime element if it is neither zero nor a unit ( i.e. , does not have a multiplicative inverse ) and satisfies the following requirement : given x and y in r such that p divides the product xy , then p divides x or y. an element is irreducible if it is not a unit and can not be written as a product of two ring elements that are not units .
creating an index of " health and social problems " from nine factors , authors richard wilkinson and kate pickett found health and social problems " more common in countries with bigger income inequalities " , and more common among states in the us with larger income inequalities .
education in australia is primarily the responsibility of the individual states and territories .
finally it spread to northwestern russia in 1351. the plague was somewhat less common in parts of europe that had smaller trade relations with their neighbours , including the kingdom of poland , the majority of the basque country , isolated parts of belgium and the netherlands , and isolated alpine villages throughout the continent .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
as of march 2015 [ update ] , it had control over territory occupied by ten million people in iraq and syria , and has nominal control over small areas of libya , nigeria and afghanistan .
there were 149,025 housing units at an average density of 1,427.9 square miles ( 3,698 km2 ) .
marshall cohen notes , " it has been used to describe everything from bringing a test-case in the federal courts to taking aim at a federal official .
in september 1760 , and before any hostilities erupted , governor vaudreuil negotiated from montreal a capitulation with general amherst .
in the 1970s , the city was the subject of a song , " walking into fresno " , written by hall of fame guitarist bill aken and recorded by bob gallion of the world-famous " wwva jamboree " radio and television show in wheeling , west virginia .
the city 's most populous ethnic group , non-hispanic white , declined from 75.8 % in 1970 to 55.1 % by 2010 .
due to pressure from film studios wanting to increase their production , as the major networks began airing theatrically released films , abc joined cbs and nbc in broadcasting films on sunday nights in 1962 , with the launch of the abc sunday night movie , which debuted a year behind its competitors and was initially presented in black-and-white .
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities .
many engineers feared that a rendezvous —let alone a docking— neither of which had been attempted even in earth orbit , would be extremely difficult in lunar orbit .
the university of chicago ( uchicago , chicago , or u of c ) is a private research university in chicago .
a referendum to vote on the proposed constitution was held on 4 august 2010 , and the new constitution passed by a wide margin .
on april 29 , 1961 , abc debuted wide world of sports , an anthology series created by edgar scherick through his company sports programs , inc. and produced by a young roone arledge which featured a different sporting event each broadcast .
in afghanistan , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviet union in the 1980s did not lead to justice and prosperity , due to a vicious and destructive civil war between political and tribal warlords , making afghanistan one of the poorest countries on earth .
teachers face several occupational hazards in their line of work , including occupational stress , which can negatively impact teachers ' mental and physical health , productivity , and students ' performance .
hillerbrand writes that there is nevertheless an undercurrent of challenge in several of the theses , particularly in thesis 86 , which asks : " why does the pope , whose wealth today is greater than the wealth of the richest crassus , build the basilica of st. peter with the money of poor believers rather than with his own money ? "
pharmacy organizations often use other symbols , such as the bowl of hygieia which is often used in the netherlands , conical measures , and caduceuses in their logos .
the average household size was 3.07. there were 111,529 families ( 70.4 % of all households ) ; the average family size was 3.62 .
the merger was suspended , and a complaint was filed by the department of justice in july 1967 , with itt going to trial in october 1967 ; the merger was officially canceled after the trial 's conclusion on january 1 , 1968 .
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey .
the centrifugal governor was adopted by james watt for use on a steam engine in 1788 after watt ’ s partner boulton saw one at a flour mill boulton & watt were building .
the war in north america officially ended with the signing of the treaty of paris on 10 february 1763 , and war in the european theatre of the seven years ' war was settled by the treaty of hubertusburg on 15 february 1763. the british offered france the choice of surrendering either its continental north american possessions east of the mississippi or the caribbean islands of guadeloupe and martinique , which had been occupied by the british .
a restartable version of the s-ivb was used as the third stage of the saturn v. the saturn ib could send over 40,000 pounds ( 18,100 kg ) into low earth orbit , sufficient for a partially fueled csm or the lm .
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states .
internet pharmacies ( also known as online pharmacies ) are also recommended to some patients by their physicians if they are homebound .
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " .
the apollo program was conceived during the eisenhower administration in early 1960 , as a follow-up to project mercury .
the leading schools such as the groton school had substantial endowments running to hundreds of millions of dollars supplemented by fundraising drives .
throughout the middle ages , newcastle was england 's northern fortress .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
the time derivative of the changing momentum of the object is what we label as " gravitational force " .
abc currently holds the broadcast rights to the academy awards , emmy awards ( which are rotated across all four major networks on a year-to-year basis ) , american music awards , disney parks christmas day parade , tournament of roses parade , country music association awards and the cma music festival .
the ipcc produces reports that support the united nations framework convention on climate change ( unfccc ) , which is the main international treaty on climate change .
in 1960 , canadian entrepreneur john bassett , who was trying to establish a television station in toronto , sought the help of abc to launch the station .
the north-eastern regions along the border with somalia and ethiopia are arid and semi-arid areas with near-desert landscapes .
however , on may 3 , 2013 , the florida legislature refused to approve the funding plan to pay for the renovations , dealing a significant blow to miami 's chances .
opec soon lost its preeminent position , and in 1981 , its production was surpassed by that of other countries .
the oude maas branches off , near dordrecht , farther down rejoining the nieuwe maas to form het scheur .
the original theatre royal in newcastle was opened on 21 january 1788 and was located on mosley street .
the french and indian war ( 1754–1763 ) was the north american theater of the worldwide seven years ' war .
he knew little about the technical details of the space program , and was put off by the massive financial commitment required by a manned moon landing .
european union law also applies in territories where a member state is responsible for external relations , for example gibraltar and the åland islands .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
tesla was raised an orthodox christian .
on february 9 , 1953 , the fcc approved upt 's purchase of abc in exchange for $ 25 million in shares .
as part of this merger , the network would have been renamed " abc-dumont " for five years , and dumont would have received $ 5 million in cash , room on the schedule for existing dumont programming , and guaranteed advertising time for dumont laboratories receivers .
during this period the university , like shimer college and 10 others , adopted an early entrant program that allowed very young students to attend college ; in addition , students enrolled at shimer were enabled to transfer automatically to the university of chicago after their second year , having taken comparable or identical examinations and courses .
the complexity class np , on the other hand , contains many problems that people would like to solve efficiently , but for which no efficient algorithm is known , such as the boolean satisfiability problem , the hamiltonian path problem and the vertex cover problem .
the conference was held at the lovely lane methodist church , considered the mother church of american methodism .
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest .
the fundamental theorem of arithmetic continues to hold in unique factorization domains .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
an early important political response to the opening of hostilities was the convening of the albany congress in june and july , 1754. the goal of the congress was to formalize a unified front in trade and negotiations with various indians , since allegiance of the various tribes and nations was seen to be pivotal in the success in the war that was unfolding .
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524–25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name .
john paul ii 's visits to his native country in 1979 and 1983 brought support to the budding solidarity movement and encouraged the growing anti-communist fervor there .
some priests and former religious had already married , including andreas karlstadt and justus jonas , but luther 's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage .
he squished his toes one hundred times for each foot every night , saying that it stimulated his brain cells .
due to an fcc ban on same-market ownership of television and radio stations by a single company ( although the deal would have otherwise complied with new ownership rules implemented by the fcc in january 1985 , that allowed broadcasters to own a maximum of 12 television stations ) , abc and capital cities respectively decided to sell wxyz-tv and tampa independent station wfts-tv to the e. w. scripps company ( although capital cities/abc originally intended to seek a cross-ownership waiver to retain wxyz and capital cities-owned radio stations wjr and whyt ) .
salvation originates with the father and draws the believer to the father .
plague remained a major event in ottoman society until the second quarter of the 19th century .
teachers may provide instruction in literacy and numeracy , craftsmanship or vocational training , the arts , religion , civics , community roles , or life skills .
in his lecture on april 16 , 2003 , edward said made a bold statement on modern imperialism in the united states , whom he described as using aggressive means of attack towards the contemporary orient , " due to their backward living , lack of democracy and the violation of women ’ s rights .
the counterpart in mongolian language was dai ön ulus , also rendered as ikh yuan üls or yekhe yuan ulus .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
tesla published the document in an attempt to expound on the technical description of a " superweapon that would put an end to all war . "
an architect normally manages the job , and a construction manager , design engineer , construction engineer or project manager supervises it .
the main response of the immune system to tumors is to destroy the abnormal cells using killer t cells , sometimes with the assistance of helper t cells .
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega .
many churches preserve sculptured fonts , capitals , and more importantly mosaics , which were common in norman italy and drew heavily on the greek heritage .
under the norman abbot robert de grantmesnil , several monks of saint-evroul fled to southern italy , where they were patronised by robert guiscard and established a latin monastery at sant'eufemia .
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms .
he wrote two hymns on the ten commandments , " dies sind die heilgen zehn gebot " and " mensch , willst du leben seliglich " .
as such , two official bodies of the united methodist church are part of the religious coalition for reproductive choice 's governing coalition , the general board of church and society , and the united methodist women .
the usgs has released a california earthquake forecast which models earthquake occurrence in california .
temüjin rescued her with the help of his friend and future rival , jamukha , and his protector , toghrul khan of the keraite tribe .
a 1964 msc study concluded , " the lm [ as lifeboat ] ... was finally dropped , because no single reasonable csm failure could be identified that would prohibit use of the sps . "
the height of this persecution was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre when 5,000 to 30,000 were killed , although there were also underlying political reasons for this as well , as some of the huguenots were nobles trying to establish separate centers of power in southern france .
in a typical year the amazon absorbs 1.5 gigatons of carbon dioxide ; during 2005 instead 5 gigatons were released and in 2010 8 gigatons were released .
such questions spurred the development of various branches of number theory , focusing on analytic or algebraic aspects of numbers .
the ability of the immune system to respond to pathogens is diminished in both the young and the elderly , with immune responses beginning to decline at around 50 years of age due to immunosenescence .
nevertheless , a few other yuan emperors actively sponsored cultural activities ; an example is tugh temur ( emperor wenzong ) , who wrote poetry , painted , read chinese classical texts , and ordered the compilation of books .
a public library is seen as a peoples university since it is open to all irrespective of age , literacy level and has materials relevant to people of all walks of life .
ctenophores form an animal phylum that is more complex than sponges , about as complex as cnidarians ( jellyfish , sea anemones , etc .
it is believed that if a problem can be solved by an algorithm , there exists a turing machine that solves the problem .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
a 2012 article placed this childhood juxtaposition of fear and thrill " at the center of many people 's relationship with the show " , and a 2011 online vote at digital spy deemed the series the " scariest tv show of all time " .
basic formal education starts at age six years and lasts 12 years comprising eight years in primary school and four years in high school or secondary school .
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot .
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates .
thoreau , at the time of his arrest , was not yet a well-known author , and his arrest was not covered in any newspapers in the days , weeks and months after it happened .
thunder from the released energy was heard 15 miles away in cripple creek , colorado .
there have been repeated discussions about regulating the use of his name and image to avoid trivialization .
the first historical reference to warsaw dates back to the year 1313 , at a time when kraków served as the polish capital city .
john schmitt and ben zipperer ( 2006 ) of the cepr point to economic liberalism and the reduction of business regulation along with the decline of union membership as one of the causes of economic inequality .
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer .
the flushing action of tears and urine also mechanically expels pathogens , while mucus secreted by the respiratory and gastrointestinal tract serves to trap and entangle microorganisms .
the emperor presented the final draft of the edict of worms on 25 may 1521 , declaring luther an outlaw , banning his literature , and requiring his arrest : " we want him to be apprehended and punished as a notorious heretic . "
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
gandhi 's acts have been described as revolutionary civil disobedience .
radical islamist organizations like al-qaeda and the egyptian islamic jihad , and groups such as the taliban , entirely reject democracy , often declaring as kuffar those muslims who support it ( see takfirism ) , as well as calling for violent/offensive jihad or urging and conducting attacks on a religious basis .
republicans , at first hostile to empire , only became supportive when germany started to build her own colonial empire .
in the aftermath of the 1979 referendum defeat , the campaign for a scottish assembly was initiated as a pressure group , leading to the 1989 scottish constitutional convention with various organisations such as scottish churches , political parties and representatives of industry taking part .
the main elements of this rift are the upper rhine graben , in southwest germany and eastern france and the lower rhine embayment , in northwest germany and the southeastern netherlands .
sky uk limited ( formerly british sky broadcasting or bskyb ) is a british telecommunications company which serves the united kingdom .
the logo also deviates from the template by featuring large numerals , colored in gold , behind the vince lombardi trophy , instead of underneath and in silver as in the standard logo .
bskyb launched its hdtv service , sky+ hd , on 22 may 2006. prior to its launch , bskyb claimed that 40,000 people had registered to receive the hd service .
it is a common misconception to ascribe the stiffness and rigidity of solid matter to the repulsion of like charges under the influence of the electromagnetic force .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
most early greeks did not even consider 1 to be a number , so they could not consider it to be a prime .
in early 1961 , direct ascent was generally the mission mode in favor at nasa .
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323. he continued his father 's policies to reform the government based on the confucian principles , with the help of his newly appointed grand chancellor baiju .
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare .
although by 1000 ce , the germanic conquest of central , western , and southern europe ( west of and including italy ) was complete , excluding only muslim iberia .
twelve actors have headlined the series as the doctor .
many known complexity classes are suspected to be unequal , but this has not been proved .
the present building was begun in the 12th century and the last addition to it , apart from the vestries , was the main porch in 1726. it is quite possible that there was an earlier church here dating from saxon times .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) .
official corporal punishment , often by caning , remains commonplace in schools in some asian , african and caribbean countries .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
on 11 july 1934 , the new york herald tribune published an article on tesla , in which he recalled an event that would occasionally take place while experimenting with his single-electrode vacuum tubes ; a minute particle would break off the cathode , pass out of the tube , and physically strike him .
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza .
some broadcasts are free-to-air and unencrypted , some are encrypted but do not require a monthly subscription ( known as free-to-view ) , some are encrypted and require a monthly subscription , and some are pay-per-view services .
the textbook examples are cydippids with egg-shaped bodies and a pair of retractable tentacles fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) that are covered with colloblasts , sticky cells that capture prey .
in some countries , formal education can take place through home schooling .
in addition , analysis of the medieval warm period cited reconstructions by crowley & lowery 2000 ( as cited in the tar ) and osborn & briffa 2006. ten of these 14 reconstructions covered 1,000 years or longer .
another form ( allotrope ) of oxygen , ozone ( o 3 ) , strongly absorbs uvb radiation and consequently the high-altitude ozone layer helps protect the biosphere from ultraviolet radiation , but is a pollutant near the surface where it is a by-product of smog .
if a problem x is in c and hard for c , then x is said to be complete for c. this means that x is the hardest problem in c. ( since many problems could be equally hard , one might say that x is one of the hardest problems in c. ) thus the class of np-complete problems contains the most difficult problems in np , in the sense that they are the ones most likely not to be in p. because the problem p = np is not solved , being able to reduce a known np-complete problem , π2 , to another problem , π1 , would indicate that there is no known polynomial-time solution for π1 .
glaucophyte chloroplasts also contain concentric unstacked thylakoids , which surround a carboxysome - an icosahedral structure that glaucophyte chloroplasts and cyanobacteria keep their carbon fixation enzyme rubisco in .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
however , the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... diverges ( i.e. , exceeds any given number ) , so there must be infinitely many primes .
southern california is a major economic center for the state of california and the united states .
for example , in his article , " a machine to end war " , published in 1937 , tesla stated :
an example would be wbai 's broadcasting the track " filthy words " from a george carlin comedy album , which eventually led to the 1978 supreme court case of fcc v. pacifica foundation .
the largest construction projects are referred to as megaprojects .
in the 19th century , shipbuilding and heavy engineering were central to the city 's prosperity ; and the city was a powerhouse of the industrial revolution .
in the year 2011 two ipcc special report were finalized , the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) and the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation ( srex ) .
university of chicago scholars have played a major role in the development of various academic disciplines , including : the chicago school of economics , the chicago school of sociology , the law and economics movement in legal analysis , the chicago school of literary criticism , the chicago school of religion , and the behavioralism school of political science .
throughout the 1980s and 1990s , demand for a scottish parliament grew , in part because the government of the united kingdom was controlled by the conservative party , while scotland itself elected relatively few conservative mps .
disney shareholders approved the merger at a special conference in new york city on january 4 , 1996 , with the acquisition of capital cities/abc being completed on february 9 ; following the sale , disney renamed its new subsidiary abc inc. in addition to the abc network , the disney acquisition integrated abc 's ten owned-and-operated television and 21 radio stations ; its 80 % interest in espn , ownership interests in the history channel , a & e television networks , and lifetime entertainment ; and capital cities/abc 's magazine and newspaper properties into the company .
muhammad ibn zakarīya rāzi ( rhazes ) ( 865–915 ) , for instance , acted to promote the medical uses of chemical compounds .
nasa immediately convened an accident review board , overseen by both houses of congress .
in the 18th century american timothy dexter , an entrepreneur , widely regarded as an eccentric , defied this idiom .
over the course of three years , the mongols destroyed and annihilated all of the major cities of eastern europe with the exceptions of novgorod and pskov .
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 .
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 .
turabi was noted for proclaiming his support for the democratic process and a liberal government before coming to power , but strict application of sharia law , torture and mass imprisonment of the opposition , and an intensification of the long-running war in southern sudan , once in power .
at the end of 1949 , movie theater operator united paramount theatres ( upt ) was forced by the u.s. supreme court to become an independent entity , separating itself from paramount pictures .
while many commute to l.a. and orange counties , there are some differences in development , as most of san bernardino and riverside counties ( the non-desert portions ) were developed in the 1980s and 1990s .
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species .
one theory is that , while disobedience may be helpful , any great amount of it would undermine the law by encouraging general disobedience which is neither conscientious nor of social benefit .
the teacher also needs to be enthusiastic about the subject matter they are teaching .
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration .
however , decnet phase ii ( and later ) were open standards with published specifications , and several implementations were developed outside dec , including one for linux .
since , in most flowering plants , chloroplasts are not inherited from the male parent , transgenes in these plastids can not be disseminated by pollen .
the yuan government used woodblocks to print paper money , but switched to bronze plates in 1275. the mongols experimented with establishing the chinese-style paper monetary system in mongol-controlled territories outside of china .
his main interest was centered on the prophecy of the little horn in daniel 8:9–12 , 23–25 .
each granum can contain anywhere from two to a hundred thylakoids , though grana with 10–20 thylakoids are most common .
alongside the traditional media availabilities , the event featured an opening ceremony with player introductions on a replica of the golden gate bridge .
on july 23 , 1963 , webb announced mueller 's appointment as deputy associate administrator for manned space flight , to replace then associate administrator d. brainerd holmes on his retirement effective september 1. under webb 's reorganization , the directors of the manned spacecraft center ( gilruth ) marshall space flight center ( von braun ) and the launch operations center ( debus ) effectively reported to mueller .
in his extensively detailed report , céloron wrote , " all i can say is that the natives of these localities are very badly disposed towards the french , and are entirely devoted to the english .
the fire that killed the apollo 1 crew in a launch pad test spread so rapidly because the capsule was pressurized with pure o 2 but at slightly more than atmospheric pressure , instead of the 1⁄3 normal pressure that would be used in a mission .
he was buried in the castle church in wittenberg , beneath the pulpit .
bskyb has no veto over the presence of channels on their epg , with open access being an enforced part of their operating licence from ofcom .
on 13 june 1525 , the couple was engaged with johannes bugenhagen , justus jonas , johannes apel , philipp melanchthon and lucas cranach the elder and his wife as witnesses .
the color was unofficially adopted ( in preference to magenta ) by an 1875 vote of the student body , although the association with some form of red can be traced back to 1858 , when charles william eliot , a young graduate student who would later become harvard 's 21st and longest-serving president ( 1869–1909 ) , bought red bandanas for his crew so they could more easily be distinguished by spectators at a regatta .
he had to work at various electrical repair jobs and even as a ditch digger for $ 2 per day .
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment .
it also featured the specially filmed mini-episode " music of the spheres " , written by russell t davies and starring david tennant .
it has also allowed for the rapid spread of technologies and ideas .
spain ceded florida to the british in 1763 after the french and indian war , and the british soon constructed the king 's road connecting st. augustine to georgia .
like the lombardi trophy , the " 50 " will be designed by tiffany & co .
bskyb utilises the videoguard pay-tv scrambling system owned by nds , a cisco systems company .
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city .
in 1967 , manuel blum developed an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms and proved an important result , the so-called , speed-up theorem .
pope leo x was used to reformers and heretics , and he responded slowly , " with great care as is proper . "
the emperor presented the final draft of the edict of worms on 25 may 1521 , declaring luther an outlaw , banning his literature , and requiring his arrest : " we want him to be apprehended and punished as a notorious heretic . "
however , abc 's issues with its transition to color became secondary compared to the network 's financial problems ; in 1964 , the network found itself , as goldenson later wrote in the 1991 book " beating the odds : the untold story behind the rise of abc " , " in the middle of a war [ where ] the battlefield was wall street " .
oxygen is present in the atmosphere in trace quantities in the form of carbon dioxide ( co 2 ) .
he is also given credit for the introduction of the traditional mongolian script and the creation of the ikh zasag ( great administration ) , the first written mongolian law .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
engineering news-record ( enr ) is a trade magazine for the construction industry .
nintendo and the pokémon company also made their super bowl debut , promoting the 20th anniversary of the pokémon video game and media franchise .
president grover cleveland attended the sub-tropical exposition in the city on february 22 , 1888 during his trip to florida .
however , attempting to reconcile electromagnetic theory with two observations , the photoelectric effect , and the nonexistence of the ultraviolet catastrophe , proved troublesome .
the score marked the first time in the entire postseason that carolina was facing a deficit .
clinical pharmacists care for patients in all health care settings , but the clinical pharmacy movement initially began inside hospitals and clinics .
the black death ravaged europe for three years before it continued on into russia , where the disease was present somewhere in the country 25 times between 1350 to 1490. plague epidemics ravaged london in 1563 , 1593 , 1603 , 1625 , 1636 , and 1665 , reducing its population by 10 to 30 % during those years .
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes .
in addition to the general assembly hall , the parliament also used buildings rented from the city of edinburgh council .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
the efficiency of a rankine cycle is usually limited by the working fluid .
roughly contemporaneous with maududi was the founding of the muslim brotherhood in ismailiyah , egypt in 1928 by hassan al banna .
inside cryptophyte chloroplasts is a pyrenoid and thylakoids in stacks of two .
an islamist movement influenced by salafism and the jihad in afghanistan , as well as the muslim brotherhood , was the fis or front islamique de salut ( the islamic salvation front ) in algeria .
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) .
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " wir glauben all an einen gott " ( " we all believe in one true god " ) is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism .
during the first sino-japanese war in 1894 , japan absorbed taiwan .
the mongol army under genghis khan , generals and his sons crossed the tien shan mountains by entering the area controlled by the khwarezmian empire .
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs .
kenya 's installed capacity stood at 1,142 megawatts between 2001 and 2003. the state-owned kenya electricity generating company ( kengen ) , established in 1997 under the name of kenya power company , handles the generation of electricity , while kenya power handles the electricity transmission and distribution system in the country .
state route 168 , the sierra freeway , heads east to the city of clovis and huntington lake .
each year , the southern california area has about 10,000 earthquakes .
the majority of building construction jobs are small renovations , such as addition of a room , or renovation of a bathroom .
the center in paris , a campus located on the left bank of the seine in paris , hosts various undergraduate and graduate study programs .
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays .
bskyb 's digital service was officially launched on 1 october 1998 under the name sky digital , although small-scale tests were carried out before then .
within the los angeles area are the major business districts of downtown burbank , downtown santa monica , downtown glendale and downtown long beach .
colonialism 's core meaning is the exploitation of the valuable assets and supplies of the nation that was conquered and the conquering nation then gaining the benefits from the spoils of the war .
the primary companions of the ninth and tenth doctors were rose tyler ( billie piper ) , martha jones ( freema agyeman ) , and donna noble ( catherine tate ) with mickey smith ( noel clarke ) and jack harkness ( john barrowman ) recurring as secondary companion figures .
this forms the basis for the complexity class p , which is the set of decision problems solvable by a deterministic turing machine within polynomial time .
the trout river , a major tributary of the st. johns river , is located entirely within jacksonville .
conversely , some hormones are regulated by the immune system , notably thyroid hormone activity .
according to the good schools guide approximately 9 per cent of children being educated in the uk are doing so at fee-paying schools at gsce level and 13 per cent at a-level .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
breast milk or colostrum also contains antibodies that are transferred to the gut of the infant and protect against bacterial infections until the newborn can synthesize its own antibodies .
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 .
there are also several lakes in warsaw – mainly the oxbow lakes , like czerniaków lake , the lakes in the łazienki or wilanów parks , kamionek lake .
similarly , the sieve of eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered a prime : a modified version of the sieve that considers 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of 1 ( that is , all other numbers ) and produce as output only the single number 1. furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function .
if a problem x is in c and hard for c , then x is said to be complete for c. this means that x is the hardest problem in c. ( since many problems could be equally hard , one might say that x is one of the hardest problems in c. ) thus the class of np-complete problems contains the most difficult problems in np , in the sense that they are the ones most likely not to be in p. because the problem p = np is not solved , being able to reduce a known np-complete problem , π2 , to another problem , π1 , would indicate that there is no known polynomial-time solution for π1 .
killer t cells only recognize antigens coupled to class i mhc molecules , while helper t cells and regulatory t cells only recognize antigens coupled to class ii mhc molecules .
this innovative approach to bringing young people to museums was a hallmark of the directorship of roy strong and was subsequently emulated by some other british museums .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
the name fresno means " ash tree " in spanish , and an ash leaf is featured on the city 's flag .
apollo 13 launched lovell , jack swigert , and fred haise in april 1970 , headed for the fra mauro formation .
the university of chicago is governed by a board of trustees .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
in july 1977 , general zia-ul-haq overthrew prime minister zulfiqar ali bhutto 's regime in pakistan .
phycobilins often organize into relatively large protein complexes about 40 nanometers across called phycobilisomes .
however , other researchers have argued that the placement of ctenophora as sister to all other animals is a statistical anomaly caused by the high rate of evolution in ctenophore genomes , and that porifera ( sponges ) is the earliest-diverging animal phylum instead .
reflecting the economic nature of the project , the european community originally focused upon free movement of workers : as a " factor of production " .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
some tumor cells also release products that inhibit the immune response ; for example by secreting the cytokine tgf-β , which suppresses the activity of macrophages and lymphocytes .
none succeeded and the main effort by braddock was a disaster ; he was defeated in the battle of the monongahela on july 9 , 1755 and died a few days later .
the legislature of the european union is principally composed of the european parliament and the council of the european union , which under the treaties may establish secondary law to pursue the objective set out in the treaties .
on the basis of cst , burnet developed a theory of how an immune response is triggered according to the self/nonself distinction : " self " constituents ( constituents of the body ) do not trigger destructive immune responses , while " nonself " entities ( pathogens , an allograft ) trigger a destructive immune response .
the first manned flight of apollo was in 1968 .
of particular concern with internet pharmacies is the ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship .
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools .
many member state courts believe they decide , other member state parliaments believe they decide , while within the eu , the court of justice believes it has the final say .
accelerations can be defined through kinematic measurements .
governor jennings declare martial law and sent the state militia to maintain order .
:247 he was also critical of einstein 's theory of relativity , saying :
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) .
when the committee for non-violent action sponsored a protest in august 1957 , at the camp mercury nuclear test site near las vegas , nevada , 13 of the protesters attempted to enter the test site knowing that they faced arrest .
he insisted that , since forgiveness was god 's alone to grant , those who claimed that indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation were in error .
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) .
gandhi 's satyagraha was partially influenced and inspired by shelley 's nonviolence in protest and political action .
the first result in that direction is the prime number theorem , proven at the end of the 19th century , which says that the probability that a given , randomly chosen number n is prime is inversely proportional to its number of digits , or to the logarithm of n .
sudden cabin pressure loss activates chemical oxygen generators above each seat , causing oxygen masks to drop .
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " .
temüjin 's mother hoelun taught him many lessons about the unstable political climate of mongolia , especially the need for alliances .
their defeat by the swabian league at the battle of frankenhausen on 15 may 1525 , followed by müntzer 's execution , brought the revolutionary stage of the reformation to a close .
tropicality can be paralleled with edward said ’ s orientalism as the west ’ s construction of the east as the “ other ” .
one of the rarest items in the collection is the 58 cm high gloucester candlestick , dated to c1110 , made from gilt bronze ; with highly elaborate and intricate intertwining branches containing small figures and inscriptions , it is a tour de force of bronze casting .
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits .
the ones that accept government funds are called 'aided ' schools .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
pharmacists provide direct patient care services that optimizes the use of medication and promotes health , wellness , and disease prevention .
the statement was in latin , apart from " we are beggars , " which was in german .
luther responded to these theses with six series of theses against agricola and the antinomians , four of which became the basis for disputations between 1538 and 1540. he also responded to these assertions in other writings , such as his 1539 open letter to c. güttel against the antinomians , and his book on the councils and the church from the same year .
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities .
the previous record was 244 yards by the baltimore ravens in super bowl xxxv .
in the united states , the umc ranks as the largest mainline protestant denomination , the largest protestant church after the southern baptist convention , and the third largest christian denomination .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
authors may refer to non-peer-reviewed sources ( the " grey literature " ) , provided that they are of sufficient quality .
the final part of the museum designed by scott was the art library and what is now the sculpture gallery on the south side of the garden , built 1877–83 , the exterior mosaic panels in the parapet were designed by reuben townroe who also designed the plaster work in the library , sir john taylor designed the book shelves and cases , also this was the first part of the museum to have electric lighting .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
luther rarely encountered jews during his life , but his attitudes reflected a theological and cultural tradition which saw jews as a rejected people guilty of the murder of christ , and he lived within a local community that had expelled jews some ninety years earlier .
the centre-left australian labor party ( alp ) , the centre-right liberal party of australia , the rural-based national party of australia , and the environmentalist australian greens are victoria 's main political parties .
the innate leukocytes include the phagocytes ( macrophages , neutrophils , and dendritic cells ) , mast cells , eosinophils , basophils , and natural killer cells .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
downtown san diego is the central business district of san diego , though the city is filled with business districts .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
the earliest known reference to immunity was during the plague of athens in 430 bc .
martin luther married katharina von bora , one of 12 nuns he had helped escape from the nimbschen cistercian convent in april 1523 , when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels .
his father arranged a marriage for him , and at nine years of age he was delivered by his father to the family of his future wife börte , who was a member of the tribe khongirad .
in 1988 the band the justified ancients of mu mu ( later known as the klf ) released the single " doctorin ' the tardis " under the name the timelords , which reached no .
for instance , the biggest school chain , kunskapsskolan ( “ the knowledge school ” ) , offers 30 schools and a web-based environment , has 700 employees and teaches nearly 10,000 pupils .
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) .
while the mercury capsule could only support one astronaut on a limited earth orbital mission , apollo would carry three astronauts .
such qualifications were introduced under the house of commons disqualification act 1975 and the british nationality act 1981. specifically , members must be over the age of 18 and must be a citizen of the united kingdom , the republic of ireland , one of the countries in the commonwealth of nations , a citizen of a british overseas territory , or a european union citizen resident in the uk .
dubbed skylab , it was constructed complete on the ground rather than in space , and launched in 1973 using the two lower stages of a saturn v. it was equipped with an apollo telescope mount , the solar telescope that would have been used on the apollo telescope missions .
most of the rhine 's current course was not under the ice during the last ice age ; although , its source must still have been a glacier .
the second step of the factory project is to catalog everything .
developer william smilie created the nation 's first planned aviation community .
where the laws of member states provide for lesser rights european union law can be enforced by the courts of member states .
on august 30 , a feasibility study competition was announced , and on october 25 , three study contracts were awarded to general dynamics/convair , general electric , and the glenn l. martin company .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) .
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion .
there were 4 han tumens and 3 khitan tumens , with each tumen consisting of 10,000 troops .
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants .
there is a feature on the victoria and albert museum web-site called " search the collections , " but not everything is listed there .
its substance was very similar to the proposed constitutional treaty , but it was formally an amending treaty , and – though it significantly altered the existing treaties – it did not completely replace them .
the region spans from pacific ocean islands , shorelines , beaches , and coastal plains , through the transverse and peninsular ranges with their peaks , into the large and small interior valleys , to the vast deserts of california .
victoria contains many topographically , geologically and climatically diverse areas , ranging from the wet , temperate climate of gippsland in the southeast to the snow-covered victorian alpine areas which rise to almost 2,000 m ( 6,600 ft ) , with mount bogong the highest peak at 1,986 m ( 6,516 ft ) .
in southern california there are also twelve cities with more than 200,000 residents and 34 cities over 100,000 in population .
his 1543 treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) took its place among other anti-jewish literature of the times , although historians acknowledge that this treatise was particularly extreme , even by the standards of sixteenth century europe .
though there is no official definition for the northern boundary of southern california , such a division has existed from the time when mexico ruled california , and political disputes raged between the californios of monterey in the upper part and los angeles in the lower part of alta california .
the american broadcasting company ( abc ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) is an american commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the disney–abc television group , a subsidiary of disney media networks division of the walt disney company .
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc .
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
justifying grace or accepting grace is that grace , offered by god to all people , that we receive by faith and trust in christ , through which god pardons the believer of sin .
over time , the cyanobacterium was assimilated , and many of its genes were lost or transferred to the nucleus of the host .
the 8- and 10-county definitions are not used for the greater southern california megaregion , one of the 11 megaregions of the united states .
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe .
european empires in asia and africa " have come to be seen as the classic forms of imperialism : and indeed most books on the subject confine themselves to the european seaborne empires " .
on tesla 's 75th birthday in 1931 , time magazine put him on its cover .
in other words , to phrase matters more technically , the laws of physics are the same in every inertial frame of reference , that is , in all frames related by a galilean transformation .
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection .
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact .
tesla was asocial and prone to seclude himself with his work .
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity .
vampire bats dwell in the rainforest and can spread the rabies virus .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes , probabilistic ( or " monte carlo " ) and deterministic algorithms .
dating back to 1936 warsaw historical museum contains 60 rooms which host a permanent exhibition of the history of warsaw from its origins until today .
this means that it takes energy to pack them together .
in particular , newton determined that the acceleration of the moon around the earth could be ascribed to the same force of gravity if the acceleration due to gravity decreased as an inverse square law .
from the death of augustus in ad 14 until after ad 70 , rome accepted as her germanic frontier the water-boundary of the rhine and upper danube .
a small fraction of the flow is diverted off the island of mainau into lake überlingen .
the centre refreshment room 1865–77 was designed in a renaissance style by james gamble , the walls and even the ionic columns are covered in decorative and moulded ceramic tile , the ceiling consists of elaborate designs on enamelled metal sheets and matching stained-glass windows , the marble fireplace was designed and sculpted by alfred stevens and was removed from dorchester house prior to that building 's demolition in 1929. the grill room 1876–81 was designed by sir edward poynter , the lower part of the walls consist of blue and white tiles with various figures and foliage enclosed by wood panelling , above there are large tiled scenes with figures depicting the four seasons and the twelve months these were painted by ladies from the art school then based in the museum , the windows are also stained glass , there is an elaborate cast-iron grill still in place .
in 1767 political activity caused exploitation of the east india company causing the plundering of the local economy , almost bringing the company into bankruptcy .
the standard model predicts that exchanged particles called gauge bosons are the fundamental means by which forces are emitted and absorbed .
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
in february 1979 , abc sold its recording division to mca inc. for $ 20 million ; the label was discontinued by march 5 of that year , and all of its 300 employees were laid off ( the rights to the works of abc records and all of mca 's other labels have since been acquired by universal music group ) .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
welsh medium education is available to all age groups through nurseries , schools , colleges and universities and in adult education ; lessons in the language itself are compulsory for all pupils until the age of 16 .
he was a believer in the 19th century concept of an all pervasive " ether " that transmitted electrical energy .
in addition , abc on demand ( like the video-on-demand television services provided by the other u.s. broadcast networks ) disallows fast forwarding of accessed content .
the normans left their legacy in many castles , such as william iron arm 's citadel at squillace , and cathedrals , such as roger ii 's cappella palatina chapel at palermo , which dot the landscape and give a wholly distinct architectural flavor to accompany its unique history .
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia .
several prominent german military , cultural , and political figures were ethnic huguenot , including poet theodor fontane , general hermann von françois , the hero of the first world war battle of tannenberg , luftwaffe general and fighter ace adolf galland , luftwaffe flying ace hans-joachim marseille , and famed u-boat captain lothar von arnauld de la perière .
the use of remote sensing for the conservation of the amazon is also being used by the indigenous tribes of the basin to protect their tribal lands from commercial interests .
while studying law and philosophy in england and germany , iqbal became a member of the london branch of the all india muslim league .
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments .
they retained the religious provisions of the edict of nantes until the rule of louis xiv , who progressively increased persecution of them until he issued the edict of fontainebleau ( 1685 ) , which abolished all legal recognition of protestantism in france , and forced the huguenots to convert .
thus , each such firm may offer itself as " one-stop shopping " for a construction project , from beginning to end .
on 31 july 1963 whitaker commissioned terry nation to write a story under the title the mutants .
areas with predominant student populations include jesmond and heaton .
from 66–34 mya , the rainforest extended as far south as 45° .
leonard goldenson agreed to acquire a 25 % interest in cfto-tv ; however , legislation by the canadian radio-television commission prohibited abc 's involvement , resulting in the company withdrawing from the project before the station 's launch .
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration .
the city is the seat of a roman catholic archdiocese ( left bank of the vistula ) and diocese ( right bank ) , and possesses various universities , most notably the polish academy of sciences and the university of warsaw , two opera houses , theatres , museums , libraries and monuments .
in some mass arrest situations , the activists decide to use solidarity tactics to secure the same plea bargain for everyone .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
a new custom typeface , " abc modern " ( which was inspired by the logotype ) , was also created for use in advertising and other promotional materials .
finally , the bbc reported that 17,000 customers had yet to receive the service due to failed deliveries .
their local rivals , polonia warsaw , have significantly fewer supporters , yet they managed to win ekstraklasa championship in 2000. they also won the country ’ s championship in 1946 , and won the cup twice as well .
neutrophils are normally found in the bloodstream and are the most abundant type of phagocyte , normally representing 50 % to 60 % of the total circulating leukocytes .
newcastle 's gay scene - 'the pink triangle ' - is centred on the times square area near the centre for life and has a range of bars , cafés and clubs .
in 2005 the factory was sold to avtozaz , a ukrainian car manufacturer which assembled there the chevrolet aveo .
the focus on co-operation is to ameliorate the many problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry .
but once again they came up empty , this time as a result of a newton pass that bounced off the hands of ginn and was intercepted by safety t. j. ward .
a rudimentary steam turbine device was described by taqi al-din in 1551 and by giovanni branca in 1629. jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont received patents in 1606 for fifty steam powered inventions , including a water pump for draining inundated mines .
though john wesley originally wanted the methodists to stay within the church of england , the american revolution decisively separated the methodists in the american colonies from the life and sacraments of the anglican church .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
in hinduism the spiritual teacher is known as a guru , and , in many traditions of hinduism - especially those common in the west - the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high , with gurus often exercising a great deal of control over the lives of their disciples .
the weavers , a half-timbered house by the river , was the site of a weaving school from the late 16th century to about 1830 .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks .
for eight days in lent , beginning on invocavit sunday , 9 march , luther preached eight sermons , which became known as the " invocavit sermons " .
a study by the american association of university women reported that 9.6 % of students in the united states claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education ; be they a volunteer , bus driver , teacher , administrator or other adult ; sometime during their educational career .
red ribbons were used to represent the entertainment division , while blue ribbons were used for abc news .
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " .
in ancient greece , diocles of carystus ( 4th century bc ) was one of several men studying the medicinal properties of plants .
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view .
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) .
as of march 2015 [ update ] , abc has eight owned-and-operated stations , and current and pending affiliation agreements with 235 additional television stations encompassing 49 states , the district of columbia , four u.s. possessions , bermuda and saba ; this makes abc the largest u.s. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates .
this rivalry , though , is put aside every two years when the harvard and yale track and field teams come together to compete against a combined oxford university and cambridge university team , a competition that is the oldest continuous international amateur competition in the world .
to classify the computation time ( or similar resources , such as space consumption ) , one is interested in proving upper and lower bounds on the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem .
westinghouse also hired tesla for one year for the large fee of $ 2,000 ( $ 52,700 in today 's dollars ) per month to be a consultant at the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company 's pittsburgh labs .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
however , kgo-tv in san francisco , which had received its license prior to the freeze , made its debut on may 5 , 1949. on may 7 , 1949 , billboard revealed that abc had proposed an investment of $ 6.25 million , of which it would spend $ 2.5 million to convert 20 acres ( 80,937 m2 ) of land in hollywood into what would become the prospect studios , and construct a transmitter on mount wilson , in anticipation of the launch of keca-tv , which was scheduled to begin operations on august 1 ( but would not actually sign on until september 16 ) .
chloroplastidan chloroplasts have lost the peptidoglycan wall between their double membrane , and have replaced it with an intermembrane space .
westinghouse convinced tesla to release his company from the licensing agreement over tesla 's ac patents in exchange for westinghouse electric purchasing the patents for a lump sum payment of $ 216,000 ; this provided westinghouse a break from what , due to alternating current 's rapid gain in popularity , had turned out to be an overly generous $ 2.50 per ac horsepower royalty .
the present mediterranean sea descends from this somewhat larger tethys sea .
warsaw uprising hill ( 121 metres ( 397.0 ft ) ) , szczęśliwice hill ( 138 metres ( 452.8 ft ) – the highest point of warsaw in general ) .
in physics , the university was the site of the chicago pile-1 ( the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction , part of the manhattan project ) , of robert millikan 's oil-drop experiment that calculated the charge of the electron , and of the development of radiocarbon dating by willard f. libby in 1947. the chemical experiment that tested how life originated on early earth , the miller–urey experiment , was conducted at the university .
the deportation of acadians beginning in 1755 resulted in land made available to migrants from europe and the colonies further south .
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection .
other faults include the san jacinto fault , the puente hills fault , and the elsinore fault zone .
a few chloroplast genes found new homes in the mitochondrial genome—most became nonfunctional pseudogenes , though a few trna genes still work in the mitochondrion .
the war of the austrian succession ( whose north american theater is known as king george 's war ) formally ended in 1748 with the signing of the treaty of aix-la-chapelle .
the mission and christmas provided an inspiring end to 1968 , which had been a troubled year for the us , marked by vietnam war protests , race riots , and the assassinations of civil rights leader martin luther king , jr. , and senator robert f. kennedy .
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day .
watt 's ten-horsepower engines enabled a wide range of manufacturing machinery to be powered .
he had an older brother named dane and three sisters , milka , angelina and marica .
while the military effectiveness of these " afghan arabs " was marginal , an estimated 16,000 to 35,000 muslim volunteers came from around the world came to fight in afghanistan .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
former ipcc chairman robert watson has said " the mistakes all appear to have gone in the direction of making it seem like climate change is more serious by overstating the impact .
two tourist railways operate over 760 mm ( 2 ft 6 in ) narrow gauge lines , which are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines which were built in mountainous areas .
no plans were announced regarding the recognition of harvey martin , co-mvp of super bowl xii , who died in 2001 .
an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech , and he died shortly afterwards at 2:45 a.m. on 18 february 1546 , aged 62 , in eisleben , the city of his birth .
a study of swedish counties between 1960 and 2000 found a positive impact of inequality on growth with lead times of five years or less , but no correlation after ten years .
with a population of 3,792,621 , los angeles is the most populous city in california and the second most populous in the united states .
notable exceptions were : the daleks ' master plan , which aired in 12 episodes ( plus an earlier one-episode teaser , " mission to the unknown " , featuring none of the regular cast ) ; almost an entire season of seven-episode serials ( season 7 ) ; the 10-episode serial the war games ; and the trial of a time lord , which ran for 14 episodes ( albeit divided into three production codes and four narrative segments ) during season 23. occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy .
the red phycoerytherin pigment is an adaptation to help red algae catch more sunlight in deep water—as such , some red algae that live in shallow water have less phycoerytherin in their rhodoplasts , and can appear more greenish .
with abercrombie pinned down at albany , montcalm slipped away and led the successful attack on oswego in august .
the dutch health authorities regarded the treatment unnecessary , so she argued this restricted the freedom ( of the german health clinic ) to provide services .
the scottish parliament is unable to legislate on such issues that are reserved to , and dealt with at , westminster ( and where ministerial functions usually lie with uk government ministers ) .
one in five of all the bird species in the world live in the rainforests of the amazon , and one in five of the fish species live in amazonian rivers and streams .
during the 1970s and sometimes later , western and pro-western governments often supported sometimes fledgling islamists and islamist groups that later came to be seen as dangerous enemies .
their most distinctive feature is the ‘ combs ’ – groups of cilia which they use for swimming – they are the largest animals that swim by means of cilia .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
the invasion failed both militarily and politically , as pitt again planned significant campaigns against new france , and sent funds to britain 's ally on the mainland , prussia , and the french navy failed in the 1759 naval battles at lagos and quiberon bay .
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york .
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance .
after petitioning the british crown in 1697 for the right to own land in the baronies , they prospered as slave owners on the cooper , ashepoo , ashley and santee river plantations they purchased from the british landgrave edmund bellinger .
if pathogens successfully evade the innate response , vertebrates possess a second layer of protection , the adaptive immune system , which is activated by the innate response .
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock .
the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages ( including karlodinium and karenia ) lost their original red algal derived chloroplast , and replaced it with a new chloroplast derived from a haptophyte endosymbiont .
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
luther refused to recant his writings .
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku .
southern california is also home to the port of los angeles , the united states ' busiest commercial port ; the adjacent port of long beach , the united states ' second busiest container port ; and the port of san diego .
warsaw has also two botanic gardens : by the łazienki park ( a didactic-research unit of the university of warsaw ) as well as by the park of culture and rest in powsin ( a unit of the polish academy of science ) .
in the year 2011 two ipcc special report were finalized , the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) and the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation ( srex ) .
newcastle was one of the first cities in the world to be lit up by electric lighting .
there have been debates as to whether civil disobedience must necessarily be non-violent .
another factor in the early 1990s that worked to radicalize the islamist movement was the gulf war , which brought several hundred thousand us and allied non-muslim military personnel to saudi arabian soil to put an end to saddam hussein 's occupation of kuwait .
he often accompanied the sung hymns with a lute , later recreated as the waldzither that became a national instrument of germany in the 20th century .
in cases where the criminalized behavior is pure speech , civil disobedience can consist simply of engaging in the forbidden speech .
on the other hand , in the late 1980s the western atlantic ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the black sea and sea of azov via the ballast tanks of ships , and has been blamed for causing sharp drops in fish catches by eating both fish larvae and small crustaceans that would otherwise feed the adult fish .
in tibetan buddhism the teachers of dharma in tibet are most commonly called a lama .
some autoimmune diseases such as lupus erythematosus strike women preferentially , and their onset often coincides with puberty .
the airport handles over five million passengers per year , and is the tenth largest , and the fastest growing regional airport in the uk , expecting to reach 10 million passengers by 2016 , and 15 million by 2030. as of 2007 [ update ] , over 90 destinations are available worldwide .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
newcastle international airport is located approximately 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) from the city centre on the northern outskirts of the city near ponteland and is the larger of the two main airports serving the north east .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools .
physicists are still attempting to develop self-consistent unification models that would combine all four fundamental interactions into a theory of everything .
a teacher 's role may vary among cultures .
non-combustion heat sources such as solar power , nuclear power or geothermal energy may be used .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
in 1957 , abc entertainment president ollie treiz discovered that the locally produced variety show bandstand had pulled very strong ratings in the philadelphia market on wfil-tv ; treiz ultimately negotiated a deal to take the show national , under the revised title american bandstand ; the show quickly became a social phenomenon by presenting new musical talent and dances to america 's youth and helped make a star out of its host , dick clark .
abc 's flagship productions at the time were the lone ranger , based on the radio program of the same title , and the adventures of ozzie and harriet , the latter of which ( at 13 seasons , running from 1952 to 1965 ) held the record for the longest-running prime time comedy in u.s. television history , until it was surpassed by the simpsons in 2002 .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
after each team punted , panthers quarterback cam newton appeared to complete a 24-yard pass jerricho cotchery , but the call was ruled an incompletion and upheld after a replay challenge .
in 1521 luther dealt largely with prophecy , in which he broadened the foundations of the reformation placing them on prophetic faith .
it further contends that only a minority of the genetic material is kept in circular chromosomes while the rest is in branched , linear , or other complex structures .
the main quadrangles consist of six quadrangles , each surrounded by buildings , bordering one larger quadrangle .
one example is an enzyme called tyrosinase that , when expressed at high levels , transforms certain skin cells ( e.g .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
a computer system called modes cataloging system was used from the 1980s to the 1990s , but those electronic files were not available to the library users .
while the fulton mall corridor has suffered a sharp decline from its heyday , the mall includes some of the finest public art pieces in the country , including the only pierre-auguste renoir piece in the world that one can walk up to and touch .
martin luther was born to hans luder ( or ludher , later luther ) and his wife margarethe ( née lindemann ) on 10 november 1483 in eisleben , saxony , then part of the holy roman empire .
[ citation needed ] although imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years , the term " age of imperialism " generally refers to the activities of european powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century , for example , the " the great game " in persian lands , the " scramble for africa " and the " open door policy " in china .
in australia , the show has had a strong fan base since its inception , having been exclusively first run by the australian broadcasting corporation ( abc ) since january 1965. the abc has periodically repeated episodes ; of note were the weekly screenings of all available classic episodes starting in 2003 , for the show 's 40th anniversary , and the weekdaily screenings of all available revived episodes in 2013 for the show 's 50th anniversary .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
once a pathogen has been engulfed by a phagocyte , it becomes trapped in an intracellular vesicle called a phagosome , which subsequently fuses with another vesicle called a lysosome to form a phagolysosome .
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " .
this and other observations of acquired immunity were later exploited by louis pasteur in his development of vaccination and his proposed germ theory of disease .
masking antigens with host molecules is another common strategy for avoiding detection by the immune system .
other components are often present ; pumps ( such as an injector ) to supply water to the boiler during operation , condensers to recirculate the water and recover the latent heat of vaporisation , and superheaters to raise the temperature of the steam above its saturated vapour point , and various mechanisms to increase the draft for fireboxes .
eu competition law has its origins in the european coal and steel community ( ecsc ) agreement between france , italy , belgium , the netherlands , luxembourg and germany in 1951 following the second world war .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
chinese physicians opposed western medicine because its humoral system contradicted the yin-yang and wuxing philosophy underlying traditional chinese medicine .
with the beginning of the new era , the after stalin period called the " thaw " , in the late 1950s , the new political leader nikita khrushchev put even more pressure on the soviet-american relations starting a new wave of anti-imperialist propaganda .
the hoppings funfair , said to be the largest travelling funfair in europe , is held here annually in june .
:251 although the aircraft was probably impractical , it may be the earliest known design for what became the tiltrotor/tilt-wing concept as well as the earliest proposal for the use of turbine engines in rotor aircraft .
writers whose papers are in the library are as diverse as charles dickens and beatrix potter .
now at a strong second place , the network entered the 1990s with additional family-friendly hits including america 's funniest home videos ( which has gone on to become the longest-running prime time entertainment program in the network 's history ) , step by step , hangin ' with mr. cooper , boy meets world and perfect strangers spinoff family matters , as well as series such as doogie howser , m.d. , life goes on , cult favorite twin peaks and the commish .
" on the other hand , markets can also concentrate wealth , pass environmental costs on to society , and abuse workers and consumers . "
in groener v minister for education the court of justice accepted that a requirement to speak gaelic to teach in a dublin design college could be justified as part of the public policy of promoting the irish language , but only if the measure was not disproportionate .
there are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end , and are spaced evenly round the body .
the success of any pathogen depends on its ability to elude host immune responses .
for the 2012–13 school year annual tuition was $ 38,000 , with a total cost of attendance of $ 57,000 .
this relationship eventually produced closer ties of blood through the marriage of emma , sister of duke richard ii of normandy , and king ethelred ii of england .
high school education during the period was designed to equip students with necessary skill sets to be able to perform at work .
rugby is also a growing sport in southern california , particularly at the high school level , with increasing numbers of schools adding rugby as an official school sport .
during the protestant reformation , lefevre , a professor at the university of paris , published his french translation of the new testament in 1523 , followed by the whole bible in the french language in 1530. william farel was a student of lefevre who went on to become a leader of the swiss reformation , establishing a protestant government in geneva .
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no .
it was first established in 1988 by two united nations organizations , the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) and the united nations environment programme ( unep ) , and later endorsed by the united nations general assembly through resolution 43/53 .
in the words of the secretary general of the united nations ban ki-moon : " while economic growth is necessary , it is not sufficient for progress on reducing poverty . "
the contracted batch of 15 saturn vs were enough for lunar landing missions through apollo 20. nasa publicized a preliminary list of eight more planned landing sites , with plans to increase the mass of the csm and lm for the last five missions , along with the payload capacity of the saturn v. these final missions would combine the i and j types in the 1967 list , allowing the cmp to operate a package of lunar orbital sensors and cameras while his companions were on the surface , and allowing them to stay on the moon for over three days .
depending on the value of the spin , identical particles split into two different classes , fermions and bosons .
along with advancements in communication , europe also continued to advance in military technology .
the education service contracting scheme of the government provides financial assistance for tuition and other school fees of students turned away from public high schools because of enrollment overflows .
by 1700 , one-fifth of the city 's population was french speaking .
members of the cydippid genus pleurobrachia and the lobate bolinopsis often reach high population densities at the same place and time because they specialize in different types of prey : pleurobrachia 's long tentacles mainly capture relatively strong swimmers such as adult copepods , while bolinopsis generally feeds on smaller , weaker swimmers such as rotifers and mollusc and crustacean larvae .
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy .
none of the original treaties establishing the european union mention protection for fundamental rights .
despite manning 's problems with interceptions during the season , he did n't throw any in their two playoff games .
during excavations at lake turkana in 1984 , paleoanthropologist richard leakey assisted by kamoya kimeu discovered the turkana boy , a 1.6-million-year-old fossil belonging to homo erectus .
and the critically pilloried cop rock for abc earlier in the decade ) ; lasting ten seasons , the drama became known for its boundary pushing of network television standards ( particularly its occasional use of graphic language and rear nudity ) , which led some affiliates to initially refuse to air the show in its first season .
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower .
in the summers , temperature ranges are 90-60 's while as winters are 70-50 's , usually all of southern california have mediterranean climate .
the molecules between the photosystems harness the electrons ' energy to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , creating a concentration gradient , with more hydrogen ions ( up to a thousand times as many ) inside the thylakoid system than in the stroma .
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific .
under defensive coordinator wade phillips , the broncos ' defense ranked number one in total yards allowed , passing yards allowed and sacks , and like the previous three seasons , the team has continued to set numerous individual , league and franchise records .
on july 23 , 1963 , webb announced mueller 's appointment as deputy associate administrator for manned space flight , to replace then associate administrator d. brainerd holmes on his retirement effective september 1. under webb 's reorganization , the directors of the manned spacecraft center ( gilruth ) marshall space flight center ( von braun ) and the launch operations center ( debus ) effectively reported to mueller .
in a form of additive building construction , similar to the additive manufacturing techniques for manufactured parts , building printing is making it possible to flexibly construct small commercial buildings and private habitations in around 20 hours , with built-in plumbing and electrical facilities , in one continuous build , using large 3d printers .
seven days to the river rhine was a warsaw pact war plan for an invasion of western europe during the cold war .
the logo from 1973–80 was used for the third doctor 's final season and for the majority of the fourth doctor 's tenure .
british settlers outnumbered the french 20 to 1 with a population of about 1.5 million ranged along the eastern coast of the continent , from nova scotia and newfoundland in the north , to georgia in the south .
these attacks resonated with conservative muslims and the problem did not go away with saddam 's defeat either , since american troops remained stationed in the kingdom , and a de facto cooperation with the palestinian-israeli peace process developed .
to the south and with a population of 1,307,402 is san diego , the second most populous city in the state and the eighth most populous in the nation .
john houghton , who was a co-chair of tar wgi , has responded to lindzen 's criticisms of the spm .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
published at a time of rising demand for german-language publications , luther 's version quickly became a popular and influential bible translation .
in the 1910s , new york–based filmmakers were attracted to jacksonville 's warm climate , exotic locations , excellent rail access , and cheap labor .
the french protestant church of london was established by royal charter in 1550. it is now located at soho square .
before the freeze ended in 1952 , there were only 108 existing television stations in the united states ; a few major cities ( such as boston ) had only two television stations , many other cities ( such as pittsburgh and st. louis ) had only one , and still many others ( such as denver and portland ) did not yet have any television service .
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham .
all green parts of a plant contain chloroplasts—the chloroplasts , or more specifically , the chlorophyll in them are what make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green .
from a mathematical viewpoint , it roughly states that the asymptotic distribution of primes ( about x/log x of numbers less than x are primes , the prime number theorem ) also holds for much shorter intervals of length about the square root of x ( for intervals near x ) .
contrasting from britain , france sent small numbers of settlers to its colonies , with the only notable exception of algeria , where french settlers nevertheless always remained a small minority .
the neighborhood is traditionally considered to be the center of fresno 's african-american community .
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages .
stephen kemble of the famous kemble family successfully managed the original theatre royal , newcastle for fifteen years ( 1791–1806 ) .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
the combined wealth of the " 10 million dollar millionaires " grew to nearly $ 41 trillion in 2008. a january 2014 report by oxfam claims that the 85 wealthiest individuals in the world have a combined wealth equal to that of the bottom 50 % of the world 's population , or about 3.5 billion people .
however , a residual of the force is observed between hadrons ( the best known example being the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei ) as the nuclear force .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) .
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012. kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip .
earlier papers studying problems solvable by turing machines with specific bounded resources include john myhill 's definition of linear bounded automata ( myhill 1960 ) , raymond smullyan 's study of rudimentary sets ( 1961 ) , as well as hisao yamada 's paper on real-time computations ( 1962 ) .
in 1999 , the times added a newer county—imperial—to that list .
the english name " normans " comes from the french words normans/normanz , plural of normant , modern french normand , which is itself borrowed from old low franconian nortmann " northman " or directly from old norse norðmaðr , latinized variously as nortmannus , normannus , or nordmannus ( recorded in medieval latin , 9th century ) to mean " norseman , viking " .
virgin media ( re-branded in 2007 from ntl : telewest ) started to offer a high-definition television ( hdtv ) capable set top box , although from 30 november 2006 until 30 july 2009 it only carried one linear hd channel , bbc hd , after the conclusion of the itv hd trial .
cyclic photophosphorylation is common in c4 plants , which need more atp than nadph .
victoria 's highest maximum temperature since world war ii , of 48.8 °c ( 119.8 °f ) was recorded in hopetoun on 7 february 2009 , during the 2009 southeastern australia heat wave .
it is also the home of the sunnyside country club , which maintains a golf course designed by william p. bell .
in 1846 , the natural history lectures of louis agassiz were acclaimed both in new york and on the campus at harvard college .
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion .
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices .
prince louis de condé , along with his sons daniel and osias , [ citation needed ] arranged with count ludwig von nassau-saarbrücken to establish a huguenot community in present-day saarland in 1604. the count supported mercantilism and welcomed technically skilled immigrants into his lands , regardless of their religion .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
abc has also aired the miss america pageant from 1954 to 1956 , 1997 to 2005 ( with the television rights being assumed by cable channel tlc in 2006 , when the pageant moved from its longtime homebase in atlantic city to las vegas , before returning to atlantic city in 2013 ) and since 2011. under its current contract with the miss america organization , abc will continue to broadcast the pageant through 2016 .
the five pillars of islam ) spirituality and spiritual knowledge takes on a more important dimension , with emphasis on learning from living saints - the highest of which is a qutb - and of traditions passed down from initiate to initiate , and traceable back to the founder of the order .
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
the small catechism has earned a reputation as a model of clear religious teaching .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
virgin media ( re-branded in 2007 from ntl : telewest ) started to offer a high-definition television ( hdtv ) capable set top box , although from 30 november 2006 until 30 july 2009 it only carried one linear hd channel , bbc hd , after the conclusion of the itv hd trial .
warfare and the long occupation left the city disrupted after the war .
but stephen eilmann argues that if it is necessary to disobey rules that conflict with morality , we might ask why disobedience should take the form of public civil disobedience rather than simply covert lawbreaking .
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting .
it is now used to jointly house the prints and architectural drawings of the v & a ( prints , drawings , paintings and photographs ) and royal institute of british architects ( riba drawings and archives collections ) ; and the sackler centre for arts education , which opened in 2008 .
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 .
the genoese traders fled , taking the plague by ship into sicily and the south of europe , whence it spread north .
temüjin had three brothers named hasar , hachiun , and temüge , and one sister named temülen , as well as two half-brothers named begter and belgutei .
in 1983 , for the 40th anniversary of the network 's founding , id sequences had the logo appear in a gold cgi design on a blue background , accompanied by the slogan " that special feeling " in a script font .
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776. britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820. by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world .
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
one of the most spectacular items in the collection is the chandelier by dale chihuly in the rotunda at the museum 's main entrance .
the funeral was held by his friends johannes bugenhagen and philipp melanchthon .
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
meanwhile , the new lows hit by brothers & sisters led to its cancellation , and the previous year 's only drama renewal , v , also failed to earn another season after a low-rated midseason run .
the property of being prime ( or not ) is called primality .
its substance was very similar to the proposed constitutional treaty , but it was formally an amending treaty , and – though it significantly altered the existing treaties – it did not completely replace them .
one of the most dramatic parts of the museum is the cast courts in the sculpture wing , comprising two large , skylighted rooms two storeys high housing hundreds of plaster casts of sculptures , friezes and tombs .
the war was fought between the colonies of british america and new france , with both sides supported by military units from their parent countries of great britain and france , as well as native american allies .
the bond can be variously described based on level of theory , but is reasonably and simply described as a covalent double bond that results from the filling of molecular orbitals formed from the atomic orbitals of the individual oxygen atoms , the filling of which results in a bond order of two .
eu competition law has its origins in the european coal and steel community ( ecsc ) agreement between france , italy , belgium , the netherlands , luxembourg and germany in 1951 following the second world war .
immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections .
the arrival of satellite television ended the need for abc to hold interests in other countries ; many governments also wanted to increase their independence and strengthen legislation to limit foreign ownership of broadcasting properties .
they are sometimes called blue-green algae even though they are prokaryotes .
atp synthase uses the energy from the flowing hydrogen ions to phosphorylate adenosine diphosphate into adenosine triphosphate , or atp .
oxygen is the oxidant , not the fuel , but nevertheless the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion .
in 2006 , internet2 announced a partnership with level 3 communications to launch a brand new nationwide network , boosting its capacity from 10 gbit/s to 100 gbit/s .
in regard to companies , the court of justice held in r ( daily mail and general trust plc ) v hm treasury that member states could restrict a company moving its seat of business , without infringing tfeu article 49. this meant the daily mail newspaper 's parent company could not evade tax by shifting its residence to the netherlands without first settling its tax bills in the uk .
as opposed to broadcasts of primetime series , cbs broadcast special episodes of its late night talk shows as its lead-out programs for super bowl 50 , beginning with a special episode of the late show with stephen colbert following the game .
cestids can swim by undulating their bodies as well as by the beating of their comb-rows .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
as interesting examples of expositions the most notable are : the world 's first museum of posters boasting one of the largest collections of art posters in the world , museum of hunting and riding and the railway museum .
kenya obtained independence in december 1963. following a referendum in august 2010 and adoption of a new constitution , kenya is now divided into 47 semi-autonomous counties , governed by elected governors .
on april 4 , disney sold the four newspapers that abc had controlled under capital cities to knight ridder for $ 1.65 billion .
the fully informed jury association 's publication " a primer for prospective jurors " notes , " think of the dilemma faced by german citizens when hitler 's secret police demanded to know if they were hiding a jew in their house . "
there are several ways to mitigate the occupational hazards of teaching .
glucocorticoids are the most powerful of these drugs ; however , these drugs can have many undesirable side effects , such as central obesity , hyperglycemia , osteoporosis , and their use must be tightly controlled .
the image of the tardis has become firmly linked to the show in the public 's consciousness ; bbc scriptwriter anthony coburn , who lived in the resort of herne bay , kent , was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine .
typically , ministers or party leaders open debates , with opening speakers given between 5 and 20 minutes , and succeeding speakers allocated less time .
farms established during the 1960s were based on crop cultivation and the slash and burn method .
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) .
next , the two plastid-dividing rings , or pd rings form .
nintendo and the pokémon company also made their super bowl debut , promoting the 20th anniversary of the pokémon video game and media franchise .
since the relaunch of the programme in 2005 , a new range of novels have been published by bbc books .
in wesel , 30 km downstream of duisburg , is located the western end of the second east-west shipping route , the wesel-datteln canal , which runs parallel to the lippe .
he decided that a time-sharing system , based on kemney 's work at dartmouth—which used a computer on loan from ge—could be profitable .
chloroplasts in c4 plants are notable as they exhibit a distinct chloroplast dimorphism .
in a report , published in early february 2007 by the ear institute at the university college london , and widex , a danish hearing aid manufacturer , newcastle was named as the noisiest city in the whole of the uk , with an average level of 80.4 decibels .
under defensive coordinator wade phillips , the broncos ' defense ranked number one in total yards allowed , passing yards allowed and sacks , and like the previous three seasons , the team has continued to set numerous individual , league and franchise records .
for example , female sex hormones are known immunostimulators of both adaptive and innate immune responses .
western medicine was also practiced in china by the nestorian christians of the yuan court , where it was sometimes labeled as huihui or muslim medicine .
coastal species need to be tough enough to withstand waves and swirling sediment particles , while some oceanic species are so fragile that it is very difficult to capture them intact for study .
the american broadcasting company ( abc ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) is an american commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the disney–abc television group , a subsidiary of disney media networks division of the walt disney company .
revolutionary civil disobedience is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ( or to change cultural traditions , social customs , religious beliefs , etc ... revolution does n't have to be political , i.e .
most of these districts are located in northern san diego and some within north county regions .
on january 4 , 1984 , the new york times reported that abc , through its subsidiary abc video enterprises , had exercised its option to purchase up to 15 % ( or between $ 25 million and $ 30 million ) of getty oil 's shares in espn , which would allow it to expand its shares at a later date .
a public library is seen as a peoples university since it is open to all irrespective of age , literacy level and has materials relevant to people of all walks of life .
the astronauts returned safely on july 24 .
this was first prompted by original star william hartnell 's poor health .
christopher j. probst in his book demonizing the jews : luther and the protestant church in nazi germany ( 2012 ) , shows that a large number of german lutheran clergy and theologians during the nazi third reich used luther 's hostile publications towards the jews and their jewish religion to justify at least in part the anti-semitic policies of the national socialists .
the historian francis aidan gasquet wrote about the 'great pestilence ' in 1893 and suggested that " it would appear to be some form of the ordinary eastern or bubonic plague " .
still , abc 's limited reach would continue to hobble it for the next two decades ; several smaller markets would not grow large enough to support a full-time abc affiliate until the 1960s , with some very small markets having to wait as late as the 1980s or even the advent of digital television in the 2000s , which allowed stations like wtrf-tv in wheeling , west virginia to begin airing abc programming on a digital subchannel after airing the network 's programs outside of recommended timeslots decades before .
in 1917 , around the time that the wardenclyffe tower was demolished by boldt to make the land a more viable real estate asset , tesla received aiee 's highest honor , the edison medal .
an 1882 map drawn by joseph thompsons , a scottish geologist and naturalist , indicated mt .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
san francisco city supervisor jane kim unsuccessfully lobbied for the nfl to reimburse san francisco for city services in the amount of $ 5 million .
zhèng ( chinese : 正 ) meaning " right " , " just " , or " true " , would have received the mongolian adjectival modifier -s , creating " jenggis " , which in medieval romanization would be written " genghis " .
the united states is divided into five jurisdictions : northeastern , southeastern , north central , south central and western .
for example , in steymann v staatssecretaris van justitie , a german man claimed the right to residence in the netherlands , while he volunteered plumbing and household duties in the bhagwan community , which provided for everyone 's material needs irrespective of their contributions .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
heinrich himmler wrote admiringly of his writings and sermons on the jews in 1940. the city of nuremberg presented a first edition of on the jews and their lies to julius streicher , editor of the nazi newspaper der stürmer , on his birthday in 1937 ; the newspaper described it as the most radically anti-semitic tract ever published .
early colour videotape recordings made off-air by fans have also been retrieved , as well as excerpts filmed from the television screen onto 8 mm cine film and clips that were shown on other programmes .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size .
the harvard university library system is centered in widener library in harvard yard and comprises nearly 80 individual libraries holding over 18 million volumes .
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck .
on 8 february 2007 , bskyb announced its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels .
to view the encrypted content a videoguard uk equipped receiver ( all of which are dedicated to the sky service , and can not be used to decrypt other services ) needs to be used .
presented to the scottish parliament by the queen upon its official opening in july 1999 , the mace is displayed in a glass case suspended from the lid .
in the first major case in 1964 , costa v enel , a milanese lawyer , and former shareholder of an energy company , named mr costa refused to pay his electricity bill to enel , as a protest against the nationalisation of the italian energy corporations .
victoria has about 63,519 full-time teachers .
they range in age from about 3.2 billion years for the basaltic samples derived from the lunar maria , to about 4.6 billion years for samples derived from the highlands crust .
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland .
westinghouse looked into getting a patent on a similar commutator-less , rotating magnetic field-based induction motor presented in a paper in march 1888 by the italian physicist galileo ferraris , but decided tesla 's patent would probably control the market .
on the other hand , luther also points out that the ten commandments – when considered not as god 's condemning judgment but as an expression of his eternal will , that is , of the natural law – also positively teach how the christian ought to live .
these values are much greater than the 9–88 cm as projected by the ipcc itself in its third assessment report , published in 2001 " .
martin luther married katharina von bora , one of 12 nuns he had helped escape from the nimbschen cistercian convent in april 1523 , when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels .
in december 2014 , president uhuru kenyatta signed a security laws amendment bill , which supporters of the law suggested was necessary to guard against armed groups .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
the melbourne cricket ground is the largest stadium in australia , and the host of the 1956 summer olympics and the 2006 commonwealth games .
natural killer cells , or nk cells , are a component of the innate immune system which does not directly attack invading microbes .
one theory is that , while disobedience may be helpful , any great amount of it would undermine the law by encouraging general disobedience which is neither conscientious nor of social benefit .
excellent job opportunities are expected as retirements , especially among secondary school teachers , outweigh slowing enrollment growth ; opportunities will vary by geographic area and subject taught .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
a revised version of gold 's 2010 arrangement had its debut over the opening titles of the 2012 christmas special " the snowmen " , and a further revision of the arrangement was made for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " in november 2013 .
starch storing amyloplasts can also be converted to chromoplasts , and it is possible for proplastids to develop straight into chromoplasts .
the image at the right illustrates that 12 is not prime : 12 = 3 · 4. no even number greater than 2 is prime because by definition , any such number n has at least three distinct divisors , namely 1 , 2 , and n. this implies that n is not prime .
the result indicates that the rainforest could be threatened though the 21st century by climate change in addition to deforestation .
during the vietnam war , courts typically refused to excuse the perpetrators of illegal protests from punishment on the basis of their challenging the legality of the vietnam war ; the courts ruled it was a political question .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
specialty pharmacies supply high cost injectable , oral , infused , or inhaled medications that are used for chronic and complex disease states such as cancer , hepatitis , and rheumatoid arthritis .
steven barkan writes that if defendants plead not guilty , " they must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine , or to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case and their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience . "
patrons who have influenced taste are also represented by works of art from their collections , these include : horace walpole ( a major influence on the gothic revival ) , william thomas beckford and thomas hope .
two tourist railways operate over 760 mm ( 2 ft 6 in ) narrow gauge lines , which are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines which were built in mountainous areas .
its music library contains 8000 cds and 10,000 lps .
the connection between macroscopic nonconservative forces and microscopic conservative forces is described by detailed treatment with statistical mechanics .
his tool of choice for this connection was the singing of german hymns in connection with worship , school , home , and the public arena .
according to the new york times on july 22 , 2014 , the " richest 1 percent in the united states now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent " .
studies on income inequality and growth have sometimes found evidence confirming the kuznets curve hypothesis , which states that with economic development , inequality first increases , then decreases .
the surface of most metals , such as aluminium and titanium , are oxidized in the presence of air and become coated with a thin film of oxide that passivates the metal and slows further corrosion .
wittenberg became even more volatile after christmas when a band of visionary zealots , the so-called zwickau prophets , arrived , preaching revolutionary doctrines such as the equality of man , adult baptism , and christ 's imminent return .
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes .
the letters are strongly reminiscent of the bauhaus typeface designed by herbert bayer in the 1920s , but also share similarities with several other fonts , such as itc avant garde and horatio , and most closely resembling chalet .
warsaw ( polish : warszawa [ varˈʂava ] ( listen ) ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland .
these normans began a long period of slow conquest during which almost all of wales was at some point subject to norman interference .
the t. t. tsui gallery of chinese art opened in 1991 , displaying a representative collection of the v & as approximately 16,000 objects from china , dating from the 4th millennium bc to the present day .
apollo 8 was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body , while the final apollo 17 mission marked the sixth moon landing and the ninth manned mission beyond low earth orbit .
although the spanish takeover of the louisiana territory ( which was not completed until 1769 ) had modest repercussions , the british takeover of spanish florida resulted in the westward migration of tribes that did not want to do business with the british , and a rise in tensions between the choctaw and the creek , historic enemies whose divisions the british at times exploited .
there would be no more scoring in the third quarter , but early in the fourth , the broncos drove to the panthers 41-yard line .
individuals may rely on primary law in the court of justice of the european union if the treaty provisions have a direct effect and they are sufficiently clear , precise and unconditional .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
in 2006 , 304,016 companies were registered in the city .
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) .
since the 1980s , lutheran church denominations have repudiated martin luther 's statements against the jews and have rejected the use of them to incite hatred against lutherans .
the most significant buildings are st. john 's cathedral ( 14th century ) , the temple is a typical example of the so-called masovian gothic style , st. mary 's church ( 1411 ) , a town house of burbach family ( 14th century ) , gunpowder tower ( after 1379 ) and the royal castle curia maior ( 1407–1410 ) .
the evolutionary strategy used by cicadas of the genus magicicada make use of prime numbers .
daytime programming is also provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays ( with a one-hour break at 12:00 p.m. eastern/pacific for stations to air newscasts , other locally produced programming such as talk shows , or syndicated programs ) featuring the talk/lifestyle shows the view and the chew and the soap opera general hospital .
defensive ends derek wolfe and malik jackson each had 5½ sacks .
incorporated first by henry ii , the city had a new charter granted by elizabeth in 1589. a 25-foot ( 7.6 m ) high stone wall was built around the town in the 13th century , to defend it from invaders during the border war against scotland .
downtown san diego is the central business district of san diego , though the city is filled with business districts .
in 2000 , abc launched a web-based promotional campaign focused around its circle logo , also called " the dot " , in which comic book character little dot prompted visitors to " download the dot " , a program which would cause the abc logo to fly around the screen and settle in the bottom-right corner .
ondemar dias is accredited with first discovering the geoglyphs in 1977 and alceu ranzi with furthering their discovery after flying over acre .
apollo also spurred advances in many areas of technology incidental to rocketry and manned spaceflight , including avionics , telecommunications , and computers .
despite popular prejudices to the contrary , the u.s. economy consistently affords a lower level of economic mobility than all the continental european countries for which data is available . "
the merged company , renamed american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc. and headquartered in the paramount building at 1501 broadway in manhattan , owned six am and several fm radio stations , five television stations and 644 cinemas in 300 u.s. cities .
in effect , after the lisbon treaty , the charter and the convention now co-exist under european union law , though the former is enforced by the european court of justice in relation to european union measures , and the latter by the european court of human rights in relation to measures by member states .
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness .
in the united kingdom , bbc radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will carry the contest .
for example , dalton assumed that water 's formula was ho , giving the atomic mass of oxygen as 8 times that of hydrogen , instead of the modern value of about 16. in 1805 , joseph louis gay-lussac and alexander von humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen ; and by 1811 amedeo avogadro had arrived at the correct interpretation of water 's composition , based on what is now called avogadro 's law and the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules .
another important monument , the statue of little insurgent located at the ramparts of the old town , commemorates the children who served as messengers and frontline troops in the warsaw uprising , while the impressive warsaw uprising monument by wincenty kućma was erected in memory of the largest insurrection of world war ii .
they are also being paid for by the government for medicine use reviews .
by autumn 1347 , the plague reached alexandria in egypt , probably through the port 's trade with constantinople , and ports on the black sea .
there are two major bus stations in the city : haymarket bus station and eldon square bus station .
however , a residual of the force is observed between hadrons ( the best known example being the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei ) as the nuclear force .
johnson 's expedition was better organized than shirley 's , which was noticed by new france 's governor , the marquis de vaudreuil .
first , in choosing violence over lawful submission to the secular government , they were ignoring christ 's counsel to " render unto caesar the things that are caesar 's " ; st. paul had written in his epistle to the romans 13:1–7 that all authorities are appointed by god and therefore should not be resisted .
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
the earliest known movie featuring some exterior scenes filmed in the city is on the night of the fire ( 1939 ) , though by and large the action is studio-bound .
the flow reappears on the surface at the northern ( german ) shore of the lake , off the island of lindau .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting .
southern california is also home to the port of los angeles , the united states ' busiest commercial port ; the adjacent port of long beach , the united states ' second busiest container port ; and the port of san diego .
rates of sea-level rise had dropped so far , that natural sedimentation by the rhine and coastal processes together , could compensate the transgression by the sea ; in the last 7000 years , the coast line was roughly at the same location .
the election produced a majority snp government , making this the first time in the scottish parliament where a party has commanded a parliamentary majority .
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections .
outside the city centre , the largest suburban shopping areas are gosforth and byker .
a bbc audience research survey conducted in 1972 found that , by their own definition of violence ( " any act [ s ] which may cause physical and/or psychological injury , hurt or death to persons , animals or property , whether intentional or accidental " ) doctor who was the most violent of the drama programmes the corporation produced at the time .
mongols are widely known to worship the eternal heaven , and according to the traditional mongolian ideology yuan is considered to be " the beginning of an infinite number of beings , the foundation of peace and happiness , state power , the dream of many peoples , besides it there is nothing great or precious . "
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959. the series went on to quickly become " immensely popular " .
phycobilins come in all colors , though phycoerytherin is one of the pigments that makes many red algae red .
the logo also deviates from the template by featuring large numerals , colored in gold , behind the vince lombardi trophy , instead of underneath and in silver as in the standard logo .
phrased as a decision problem , it is the problem of deciding whether the input has a factor less than k. no efficient integer factorization algorithm is known , and this fact forms the basis of several modern cryptographic systems , such as the rsa algorithm .
decisions in-between the four-year meetings are made by the mission council ( usually consisting of church bishops ) .
luther made certain concessions to the saxon , who was a relative of the elector , and promised to remain silent if his opponents did .
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) .
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue .
the problems with north american were severe enough in late 1965 to cause manned space flight administrator george mueller to appoint program director samuel phillips to head a " tiger team " to investigate north american 's problems and identify corrections .
he had the theses checked for heresy and in december 1517 forwarded them to rome .
apollo 5 ( as-204 ) was the first unmanned test flight of lm in earth orbit , launched from pad 37 on january 22 , 1968 , by the saturn ib that would have been used for apollo 1. the lm engines were successfully test-fired and restarted , despite a computer programming error which cut short the first descent stage firing .
a procedural consequence of the establishment of the scottish parliament is that scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons are able to vote on domestic legislation that applies only to england , wales and northern ireland – whilst english , scottish , welsh and northern irish westminster mps are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the scottish parliament .
two million wildebeest migrate a distance of 2,900 kilometres ( 1,802 mi ) from the serengeti in neighbouring tanzania to the masai mara in kenya , in a constant clockwise fashion , searching for food and water supplies .
one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air was conducted by the 2nd century bce greek writer on mechanics , philo of byzantium .
the antichrist of 2 thessalonians 2 was identified as the power of the papacy .
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment .
the coordinating lead authors are responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors , ensuring that they meet stylistic and formatting requirements , and reporting to the working group chairs .
however , the interstate trunk routes , as well as a number of branch lines in the west of the state have been converted to 1,435 mm ( 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in ) standard gauge .
to the south and with a population of 1,307,402 is san diego , the second most populous city in the state and the eighth most populous in the nation .
this is essentially a signaling device that allows the t-cell to bind to the active form of vitamin d , the steroid hormone calcitriol .
christians , he said , must not slacken in following christ on account of such false assurances .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
at a khuruldai , a council of mongol chiefs , temüjin was acknowledged as " khan " of the consolidated tribes and took the new title " genghis khan " .
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen .
english is widely spoken in commerce , schooling and government .
the construction of delta works changed the delta in the second half of the 20th century fundamentally .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
in against the murderous , thieving hordes of peasants , written on his return to wittenberg , he gave his interpretation of the gospel teaching on wealth , condemned the violence as the devil 's work , and called for the nobles to put down the rebels like mad dogs :
many chinese miners worked in victoria , and their legacy is particularly strong in bendigo and its environs .
the packet header can be small , as it only needs to contain this code and any information , such as length , timestamp , or sequence number , which is different for different packets .
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates .
however , there is no evidence of this , or of the lifting of discriminatory policies towards sedentary peoples such as the chinese .
its saturn ib was allocated to the dual mission , now redesignated as-205/208 or as-258 , planned for august 1967. mcdivitt , scott and schweickart were promoted to the prime as-258 crew , and schirra , eisele and cunningham were reassigned as the apollo 1 backup crew .
korean displays include green-glazed ceramics , silk embroideries from officials ' robes and gleaming boxes inlaid with mother-of-pearl made between 500 ad and 2000. himalayan items include important early nepalese bronze sculptures , repoussé work and embroidery .
established on classical streets built by richard grainger , a builder and developer , between 1835 and 1842 , some of newcastle upon tyne 's finest buildings and streets lie within this area of the city centre including grainger market , theatre royal , grey street , grainger street and clayton street .
euglenophytes are a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga .
robert guiscard , an other norman adventurer previously elevated to the dignity of count of apulia as the result of his military successes , ultimately drove the byzantines out of southern italy .
britain gained control of french canada and acadia , colonies containing approximately 80,000 primarily french-speaking roman catholic residents .
sweden rationed gasoline and heating oil .
the official record high temperature for fresno is 115 °f ( 46.1 °c ) , set on july 8 , 1905 , while the official record low is 17 °f ( −8 °c ) , set on january 6 , 1913. the average windows for 100 °f ( 37.8 °c ) + , 90 °f ( 32.2 °c ) + , and freezing temperatures are june 1 thru september 13 , april 26 thru october 9 , and december 10 thru january 28 , respectively , and no freeze occurred between in the 1983/1984 season .
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare .
the lor method had the advantage of allowing the lander spacecraft to be used as a " lifeboat " in the event of a failure of the command ship .
to catch up , abc followed up the flintstones with another animated series from hanna-barbera , the jetsons , which debuted on september 23 , 1962 as the first television series to be broadcast in color on the network .
committees can also meet at other locations throughout scotland .
students are likely to build stronger relations with teachers who are friendly and supportive and will show more interest in courses taught by these teachers .
unlike cydippids , the movements of lobates ' combs are coordinated by nerves rather than by water disturbances created by the cilia , yet combs on the same row beat in the same mexican wave style as the mechanically coordinated comb rows of cydippids and beroids .
islamists have asked the question , " if islam is a way of life , how can we say that those who want to live by its principles in legal , social , political , economic , and political spheres of life are not muslims , but islamists and believe in islamism , not [ just ] islam ? "
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds .
ba'athism , arab socialism , and arab nationalism suffered , and different democratic and anti-democratic islamist movements inspired by maududi and sayyid qutb gained ground .
it is held annually in june on the thames river in eastern connecticut .
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water .
modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes , probabilistic ( or " monte carlo " ) and deterministic algorithms .
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003. other lesser known groups include the islamic liberation party , salvation from hell and takfir wal-hijra , and these groups have variously been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures , arson of video shops and attempted takeovers of government buildings .
this concept contrasted and contradicted the theretofore established principles of pre-allocation of network bandwidth , largely fortified by the development of telecommunications in the bell system .
breathing pure o 2 in space applications , such as in some modern space suits , or in early spacecraft such as apollo , causes no damage due to the low total pressures used .
when there is a choice between several appropriate measures the least onerous must be adopted , and any disadvantage caused must not be disproportionate to the aims pursued .
this lessens the likelihood of damage to the existing electrical , water , sewage , phone , and cable facilities , which could cause outages and potentially hazardous situations .
victoria is australia 's most densely populated state and its second-most populous state overall .
the theory formalizes this intuition , by introducing mathematical models of computation to study these problems and quantifying the amount of resources needed to solve them , such as time and storage .
misconduct by teachers , especially sexual misconduct , has been getting increased scrutiny from the media and the courts .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
it was 33 feet ( 10.1 m ) in diameter and stood 363 feet ( 110.6 m ) tall with its 96,800-pound ( 43,900 kg ) lunar payload .
the beroida , also known as nuda , have no feeding appendages , but their large pharynx , just inside the large mouth and filling most of the saclike body , bears " macrocilia " at the oral end .
scientists have described between 96,660 and 128,843 invertebrate species in brazil alone .
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime .
on hearing the finished result , grainer asked , " did i write that ?
when the researchers ' analysis was " applied to the possible scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) , the researchers found that in 2100 sea levels would be 0.5–1.4 m [ 50–140 cm ] above 1990 levels .
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages .
algiers lost 30 to 50 thousand inhabitants to it in 1620–21 , and again in 1654–57 , 1665 , 1691 , and 1740–42 .
the next major step occurred when james watt developed ( 1763–1775 ) an improved version of newcomen 's engine , with a separate condenser .
prime ideals are the points of algebro-geometric objects , via the notion of the spectrum of a ring .
packet mode communication may be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes ( packet switches or routers ) .
the germanic populations of these lands seem in roman times to have been scanty , and roman subjects from the modern alsace-lorraine had drifted across the river eastwards .
these include various types of integer programming problems in operations research , many problems in logistics , protein structure prediction in biology , and the ability to find formal proofs of pure mathematics theorems .
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000. the three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined .
john dunn , inventor of keyed northumbrian smallpipes , the most characteristic musical instrument in the region , lived and worked in the city .
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution .
to some extent , the businesses of the tower district were developed due to the proximity of the original fresno normal school , ( later renamed california state university at fresno ) .
johann von staupitz , his superior , pointed luther 's mind away from continual reflection upon his sins toward the merits of christ .
the following day , oil ministers agreed to the embargo , a cut in production by five percent from september 's output and to continue to cut production in five percent monthly increments until their economic and political objectives were met .
since its invention in 1269 , the 'phags-pa script , a unified script for spelling mongolian , tibetan , and chinese languages , was preserved in the court until the end of the dynasty .
the social chapter is a chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam covering social policy issues in european union law .
stadtholder william iii of orange , who later became king of england , emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv after the french attacked the dutch republic in 1672. william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
this deliberate induction of an immune response is successful because it exploits the natural specificity of the immune system , as well as its inducibility .
in 1932 the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon stated the length as 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , presumably a typographical error .
grants total 88 % of harvard 's aid for undergraduate students , with aid also provided by loans ( 8 % ) and work-study ( 4 % ) .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
lagerlof and galor stated that gender inequality in education can result to low economic growth , and continued gender inequality in education , thus creating a poverty trap .
reactive oxygen species also play an important role in the hypersensitive response of plants against pathogen attack .
there are direct contractual links between the architect 's client and the main contractor .
in the church of england 's calendar of saints he is commemorated on 31 october .
computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty , and relating those classes to each other .
during the ordinary legislative procedure , the council ( which are ministers from member state governments ) and the european parliament ( elected by citizens ) can make amendments and must give their consent for laws to pass .
at the columbian exposition , under a banner announcing the " tesla polyphase system " , tesla demonstrated a series of electrical effects previously performed throughout america and europe , :76 included using high-voltage , high-frequency alternating current to light a wireless gas-discharge lamp .
all this compares very favourably against incompetent , inefficient , or neglectful governments whose commitment to social justice is limited to rhetoric .
research shows that student motivation and attitudes towards school are closely linked to student-teacher relationships .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
the eleventh doctor became the first to travel with a married couple , amy pond ( karen gillan ) and rory williams ( arthur darvill ) , whilst out-of-sync meetings with river song ( alex kingston ) and clara oswald ( jenna coleman ) provided ongoing story arcs .
the word " weak " derives from the fact that the field strength is some 1013 times less than that of the strong force .
in the past , architects , interior designers , engineers , developers , construction managers , and general contractors were more likely to be entirely separate companies , even in the larger firms .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
on the other hand , higher economic inequality tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ( self-employment ) .
it is bordered by tanzania to the south , uganda to the west , south sudan to the north-west , ethiopia to the north and somalia to the north-east .
one result of this was a campaign of attacks on government officials and tourists in egypt , a bloody civil war in algeria and osama bin laden 's terror attacks climaxing in the 9/11 attack .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
in 1870 , tesla moved to karlovac , to attend school at the higher real gymnasium , where he was profoundly influenced by a math teacher martin sekulić .
the name rijn , from here on , is used only for smaller streams farther to the north , which together formed the main river rhine in roman times .
in 1644 the city was then besieged for many months and was eventually stormed ( 'with roaring drummes ' ) and sacked by cromwell 's allies .
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt .
the three sources of european union law are primary law , secondary law and supplementary law .
in 2000 , abc launched a web-based promotional campaign focused around its circle logo , also called " the dot " , in which comic book character little dot prompted visitors to " download the dot " , a program which would cause the abc logo to fly around the screen and settle in the bottom-right corner .
the dynasty was established by kublai khan , yet he placed his grandfather genghis khan on the imperial records as the official founder of the dynasty as taizu .
the majority of the forest is contained within brazil , with 60 % of the rainforest , followed by peru with 13 % , colombia with 10 % , and with minor amounts in venezuela , ecuador , bolivia , guyana , suriname and french guiana .
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity .
the second two are the largest , and the green chloroplast lineage is the one that contains the land plants .
in may , newcastle and gateshead host the evolution festival , a music festival held on the newcastle and gateshead quaysides over the spring bank holiday , with performances by acts from the world of rock , indie and dance music .
in addition to identifying rocks in the field , petrologists identify rock samples in the laboratory .
like in other regional organisations such as the north american free trade association , or the world trade organisation , breaking down barriers to trade , and enhancing free movement of goods , services , labour and capital , is meant to reduce consumer prices .
the more recent type of safety valve uses an adjustable spring-loaded valve , which is locked such that operators may not tamper with its adjustment unless a seal illegally is broken .
the bulk of huguenot émigrés relocated to protestant european nations such as england , wales , scotland , denmark , sweden , switzerland , the dutch republic , the electorate of brandenburg and electorate of the palatinate in the holy roman empire , the duchy of prussia , the channel islands , and ireland .
2002 saw the debut of the network 's first hit reality series , the bachelor ( the elimination-style dating show 's success led to a spinoff , the bachelorette , which premiered the following year , as well as two additional spinoffs that later debuted in the early 2010s ) .
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across .
an electron configuration with two unpaired electrons as found in dioxygen ( see the filled π* orbitals in the diagram ) , orbitals that are of equal energy—i.e. , degenerate—is a configuration termed a spin triplet state .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
genghis khan ordered the wholesale massacre of many of the civilians , enslaved the rest of the population and executed inalchuq by pouring molten silver into his ears and eyes , as retribution for his actions .
the old truman brewery , then known as the black eagle brewery , was founded in 1724. the flight of huguenot refugees from tours , france drew off most of the workers of its great silk mills which they had built .
but once again they came up empty , this time as a result of a newton pass that bounced off the hands of ginn and was intercepted by safety t. j. ward .
endosymbiotic gene transfer is how we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
from 66–34 mya , the rainforest extended as far south as 45° .
with the opening of the new gallery , the riba drawings and archives collection has been transferred to the museum , joining the already extensive collection held by the v & a .
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . "
a particularly simple example of a probabilistic test is the fermat primality test , which relies on the fact ( fermat 's little theorem ) that np≡n ( mod p ) for any n if p is a prime number .
he designed to the north west of the garden the five-storey school for naval architects ( also known as the science schools ) , now the henry cole wing in 1867–72 .
the city also has a radio lollipop station based at the great north children 's hospital in the newcastle royal victoria infirmary .
tesla 's theories on the possibility of the transmission by radio waves go back as far as lectures and demonstrations in 1893 in st. louis , missouri , the franklin institute in philadelphia , pennsylvania , and the national electric light association .
they are all equally powerful in principle , but when resources ( such as time or space ) are bounded , some of these may be more powerful than others .
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 .
in 1781 james watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotary motion .
doctor who first appeared on bbc tv at 17:16:20 gmt , eighty seconds after the scheduled programme time , 5:15 pm , on saturday , 23 november 1963. it was to be a regular weekly programme , each episode 25 minutes of transmission length .
the embargo left oil companies searching for new ways to increase oil supplies , even in rugged terrain such as the arctic .
in the 9th , it formed part of the border between middle and western francia , but in the 10th century , it was fully within the holy roman empire , flowing through swabia , franconia and lower lorraine .
prokaryotes also possess acquired immunity , through a system that uses crispr sequences to retain fragments of the genomes of phage that they have come into contact with in the past , which allows them to block virus replication through a form of rna interference .
to help reduce consumption , in 1974 a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph ( about 88 km/h ) was imposed through the emergency highway energy conservation act .
harvard 's athletic rivalry with yale is intense in every sport in which they meet , coming to a climax each fall in the annual football meeting , which dates back to 1875 and is usually called simply " the game " .
in 999 , according to amatus of montecassino , norman pilgrims returning from jerusalem called in at the port of salerno when a saracen attack occurred .
in 1529 , he wrote the large catechism , a manual for pastors and teachers , as well as a synopsis , the small catechism , to be memorised by the people themselves .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
there are two categories of lay servants : local church lay servant , who serve in and through their local churches , and certified lay servants , who serve in their own churches , in other churches , and through district or conference projects and programs .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
discovering that their formats seemed to appeal to their viewers , the network became the first to adopt them for a new national morning show , good morning america , which debuted on november 3 , 1975 .
six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system , metrolink , run out of downtown los angeles , connecting los angeles , ventura , san bernardino , riverside , orange , and san diego counties with the other line connecting san bernardino , riverside , and orange counties directly .
the oldest existing armed seal of warsaw is from the year 1390 , consisting of a round seal bordered with the latin inscription sigilium civitatis varsoviensis ( seal of the city of warsaw ) .
the panthers could not gain any yards with their possession and had to punt .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
they hold the uk 's biggest national collection of material about live performance in the uk since shakespeare 's day , covering drama , dance , musical theatre , circus , music hall , rock and pop , and most other forms of live entertainment .
chemical catalysts can be used as well , such as in chemical oxygen generators or oxygen candles that are used as part of the life-support equipment on submarines , and are still part of standard equipment on commercial airliners in case of depressurization emergencies .
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute .
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species .
the mongol custom of long standing quda/marriage alliance with mongol clans , the onggirat , and the ikeres , kept the imperial blood purely mongol until the reign of tugh temur , whose mother was a tangut concubine .
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made .
the road crossed the st. johns river at a narrow point , which the seminole called wacca pilatka and the british called the cow ford or cowford ; these names ostensibly reflect the fact that cattle were brought across the river there .
through combining the definition of electric current as the time rate of change of electric charge , a rule of vector multiplication called lorentz 's law describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field .
they are a diverse phylum of bacteria capable of carrying out photosynthesis , and are gram-negative , meaning that they have two cell membranes .
the city is the seat of a roman catholic archdiocese ( left bank of the vistula ) and diocese ( right bank ) , and possesses various universities , most notably the polish academy of sciences and the university of warsaw , two opera houses , theatres , museums , libraries and monuments .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
materials readily available in the area generally dictate the construction materials used ( e.g .
however , most of hearst television 's 16 abc-affiliated stations transmit the network 's programming in 1080i hd , while 11 other affiliates owned by various companies carry the network feed in 480i standard definition either due to technical considerations for affiliates of other major networks that carry abc programming on a digital subchannel or because a primary feed abc affiliate has not yet upgraded their transmission equipment to allow content to be presented in hd .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
the date of 2035 has been correctly quoted by the ipcc from the wwf report , which has misquoted its own source , an icsi report " variations of snow and ice in the past and at present on a global and regional scale " .
he stated that he observed stationary waves during this time .
arcs of volcanoes and earthquakes were explained as convergent boundaries , where one plate subducts under another .
the block ii crew positions were titled commander ( cdr ) command module pilot ( cmp ) and lunar module pilot ( lmp ) .
last year , 121,200 tonnes of pears and 270,000 tonnes of tomatoes were produced .
warsaw lies in east-central poland about 300 km ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains and about 260 km ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea , 523 km ( 325 mi ) east of berlin , germany .
temujin 's resentment erupted during one hunting excursion that temüjin and his brother khasar killed their half-brother begter .
not until 1798 was henry cavendish able to make the first measurement of using a torsion balance ; this was widely reported in the press as a measurement of the mass of the earth since knowing could allow one to solve for the earth 's mass given the above equation .
at the time of its formation , the umc had about 11 million members in nearly 42,000 congregations .
a " plugs-out " test was planned for january , which would simulate a launch countdown on lc-34 with the spacecraft transferring from pad-supplied to internal power .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
enzymes such as lysozyme and phospholipase a2 in saliva , tears , and breast milk are also antibacterials .
like many cities in central and eastern europe , infrastructure in warsaw suffered considerably during its time as an eastern bloc economy – though it is worth mentioning that the initial three-year plan to rebuild poland ( especially warsaw ) was a major success , but what followed was very much the opposite .
oxygen is the most abundant element by mass in the earth 's crust as part of oxide compounds such as silicon dioxide , making up almost half of the crust 's mass .
education , especially in an area where there is a high demand for workers , creates high wages for those with this education , however , increases in education first increase and then decrease growth as well as income inequality .
steam engines can be said to have been the moving force behind the industrial revolution and saw widespread commercial use driving machinery in factories , mills and mines ; powering pumping stations ; and propelling transport appliances such as railway locomotives , ships , steamboats and road vehicles .
in response to american aid to israel , on october 16 , 1973 , opec raised the posted price of oil by 70 % , to $ 5.11 a barrel .
neutrophils are normally found in the bloodstream and are the most abundant type of phagocyte , normally representing 50 % to 60 % of the total circulating leukocytes .
confucian scholars were attracted to the medical profession because it ensured a high income and medical ethics were compatible with confucian virtues .
the arthur m. sackler museum includes collections of ancient , asian , islamic and later indian art , the busch-reisinger museum , formerly the germanic museum , covers central and northern european art , and the fogg museum of art , covers western art from the middle ages to the present emphasizing italian early renaissance , british pre-raphaelite , and 19th-century french art .
the symptoms of inflammation are redness , swelling , heat , and pain , which are caused by increased blood flow into tissue .
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack .
according to this theory , those who already hold wealth have the means to invest in new sources of creating wealth or to otherwise leverage the accumulation of wealth , thus are the beneficiaries of the new wealth .
louise de coligny , daughter of the murdered huguenot leader gaspard de coligny , married william the silent , leader of the dutch ( calvinist ) revolt against spanish ( catholic ) rule .
indeed , one of the first clues that the phlogiston theory was incorrect was that metals , too , gain weight in rusting ( when they were supposedly losing phlogiston ) .
he enclosed in his letter a copy of his " disputation of martin luther on the power and efficacy of indulgences " , which came to be known as the ninety-five theses .
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats .
chloroplast ribosomes are about two-thirds the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes ( around 17 nm vs 25 nm ) .
early in 1537 , johannes agricola ( 1494–1566 ) – serving at the time as pastor in luther 's birthplace , eisleben – preached a sermon in which he claimed that god 's gospel , not god 's moral law ( the ten commandments ) , revealed god 's wrath to christians .
to compensate for stagnating and declining purchasing power , political pressure has developed to extend easier credit to the lower and middle income earners – particularly to buy homes – and easier credit in general to keep unemployment rates low .
claiming that the law – in any form – should not be preached to christians anymore would be tantamount to asserting that christians are no longer sinners in themselves and that the church consists only of essentially holy people .
inherited wealth may help explain why many americans who have become rich may have had a " substantial head start " .
british imperialism often used the concept of terra nullius ( latin expression which stems from roman law meaning 'empty land ' ) .
the important 13th-century glass beaker known as the luck of edenhall is also displayed in these galleries .
on 31 march 2012 , sky announced the total number of homes with sky+hd was 4,222,000 .
in the united states , pharmaceutical care or clinical pharmacy has had an evolving influence on the practice of pharmacy .
as a consequence of newton 's first law of motion , there exists rotational inertia that ensures that all bodies maintain their angular momentum unless acted upon by an unbalanced torque .
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials .
on may 28 , 2012 , jacksonville was hit by tropical storm beryl , packing winds up to 70 miles per hour ( 113 km/h ) which made landfall near jacksonville beach .
in particular , although dtime ( n ) is contained in dtime ( n2 ) , it would be interesting to know if the inclusion is strict .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
decnet is a suite of network protocols created by digital equipment corporation , originally released in 1975 in order to connect two pdp-11 minicomputers .
in its harshest form it preached that muslims should not only " always oppose " infidels " in every way , " but " hate them for their religion ... for allah 's sake , " that democracy " is responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century , " that shia and other non-wahhabi muslims were infidels , etc .
the catechism is one of luther 's most personal works .
when kennedy 's newly appointed nasa administrator james e. webb requested a 30 percent budget increase for his agency , kennedy supported an acceleration of nasa 's large booster program but deferred a decision on the broader issue .
the investigation of the pathogen that caused the 19th-century plague was begun by teams of scientists who visited hong kong in 1894 , among whom was the french-swiss bacteriologist alexandre yersin , after whom the pathogen was named yersinia pestis .
the " combs " ( also called " ctenes " or " comb plates " ) run across each row , and each consists of thousands of unusually long cilia , up to 2 millimeters ( 0.079 in ) .
the broncos took an early lead in super bowl 50 and never trailed .
[ citation needed ] such individuals claim that many problems with modern schooling stem from the weakness in school discipline and if teachers exercised firm control over the classroom they would be able to teach more efficiently .
the score marked the first time in the entire postseason that carolina was facing a deficit .
in may 2013 , abc launched " watch abc " , a revamp of its traditional multi-platform streaming services encompassing the network 's existing streaming portal at abc.com and a mobile app for smartphones and tablet computers ; in addition to providing full-length episodes of abc programs , the service allows live programming streams of local abc affiliates in select markets ( the first such offering by a u.s. broadcast network ) .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
lower doses of anti-inflammatory drugs are often used in conjunction with cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs such as methotrexate or azathioprine .
at the columbian exposition , under a banner announcing the " tesla polyphase system " , tesla demonstrated a series of electrical effects previously performed throughout america and europe , :76 included using high-voltage , high-frequency alternating current to light a wireless gas-discharge lamp .
edward the confessor had set up the aforementioned ralph as earl of hereford and charged him with defending the marches and warring with the welsh .
this is a big problem , since o2 is produced by the initial light reactions of photosynthesis , causing issues down the line in the calvin cycle which uses rubisco .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
killer t cells are a sub-group of t cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses ( and other pathogens ) , or are otherwise damaged or dysfunctional .
with an estimated completion date of 2020 , the barack obama presidential center will be housed at the university and include both the obama presidential library and offices of the obama foundation .
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
available studies support a performance boost from enriched o 2 mixtures only if they are breathed during aerobic exercise .
the mermaid ( syrenka ) is warsaw 's symbol and can be found on statues throughout the city and on the city 's coat of arms .
the climate is cooler in the savannah grasslands around the capital city , nairobi , and especially closer to mount kenya , which has snow permanently on its peaks .
luther 's hymn , adapted and expanded from an earlier german creedal hymn , gained widespread use in vernacular lutheran liturgies as early as 1525. sixteenth-century lutheran hymnals also included " wir glauben all " among the catechetical hymns , although 18th-century hymnals tended to label the hymn as trinitarian rather than catechetical , and 20th-century lutherans rarely use the hymn because of the perceived difficulty of its tune .
rocks at the depth to be ductilely stretched are often also metamorphosed .
according to this theory , those who already hold wealth have the means to invest in new sources of creating wealth or to otherwise leverage the accumulation of wealth , thus are the beneficiaries of the new wealth .
throughout its existence , warsaw has been a multi-cultural city .
some yuan documents such as wang zhen 's nong shu were printed with earthenware movable type , a technology invented in the 12th century .
the general conference meets every four years ( quadrennium ) .
although kenya is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa , and has an affluent urban minority , it has a human development index ( hdi ) of 0.519 , ranked 145 out of 186 in the world .
among kublai khan 's top engineers and scientists was the astronomer guo shoujing , who was tasked with many public works projects and helped the yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year , which was only 26 seconds off the modern gregorian calendar 's measurement .
contrasting from britain , france sent small numbers of settlers to its colonies , with the only notable exception of algeria , where french settlers nevertheless always remained a small minority .
acute oxygen toxicity ( causing seizures , its most feared effect for divers ) can occur by breathing an air mixture with 21 % o 2 at 66 m or more of depth ; the same thing can occur by breathing 100 % o 2 at only 6 m .
to cut vital supplies to louisbourg , nova scotia 's governor charles lawrence ordered the deportation of the french-speaking acadian population from the area .
in 1929 , the university 's fifth president , robert maynard hutchins , took office ; the university underwent many changes during his 24-year tenure .
shark tank ( based on the dragon 's den reality format ) also became a midseason sleeper hit on sundays in the spring of 2010 ; the following season , it became the tentpole of the network 's friday night schedule , gradually helping make abc a strong competitor ( after being paired with 20/20 and beginning with the 2012–13 season , the tim allen sitcom last man standing ) against cbs ' long-dominant drama/reality lineup on that night for the first time since the " tgif " lineup ended in 2000 .
the principle becomes quite complex , however , given the uncertainties of fossilization , the localization of fossil types due to lateral changes in habitat ( facies change in sedimentary strata ) , and that not all fossils may be found globally at the same time .
a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland during the late 1960s fuelled demands for some form of home rule or complete independence , and in 1969 prompted the incumbent labour government of harold wilson to set up the kilbrandon commission to consider the british constitution .
he concentrated on the church in the electorate of saxony , acting only as an adviser to churches in new territories , many of which followed his saxon model .
in a similar manner , the character of oliver on coupling ( created and written by current show runner steven moffat ) is portrayed as a doctor who collector and enthusiast .
legrande writes that " the formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is extremely difficult , if not impossible .
there also have been reports of such pharmacies dispensing substandard products .
in addition to certification , many educational institutions especially within the us , require that prospective teachers pass a background check and psychiatric evaluation to be able to teach in classroom .
for example , a significant number of students all over wales are educated either wholly or largely through the medium of welsh : in 2008/09 , 22 per cent of classes in maintained primary schools used welsh as the sole or main medium of instruction .
subsequently , californios ( dissatisfied with inequitable taxes and land laws ) and pro-slavery southerners in the lightly populated " cow counties " of southern california attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve a separate statehood or territorial status separate from northern california .
their defeat by the swabian league at the battle of frankenhausen on 15 may 1525 , followed by müntzer 's execution , brought the revolutionary stage of the reformation to a close .
the first minister or members of the cabinet can deliver statements to parliament upon which msps are invited to question .
years before his death , genghis khan asked to be buried without markings , according to the customs of his tribe .
the income gap in other countries ranges from 53 % in botswana to -40 % in bahrain .
that the plague was caused by bad air became the most widely accepted theory .
its major thoroughfares are kings canyon avenue and clovis avenue .
but stephen eilmann argues that if it is necessary to disobey rules that conflict with morality , we might ask why disobedience should take the form of public civil disobedience rather than simply covert lawbreaking .
near sargans a natural dam , only a few metres high , prevents it from flowing into the open seeztal valley and then through lake walen and lake zurich into the river aare .
to recognize the differences of companies in this sector , it is divided into three subsectors : building construction , heavy and civil engineering construction , and specialty trade contractors .
at this time , methodists had not yet broken away from the anglican church and the methodist episcopal church was not founded until 1784 .
if a plant is injured , or something else causes a plant cell to revert to a meristematic state , chloroplasts and other plastids can turn back into proplastids .
since ozone absorbs strongly in the uv region of the spectrum , the ozone layer of the upper atmosphere functions as a protective radiation shield for the planet .
as there had already been a king george 's war in the 1740s , british colonists named the second war in king george 's reign after their opponents , and it became known as the french and indian war .
maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party in 1941 and remained its leader until 1972. however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising .
luther 's disappearance during his return trip back to wittenberg was planned .
members of the genus dinophysis have a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte .
there were 158,349 households , of which 68,511 ( 43.3 % ) had children under the age of 18 living in them , 69,284 ( 43.8 % ) were opposite-sex married couples living together , 30,547 ( 19.3 % ) had a female householder with no husband present , 11,698 ( 7.4 % ) had a male householder with no wife present .
the internet2 community , in partnership with qwest , built the first internet2 network , called abilene , in 1998 and was a prime investor in the national lambdarail ( nlr ) project .
in the united states , the industry in 2014 has around $ 960 billion in annual revenue according to statistics tracked by the census bureau , of which $ 680 billion is private ( split evenly between residential and nonresidential ) and the remainder is government .
in southern italy , the normans incorporated elements of islamic , lombard , and byzantine building techniques into their own , initiating a unique style known as norman-arab architecture within the kingdom of sicily .
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) .
as such the european court of justice is bound to draw inspiration from the constitutional traditions common to the member states .
photorespiration can occur when the oxygen concentration is too high .
students are likely to build stronger relations with teachers who are friendly and supportive and will show more interest in courses taught by these teachers .
abc became an aggressive competitor to nbc and cbs when , continuing nbc blue 's traditions of public service , it aired symphony performances conducted by paul whiteman , performances from the metropolitan opera , and jazz concerts aired as part of its broadcast of the chamber music society of lower basin street announced by milton cross .
prime numbers give rise to various generalizations in other mathematical domains , mainly algebra , such as prime elements and prime ideals .
specifically within the year 1636 , it is roughly estimated with evidence held by the society of antiquaries that 47 % of the then population of newcastle died from the epidemic ; this may also have been the most devastating loss in any british city in this period .
however , the colonists were unable to manage their fields and the crops because of the loss of soil fertility and weed invasion .
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
tesla also explained the principles of the rotating magnetic field in an induction motor by demonstrating how to make a copper egg stand on end using a device he constructed known as the egg of columbus .
steam engines can be said to have been the moving force behind the industrial revolution and saw widespread commercial use driving machinery in factories , mills and mines ; powering pumping stations ; and propelling transport appliances such as railway locomotives , ships , steamboats and road vehicles .
the very first fresno television station to begin broadcasting was kmj-tv , which debuted on june 1 , 1953. kmj is now known as nbc affiliate ksee .
the 2013–14 season was a slight improvement for abc with three new hits in the goldbergs , agents of s.h.i.e.l.d .
trotsky , and others , believed that the revolution could only succeed in russia as part of a world revolution .
a deterministic turing machine is the most basic turing machine , which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions .
this process , known to economists as rent-seeking , brings income not from creation of wealth but from " grabbing a larger share of the wealth that would otherwise have been produced without their effort "
these animals possess a large array of molecules called variable lymphocyte receptors ( vlrs ) that , like the antigen receptors of jawed vertebrates , are produced from only a small number ( one or two ) of genes .
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk .
there are about thirty photosynthetic carotenoids .
immunoproteomics is the study of large sets of proteins ( proteomics ) involved in the immune response .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
the nearer side is composed of tall nutritive cells that store nutrients in vacuoles ( internal compartments ) , germ cells that produce eggs or sperm , and photocytes that produce bioluminescence .
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) .
if both of these pieces of information are not known for each force , the situation is ambiguous .
the alta vista tract , as the land would become known , was mapped by william stranahan for the pacific improvement corporation , and was officially platted in 1911. the tract 's boundaries were balch avenue on the south , cedar avenue on the east , the rear property line of platt avenue ( east of sixth street ) and platt avenue ( west of sixth street ) on the north , and first street on the west .
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) .
the medals were awarded posthumously to grissom , white , and chaffee in 1969 , then to the crews of all missions from apollo 8 onward .
he eventually surrendered in northern rhodesia ( today zambia ) fourteen days after the armistice was signed in 1918 .
on 7 january 1943 , at the age of 86 , tesla died alone in room 3327 of the new yorker hotel .
chicago 's physics department helped develop the world 's first man-made , self-sustaining nuclear reaction beneath the university 's stagg field .
james bryant conant ( president , 1933–1953 ) reinvigorated creative scholarship to guarantee its preeminence among research institutions .
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces .
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) .
in an optical mineralogy analysis , thin sections of rock samples are analyzed through a petrographic microscope , where the minerals can be identified through their different properties in plane-polarized and cross-polarized light , including their birefringence , pleochroism , twinning , and interference properties with a conoscopic lens .
co-teaching is defined as two or more teachers working harmoniously to fulfill the needs of every student in the classroom .
as a result , xenoliths are older than the rock which contains them .
by the end of the embargo in march 1974 , the price of oil had risen from us $ 3 per barrel to nearly $ 12 globally ; us prices were significantly higher .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
the derbyshire arrangement served , with minor edits , as the theme tune up to the end of season 17 ( 1979–80 ) .
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
in addition to arguing that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic , sceptics of the bubonic plague theory point out that the symptoms of the black death are not unique ( and arguably in some accounts may differ from bubonic plague ) ; that transference via fleas in goods was likely to be of marginal significance ; and that the dna results may be flawed and might not have been repeated elsewhere , despite extensive samples from other mass graves .
the main difference is that heat addition ( in the boiler ) and rejection ( in the condenser ) are isobaric ( constant pressure ) processes in the rankine cycle and isothermal ( constant temperature ) processes in the theoretical carnot cycle .
chagaan ( tsagaan ) and zhang rou jointly launched an attack on the song dynasty ordered by töregene khatun .
on 15 june 1899 , tesla performed his first experiments at his colorado springs lab ; he recorded his initial spark length at five inches long , but very thick and noisy .
a new arrangement of the theme , once again by gold , was introduced in the 2007 christmas special episode , " voyage of the damned " ; gold returned as composer for the 2010 series .
this was followed up in july 1966 by the newlywed game , featuring three recently married couples who guessed the responses to their partner 's questions ( some of which were fairly risque ) .
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " wir glauben all an einen gott " ( " we all believe in one true god " ) is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism .
this is not a valid comparison—the inner mitochondria membrane is used to run proton pumps and carry out oxidative phosphorylation across to generate atp energy .
as a result , abc was forced to sell all of its interests in international networks , mainly in japan and latin america , in the 1970s .
as a time lord , the doctor has the ability to regenerate when his body is mortally damaged , taking on a new appearance and personality .
first , if a directive 's deadline for implementation is not met , the member state can not enforce conflicting laws , and a citizen may rely on the directive in such an action ( so called " vertical " direct effect ) .
victoria contains many topographically , geologically and climatically diverse areas , ranging from the wet , temperate climate of gippsland in the southeast to the snow-covered victorian alpine areas which rise to almost 2,000 m ( 6,600 ft ) , with mount bogong the highest peak at 1,986 m ( 6,516 ft ) .
over the course of the decade , more than 30 silent film studios were established , earning jacksonville the title of " winter film capital of the world " .
non-religious private schools theoretically could qualify for such funding without hassle , preferring the advantages of independent control of their student admissions and course content instead of the public funding they could get with charter status .
after this , huguenots ( with estimates ranging from 200,000 to 1,000,000 ) fled to surrounding protestant countries : england , the netherlands , switzerland , norway , denmark , and prussia — whose calvinist great elector frederick william welcomed them to help rebuild his war-ravaged and underpopulated country .
this milieu is also thought to support the formation of long-lasting immune memory through the initiation of th1 immune responses .
the unicef index of " child well-being in rich countries " , studying 40 indicators in 22 countries , correlates with greater equality but not per capita income .
southern california , often abbreviated socal , is a geographic and cultural region that generally comprises california 's southernmost 10 counties .
the confederation of the rhine was established by napoleon , as a french client state , in 1806 and lasted until 1814 , during which time it served as a significant source of resources and military manpower for the first french empire .
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession .
during 1942 , pinedale , in what is now north fresno , was the site of the pinedale assembly center , an interim facility for the relocation of fresno area japanese americans to internment camps .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
following this exodus , huguenots remained in large numbers in only one region of france : the rugged cévennes region in the south .
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits .
in 1844 , the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences because of tensions over slavery and the power of bishops in the denomination .
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences .
the galician–volhynian chronicle alleges he was killed by the western xia in battle , while marco polo wrote that he died after the infection of an arrow wound he received during his final campaign .
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere .
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . "
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house .
teachers at ersatzschulen must have at least the same education and at least the same wages as teachers at public schools , an ersatzschule must have at least the same academic standards as a public school and article 7 , paragraph 4 of the grundgesetz , also forbids segregation of pupils according to the means of their parents ( the so-called sonderungsverbot ) .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
steven barkan writes that if defendants plead not guilty , " they must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine , or to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case and their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience . "
( lake baikal and ocean were called tenggis by the mongols .
warsaw 's mixture of architectural styles reflects the turbulent history of the city and country .
atp synthase uses the energy from the flowing hydrogen ions to phosphorylate adenosine diphosphate into adenosine triphosphate , or atp .
the city leaders opened the gates to the mongols , though a unit of turkish defenders held the city 's citadel for another twelve days .
for the top 21 industrialised countries , counting each person equally , life expectancy is lower in more unequal countries ( r = -.907 ) .
ms kücükdeveci worked for 10 years , from age 18 to 28 , for swedex gmbh & co kg before her dismissal .
tesla incorrectly believed that x-rays were longitudinal waves , such as those produced in waves in plasmas .
that same year , capital cities/abc purchased the french animation studio dic entertainment ; it also signed an agreement with time warner cable to carry its owned-and-operated television stations on the provider 's systems in abc o & o markets .
these advances led to the development of a layered model of the earth , with a crust and lithosphere on top , the mantle below ( separated within itself by seismic discontinuities at 410 and 660 kilometers ) , and the outer core and inner core below that .
the leading schools such as the groton school had substantial endowments running to hundreds of millions of dollars supplemented by fundraising drives .
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman .
st joseph 's college , gregory terrace , saint ignatius ' college , riverview , st gregory 's college , campbelltown , st aloysius ' college ( sydney ) and st joseph 's college , hunters hill , as well as loreto kirribilli , monte sant angelo mercy college , st ursula 's college and loreto normanhurst for girls .
here the rhine flows through the largest conurbation in germany , the rhine-ruhr region .
with isotopic dates it became possible to assign absolute ages to rock units , and these absolute dates could be applied to fossil sequences in which there was datable material , converting the old relative ages into new absolute ages .
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . )
as luther later noted , " the pope had a finger in the pie as well , because one half was to go to the building of st peter 's church in rome " .
there , he explored the mountains in hunter 's garb .
tesla considered the winter of 1886/1887 as a time of " terrible headaches and bitter tears . "
they must report and reapply annually ; and they must complete at least one advanced course every three years .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
over the next three years he deployed a series of papal theologians and envoys against luther , which served only to harden the reformer 's anti-papal theology .
meanwhile , denver 's offense was kept out of the end zone for three plays , but a holding penalty on cornerback josh norman gave the broncos a new set of downs .
in the philippines , the private sector has been a major provider of educational services , accounting for about 7.5 % of primary enrollment , 32 % of secondary enrollment and about 80 % of tertiary enrollment .
he completed the 1752 treaty of logstown in which the local indians , through their " half-king " tanacharison and an iroquois representative , agreed to terms that included permission to build a " strong house " at the mouth of the monongahela river ( the site of present-day pittsburgh , pennsylvania ) .
" old briton " ignored the warning .
it precipitated civil bloodshed , ruined commerce , and resulted in the illegal flight from the country of hundreds of thousands of protestants , many of whom became intellectuals , doctors and business leaders in britain as well as holland , prussia , and south africa .
the contracted batch of 15 saturn vs were enough for lunar landing missions through apollo 20. nasa publicized a preliminary list of eight more planned landing sites , with plans to increase the mass of the csm and lm for the last five missions , along with the payload capacity of the saturn v. these final missions would combine the i and j types in the 1967 list , allowing the cmp to operate a package of lunar orbital sensors and cameras while his companions were on the surface , and allowing them to stay on the moon for over three days .
following the nice treaty , there was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the european union and make it more transparent ; this would have also produced a single constitutional document .
however , its dominance has been eroded by wrangles within the now defunct kenya football federation , leading to a suspension by fifa which was lifted in march 2007 .
in addition ; tracks , signalling and overhead wires are also being overhauled .
although lacking historical connections to the middle east , japan was the country most dependent on arab oil .
in hinduism the spiritual teacher is known as a guru , and , in many traditions of hinduism - especially those common in the west - the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high , with gurus often exercising a great deal of control over the lives of their disciples .
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction .
it is likely that the 13th century mongolian pronunciation would have closely matched " chinggis " .
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces .
the grainger market itself , was opened in 1835 and was newcastle 's first indoor market .
" the islamic state " , formerly known as the " islamic state of iraq and the levant " and before that as the " islamic state of iraq " , ( and called the acronym daesh by its many detractors ) , is a wahhabi/salafi jihadist extremist militant group which is led by and mainly composed of sunni arabs from iraq and syria .
however , the distribution of primes , that is to say , the statistical behaviour of primes in the large , can be modelled .
the time and memory consumption of these alternate models may vary .
the competition resulted in edison machine works pursuing ac development in 1890 and by 1892 thomas edison was no longer in control of his own company , which was consolidated into the conglomerate general electric and converting to an ac delivery system at that point .
[ citation needed ] a group of huguenots was part of the french colonisers who arrived in brazil in 1555 to found france antarctique .
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai .
many rivers have been closed ( " dammed " ) and now serve as drainage channels for the numerous polders .
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia .
the bubonic plague mechanism was also dependent on two populations of rodents : one resistant to the disease , which act as hosts , keeping the disease endemic , and a second that lack resistance .
from the mid-2000s , the university began a number of multimillion-dollar expansion projects .
italian sculptors whose work is held by the museum include : bartolomeo bon , bartolomeo bellano , luca della robbia , giovanni pisano , donatello , agostino di duccio , andrea riccio , antonio rossellino , andrea del verrocchio , antonio lombardo , pier jacopo alari bonacolsi , andrea della robbia , michelozzo di bartolomeo , michelangelo ( represented by a freehand wax model and casts of his most famous sculptures ) , jacopo sansovino , alessandro algardi , antonio calcagni , benvenuto cellini ( medusa 's head dated c. 1547 ) , agostino busti , bartolomeo ammannati , giacomo della porta , giambologna ( samson slaying a philistine ( giambologna ) c. 1562 , his finest work outside italy ) , bernini ( neptune and triton c. 1622–3 ) , giovanni battista foggini , vincenzo foggini ( samson and the philistines ) , massimiliano soldani benzi , antonio corradini , andrea brustolon , giovanni battista piranesi , innocenzo spinazzi , canova , carlo marochetti and raffaelle monti .
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) .
the earth 's mantle , of much larger mass than the crust , is largely composed of silicates of magnesium and iron .
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " .
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
the abc logo first appeared as a on-screen bug in the 1993–94 season , appearing initially only for 60 seconds at the beginning of an act or segment , before appearing throughout programs ( except during commercial breaks ) beginning in the 1995–96 season ; the respective iterations of the translucent logo bug were also incorporated within program promotions until the 2011–12 season .
it has offered a doctorate in music composition since 1933 and in cinema & media studies since 2000 , a master of fine arts in visual arts ( early 1970s ) , and a master of arts in the humanities with a creative writing track ( 2000 ) .
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs .
while in-house production had ceased , the bbc hoped to find an independent production company to relaunch the show .
both before and after the 1708 passage of the foreign protestants naturalization act , an estimated 50,000 protestant walloons and huguenots fled to england , with many moving on to ireland and elsewhere .
the luther bible influenced other vernacular translations , such as william tyndale 's english bible ( 1525 forward ) , a precursor of the king james bible .
the astronauts would begin wearing a new apollo spacesuit , designed to accommodate lunar extravehicular activity ( eva ) .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
after the fortress fell , genghis supposedly reneged on his surrender terms and executed every soldier that had taken arms against him at samarkand .
symptoms are high fevers and purple skin patches ( purpura due to disseminated intravascular coagulation ) .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
teachers in scotland can be registered members of trade unions with the main ones being the educational institute of scotland and the scottish secondary teachers ' association .
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
the earth 's crustal rock is composed in large part of oxides of silicon ( silica sio 2 , as found in granite and quartz ) , aluminium ( aluminium oxide al 2o 3 , in bauxite and corundum ) , iron ( iron ( iii ) oxide fe 2o 3 , in hematite and rust ) , and calcium carbonate ( in limestone ) .
luther wrote " aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir " ( " from depths of woe i cry to you " ) in 1523 as a hymnic version of psalm 130 and sent it as a sample to encourage evangelical colleagues to write psalm-hymns for use in german worship .
:121,154 he lived most of his life in a series of new york hotels , through his retirement .
jamukha escaped during the conflict .
on the extended lunar missions , an orbital scientific instrument package was carried .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
during 2003–04 , the gross value of victorian agricultural production increased by 17 % to $ 8.7 billion .
walt wanted abc to invest $ 500,000 and accrued a guarantee of $ 4.5 million in additional loans , a third of the budget intended for the park .
on april 21 , 2004 , disney announced a restructuring of its disney media networks division with anne sweeney being named president of abc parent disney–abc television group , and espn president george bodenheimer becoming co-ceo of the division with sweeney , as well as president of abc sports .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
in december 1984 , thomas s. murphy , chief executive officer of capital cities communications , contacted leonard goldenson about a proposal to merge their respective companies .
extra pay is also given for teaching through the irish language , in a gaeltacht area or on an island .
he tried to put these ideas to practical use in an ill-fated attempt at intercontinental wireless transmission , his unfinished wardenclyffe tower project .
the abc logo has evolved many times since the network 's creation in 1943. the network 's first logo , introduced in 1946 , consisted of a television screen containing the letters " t " and " v " , with a vertical abc microphone in the center , referencing the network 's roots in radio .
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck .
the free movement of workers regulation articles 1 to 7 set out the main provisions on equal treatment of workers .
after the success of the british galleries , opened in 2001 , it was decided to embark on a major redesign of all the galleries in the museum ; this is known as " futureplan " , and was created in consultation with the exhibition designers and masterplanners metaphor .
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular .
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl .
overall , between 1992 and 2008 the percent of pupils in such schools in germany increased from 6.1 % to 7.8 % ( including rise from 0.5 % to 6.1 % in the former gdr ) .
in march 1864 a confederate cavalry confronted a union expedition resulting in the battle of cedar creek .
from this standpoint , for any given amount of wealth in society , a society with more equality will have higher aggregate utility .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
the annual transpacific yacht race , or transpac , from los angeles to hawaii , is one of yachting 's premier events .
the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the middle east , across all sectors , job types and levels of experience , is £42,090 , compared to £26,719 in the uk .
closely related fields in theoretical computer science are analysis of algorithms and computability theory .
they were descended from norse ( " norman " comes from " norseman " ) raiders and pirates from denmark , iceland and norway who , under their leader rollo , agreed to swear fealty to king charles iii of west francia .
sport scholarship , art scholarship , academic scholarship ) , financial need , or tax credit scholarships that might be available .
the term annual conference is often used to refer to the geographical area it covers as well as the frequency of meeting .
tesla may have inadvertently captured an x-ray image—predating , by a few weeks , wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 announcement of the discovery of x-rays—when he tried to photograph mark twain illuminated by a geissler tube , an earlier type of gas discharge tube .
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) .
the 2012 act conferred further fiscal devolution including borrowing powers and some other unconnected matters such as setting speed limits and control of air guns .
harvard college accepted 5.3 % of applicants for the class of 2019 , a record low and the second lowest acceptance rate among all national universities .
agreement was achieved on fourteen points out of fifteen , the exception being the nature of the eucharist – the sacrament of the lord 's supper—an issue crucial to luther .
teaching using pedagogy also involve assessing the educational levels of the students on particular skills .
he was persuaded to sail a shipment of coal to newcastle by merchants plotting to ruin him ; however his shipment arrived on the tyne during a strike that had crippled local production ; unexpectedly he made a considerable profit .
preschool , which targets children from age three to five , is an integral component of the education system and is a key requirement for admission to standard one ( first grade ) .
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . )
when they were first observed in 1962 , some plant biologists dismissed the structures as artifactual , claiming that stromules were just oddly shaped chloroplasts with constricted regions or dividing chloroplasts .
additionally , many organizations , conferences , and congregations have recently called for broader acceptance of the lgbt community within the umc .
tesla obtained around 300 patents worldwide for his inventions .
ironically , just such a failure happened on apollo 13 when an oxygen tank explosion left the command ship without electrical power .
oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema , pneumonia , some heart disorders ( congestive heart failure ) , some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure , and any disease that impairs the body 's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen .
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation .
this is repeated iteratively until all available list seats are allocated .
these chloroplasts are bounded by up to five membranes , ( depending on whether you count the entire diatom endosymbiont as the chloroplast , or just the red algal derived chloroplast inside it ) .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
however , the rainforest still managed to thrive during these glacial periods , allowing for the survival and evolution of a broad diversity of species .
he was the first yuan emperor to actively support and adopt mainstream chinese culture after the reign of kublai , to the discontent of some mongol elite .
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay .
after the miss , manning completed a pair of passes to emmanuel sanders for gains of 25 and 22 yards , setting up mcmanus ' 33-yard field goal that gave the broncos a 16–7 lead .
unfortunately , he arrived too late to enroll at charles-ferdinand university ; he never studied greek , a required subject ; and he was illiterate in czech , another required subject .
currently , new jersey , rhode island and delaware are the only u.s. states where abc does not have a locally licensed affiliate ( new jersey is served by new york city o & o wabc-tv and philadelphia o & o wpvi-tv ; rhode island is served by new bedford , massachusetts-licensed wlne ; and delaware is served by wpvi and salisbury , maryland affiliate wmdt ) .
a 2012 article placed this childhood juxtaposition of fear and thrill " at the center of many people 's relationship with the show " , and a 2011 online vote at digital spy deemed the series the " scariest tv show of all time " .
nevertheless , the format of the congress and many specifics of the plan became the prototype for confederation during the war of independence .
according to the secret history of the mongols genghis khan fell from his horse while hunting and died because of the injury .
a better explainer of growing inequality , according to stiglitz , is the use of political power generated by wealth by certain groups to shape government policies financially beneficial to them .
this combination of mhc and antigen attracts a matching helper t cell , which releases lymphokines and activates the b cell .
in the united kingdom , bbc radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will carry the contest .
new rochelle , located in the county of westchester on the north shore of long island sound , seemed to be the great location of the huguenots in new york .
to be recognized as local church lay servant , they must be recommended by their pastor and church council or charge conference , and complete the basic course for lay servant .
could earn over €90,000 .
surveys of plague pit remains in france and england indicate the first variant entered europe through the port of marseille around november 1347 and spread through france over the next two years , eventually reaching england in the spring of 1349 , where it spread through the country in three epidemics .
one class of non-self molecules are called antigens ( short for antibody generators ) and are defined as substances that bind to specific immune receptors and elicit an immune response .
in 1501 , at the age of 19 , he entered the university of erfurt , which he later described as a beerhouse and whorehouse .
in 1656 , the plague killed about half of naples ' 300,000 inhabitants .
at the start of the war , the french north american colonies had a population of roughly 60,000 european settlers , compared with 2 million in the british north american colonies .
abc originally launched on october 12 , 1943 as a radio network , separated from and serving as the successor to the nbc blue network , which had been purchased by edward j. noble .
in 1993 , for the franchise 's 30th anniversary , another charity special , titled dimensions in time was produced for children in need , featuring all of the surviving actors who played the doctor and a number of previous companions .
unfortunately this belief still lives on in poland ( although not as much as it used to be ) – even though since 1990 there are no limitations to residency registration anymore .
teachers may provide instruction in literacy and numeracy , craftsmanship or vocational training , the arts , religion , civics , community roles , or life skills .
the mongols practiced debt slavery , and by 1290 in all parts of the mongol empire commoners were selling their children into slavery .
the reason for the majority rule is the high risk of a conflict of interest and/or the avoidance of absolute powers .
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression .
following the merger , thomas s. murphy left abc with robert iger taking his place as president and ceo .
it is a unesco world heritage site ( 2002 ) and known as " the romantic rhine " , with more than 40 castles and fortresses from the middle ages and many quaint and lovely country villages .
classes like ip and am are defined using interactive proof systems .
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury .
for this , eck branded luther a new jan hus , referring to the czech reformer and heretic burned at the stake in 1415. from that moment , he devoted himself to luther 's defeat .
( an earlier version of eyevision was last used in super bowl xxxv ; for super bowl 50 , the cameras were upgraded to 5k resolution . )
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
dr. thomas coke , already an anglican priest , assisted wesley in this action .
jon culshaw frequently impersonates the fourth doctor in the bbc dead ringers series .
alternatively , if an external force acts on the system , then the center of mass will experience an acceleration proportional to the magnitude of the external force divided by the mass of the system .
mcmanus made all four of his field goals , making him perfect on all 11 attempts during the post-season .
in " the name of the doctor " , the eleventh doctor meets an unknown incarnation of himself , whom he refers to as " his secret " and who is subsequently revealed to be the war doctor .
viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901 , with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by walter reed .
in the early 1970s , trevor martin played the role in doctor who and the daleks in the seven keys to doomsday .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
often , the owner of the property acts as laborer , paymaster , and design team for the entire project .
with the 2011 cancellation of supernanny , extreme makeover : home edition became the only remaining program on the network 's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition .
nevertheless , professor richard ( dick ) geary , former professor of modern history at the university of nottingham , england , and the author of hitler and nazism ( routledge 1993 ) , wrote in the journal history today an article on who voted for the nazis in elections held from 1928-1933 , where he claimed that from his research he found that the nazis gained disproportionately more votes from protestant than catholic areas of germany .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
the mongols characterized otachi doctors by their use of herbal remedies , which was distinguished from the spiritual cures of mongol shamanism .
luther 's small catechism proved especially effective in helping parents teach their children ; likewise the larger catechism was effective for pastors .
legally , only non-profit trusts and societies can run schools in india .
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
warsaw was occupied by germany from 4 august 1915 until november 1918. the allied armistice terms required in article 12 that germany withdraw from areas controlled by russia in 1914 , which included warsaw .
although some of constable 's works came to the museum with the sheepshanks bequest , the majority of the artist 's works were donated by his daughter isabel in 1888 , including the large number of sketches in oil , the most significant being the 1821 full size oil sketch for the hay wain .
both x.25 and frame relay provide connection-oriented operations . but x.25 does it at the network layer of the osi model . frame relay does it at level two , the data link layer .
during the following years , a magnetic tape shortage prompted nasa to remove massive numbers of magnetic tapes from the national archives and records administration to be recorded over with newer satellite data .
in accordance with his father 's wishes , luther enrolled in law school at the same university that year but dropped out almost immediately , believing that law represented uncertainty .
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals .
they can be combined with ideal pulleys , which allow ideal strings to switch physical direction .
rather than simply dispensing medication , pharmacists are increasingly expected to be compensated for their patient care skills .
moreover , the doctor of pharmacy ( pharm . d. ) degree is now required before entering practice and some pharmacists now complete one or two years of residency or fellowship training following graduation .
to accept jail penitently as an accession to 'the rules ' is to switch suddenly to a spirit of subservience , to demean the seriousness of the protest ... in particular , the neo-conservative insistence on a guilty plea should be eliminated . "
in china , the polymath shen kuo ( 1031–1095 ) formulated a hypothesis for the process of land formation : based on his observation of fossil animal shells in a geological stratum in a mountain hundreds of miles from the ocean , he inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by deposition of silt .
in the river , electric eels can produce an electric shock that can stun or kill , while piranha are known to bite and injure humans .
in general there were very few north chinese or southerners reaching the highest-post in the government compared with the possibility that persians did so in the ilkhanate .
in 1066 , duke william ii of normandy conquered england killing king harold ii at the battle of hastings .
the collection includes the earliest known piece of english silver with a dated hallmark , a silver gilt beaker dated 1496–97 .
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species .
this phenomenon is known as the west lothian question and has led to criticism .
primary school is free in public schools and those who exit at this level can join a vocational youth/village polytechnic or make their own arrangements for an apprenticeship program and learn a trade such as tailoring , carpentry , motor vehicle repair , brick-laying and masonry for about two years .
geochronologists precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section in order to provide better absolute bounds on the timing and rates of deposition .
after the revocation of the edict of nantes , the dutch republic received the largest group of huguenot refugees , an estimated total of 75,000 to 100,000 people .
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
its saturn ib was allocated to the dual mission , now redesignated as-205/208 or as-258 , planned for august 1967. mcdivitt , scott and schweickart were promoted to the prime as-258 crew , and schirra , eisele and cunningham were reassigned as the apollo 1 backup crew .
for example , depictions of opulent american lifestyles in the soap opera dallas during the cold war changed the expectations of romanians ; a more recent example is the influence of smuggled south korean drama series in north korea .
within the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts , commensal flora serve as biological barriers by competing with pathogenic bacteria for food and space and , in some cases , by changing the conditions in their environment , such as ph or available iron .
" dà yuán " ( 大元 ) is from the sentence " 大哉乾元 " ( dà zai qián yuán / " great is qián , the primal " ) in the commentaries on the classic of changes ( i ching ) section regarding qián ( 乾 ) .
the practice has been for the union government to provide the broad policy directions while the states create their own rules and regulations for the administration of the sector .
for example , to check the primality of 37 , only three divisions are necessary ( m = 2 , 3 , and 5 ) , given that 4 and 6 are composite .
the internet2 community , in partnership with qwest , built the first internet2 network , called abilene , in 1998 and was a prime investor in the national lambdarail ( nlr ) project .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
the carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching , the new york times , and some students have criticized harvard for its reliance on teaching fellows for some aspects of undergraduate education ; they consider this to adversely affect the quality of education .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story .
starting in 1934 , the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company began paying tesla $ 125 per month as well as paying his rent at the hotel new yorker , expenses the company would pay for the rest of tesla 's life .
for example , an object suspended on a vertical spring scale experiences the force of gravity acting on the object balanced by a force applied by the " spring reaction force " , which equals the object 's weight .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
agriculture is the second largest contributor to kenya 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) , after the service sector .
alternatively , glucose monomers in the chloroplast can be linked together to make starch , which accumulates into the starch grains found in the chloroplast .
there is no known case of any u.s. citizens buying canadian drugs for personal use with a prescription , who has ever been charged by authorities .
the vast majority of kenyans are christian ( 83 % ) , with 47.7 % regarding themselves as protestant and 23.5 % as roman catholic of the latin rite .
rashid al-din reports that the great khan sent for his sons in the spring of 1223 , and while his brothers heeded the order , jochi remained in khorasan .
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials .
the affair caused lasting damage to luther 's reputation .
southern california is famous for tourism and hollywood ( film , television , and music ) .
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005. in this latter gallery stained glass is displayed alongside silverware starting in the 12th century and continuing to the present .
according to work by barro in 1999 and 2000 , high levels of inequality reduce growth in relatively poor countries but encourage growth in richer countries .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
continual motion along the fault maintains the topographic gradient in spite of the movement of sediment , and continues to create accommodation space for the material to deposit .
bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlviii halftime show , and mark ronson also performed .
the battle ended inconclusively , with both sides withdrawing from the field .
the apollo program , also known as project apollo , was the third united states human spaceflight program carried out by the national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , which accomplished landing the first humans on the moon from 1969 to 1972. first conceived during dwight d. eisenhower 's administration as a three-man spacecraft to follow the one-man project mercury which put the first americans in space , apollo was later dedicated to president john f. kennedy 's national goal of " landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth " by the end of the 1960s , which he proposed in a may 25 , 1961 , address to congress .
when the methodists in america were separated from the church of england , john wesley himself provided a revised version of the book of common prayer called the sunday service of the methodists in north america .
the rotational inertia of planet earth is what fixes the constancy of the length of a day and the length of a year .
the two innermost lipid-bilayer membranes that surround all chloroplasts correspond to the outer and inner membranes of the ancestral cyanobacterium 's gram negative cell wall , and not the phagosomal membrane from the host , which was probably lost .
he believed early on that damage to the skin was not caused by the roentgen rays , but by the ozone generated in contact with the skin , and to a lesser extent , by nitrous acid .
edward the confessor had set up the aforementioned ralph as earl of hereford and charged him with defending the marches and warring with the welsh .
doctor who has been nominated for over 200 awards and has won over a hundred of them .
it is recognised that an epidemiological account of the plague is as important as an identification of symptoms , but researchers are hampered by the lack of reliable statistics from this period .
" formal imperialism " is defined as " physical control or full-fledged colonial rule " .
in most countries , the dispensary is subject to pharmacy legislation ; with requirements for storage conditions , compulsory texts , equipment , etc. , specified in legislation .
southern california is also home to a large home grown surf and skateboard culture .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
for luther , also christ 's life , when understood as an example , is nothing more than an illustration of the ten commandments , which a christian should follow in his or her vocations on a daily basis .
pyrenoids can divide to form new pyrenoids , or be produced " de novo " .
death wish coffee beat out nine other contenders from across the united states for the free advertisement .
the v & a dundee will be on the city 's waterfront and is intended to focus on fashion , architecture , product design , graphic arts and photography .
the present building was begun in the 12th century and the last addition to it , apart from the vestries , was the main porch in 1726. it is quite possible that there was an earlier church here dating from saxon times .
in 1959 , this rerun activity was completed with program syndication , with abc films selling programs to networks not owned by abc .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
using such tools , some quantitative force laws were discovered : that the force of gravity is proportional to volume for objects of constant density ( widely exploited for millennia to define standard weights ) ; archimedes ' principle for buoyancy ; archimedes ' analysis of the lever ; boyle 's law for gas pressure ; and hooke 's law for springs .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
the acme of the horizontal engine was the corliss steam engine , patented in 1849 , which was a four-valve counter flow engine with separate steam admission and exhaust valves and automatic variable steam cutoff .
kenya is a presidential representative democratic republic .
exactly 12 months later on 12 december 1964 , kenya became a republic under the name " republic of kenya " .
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball .
kenya covers 581,309 km2 ( 224,445 sq mi ) , and had a population of approximately 45 million people in july 2014 .
the mechanism for chloroplast dna ( cpdna ) replication has not been conclusively determined , but two main models have been proposed .
harvard was formed in 1636 by vote of the great and general court of the massachusetts bay colony .
bedau also notes , though , that the very harmlessness of such entirely symbolic illegal protests toward public policy goals may serve a propaganda purpose .
parties entrust some msps , known as whips , with the task of ensuring that party members vote according to the party line .
the ten commandments , and the beginnings of the renewed life of christians accorded to them by the sacrament of baptism , are a present foreshadowing of the believers ' future angel-like life in heaven in the midst of this life .
in 1351 , the red turban rebellion started and grew into a nationwide uprising .
with the formation of the united methodist church in 1968 , theologian albert c. outler led the team which systematized denominational doctrine .
if we allow polynomial variations in running time , cobham-edmonds thesis states that " the time complexities in any two reasonable and general models of computation are polynomially related " ( goldreich 2008 , chapter 1.2 ) .
nevertheless , professor richard ( dick ) geary , former professor of modern history at the university of nottingham , england , and the author of hitler and nazism ( routledge 1993 ) , wrote in the journal history today an article on who voted for the nazis in elections held from 1928-1933 , where he claimed that from his research he found that the nazis gained disproportionately more votes from protestant than catholic areas of germany .
the aare more than doubles the rhine 's water discharge , to an average of nearly 1,000 m3/s ( 35,000 cu ft/s ) , and provides more than a fifth of the discharge at the dutch border .
the e. w. scripps company is the largest operator of abc stations in terms of overall market reach , owning 15 abc-affiliated stations ( including affiliates in larger markets such as cleveland , phoenix , detroit and denver ) , and through its ownership of phoenix affiliate knxv , las vegas affiliate ktnv-tv and tucson affiliate kgun-tv , the only provider of abc programming for the majority of arizona ( outside of the yuma-el centro market ) and southern nevada .
the title coined the term materia medica .
the episode " the time of the doctor " depicted the doctor acquiring a new cycle of regenerations , starting from the twelfth doctor , due to the eleventh doctor being the product of the doctor 's twelfth regeneration from his original set .
reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation .
for instance , the language { xx | x is any binary string } can be solved in linear time on a multi-tape turing machine , but necessarily requires quadratic time in the model of single-tape turing machines .
these were all formulated and experimentally verified before isaac newton expounded his three laws of motion .
decompression sickness occurs in divers who decompress too quickly after a dive , resulting in bubbles of inert gas , mostly nitrogen and helium , forming in their blood .
this was the first fumble return touchdown in a super bowl since super bowl xxviii at the end of the 1993 season .
oxygen is the oxidant , not the fuel , but nevertheless the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion .
over dinner , washington presented saint-pierre with the letter from dinwiddie demanding an immediate french withdrawal from the ohio country .
this is called immune surveillance .
the swahili built mombasa into a major port city and established trade links with other nearby city-states , as well as commercial centres in persia , arabia , and even india .
the plan that the delegates agreed to was never ratified by the colonial legislatures nor approved of by the crown .
the more recent type of safety valve uses an adjustable spring-loaded valve , which is locked such that operators may not tamper with its adjustment unless a seal illegally is broken .
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) .
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
in the aftermath , montcalm and the indians under his command disagreed about the disposition of prisoners ' personal effects .
in past times , corporal punishment ( spanking or paddling or caning or strapping or birching the student in order to cause physical pain ) was one of the most common forms of school discipline throughout much of the world .
on september 3 , 1958 , the disneyland anthology series was retitled walt disney presents as it became disassociated with the theme park of the same name .
another means of supplying lower-pressure boiler feed water is an injector , which uses a steam jet usually supplied from the boiler .
the city 's tourism , however , was dealt major blows in the late 19th century by yellow fever outbreaks .
the new package included four channels formerly available free-to-air , broadcasting on astra 's satellites , as well as introducing new channels .
the country of australia serves as a case study in relation to british settlement and colonial rule of the continent in the eighteenth century , as it was premised on terra nullius , and its settlers considered it unused by its sparse aboriginal inhabitants .
to date , at least 40,000 plant species , 2,200 fishes , 1,294 birds , 427 mammals , 428 amphibians , and 378 reptiles have been scientifically classified in the region .
on october 19 , nixon requested congress to appropriate $ 2.2 billion in emergency aid to israel , including $ 1.5 billion in outright grants .
after compiling intelligence from many sources genghis khan carefully prepared his army , which was divided into three groups .
soon after , much of tesla 's early research—hundreds of invention models , plans , notes , laboratory data , tools , photographs , valued at $ 50,000—was lost in the 5th avenue laboratory fire of march 1895. tesla is quoted by the new york times as saying , " i am in too much grief to talk .
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area .
acetone ( ( ch 3 ) 2co ) and phenol ( c 6h 5oh ) are used as feeder materials in the synthesis of many different substances .
geographical theories such as environmental determinism also suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of european guidance .
the most famous traveler of the period was the venetian marco polo , whose account of his trip to " cambaluc , " the capital of the great khan , and of life there astounded the people of europe .
also , very unequal societies tend to be politically and socially unstable , which is reflected in lower rates of investment and therefore growth . "
in october , 2007 , internet2 officially retired abilene and now refers to its new , higher capacity network as the internet2 network .
plant chloroplasts provide plant cells with many important things besides sugar , and apicoplasts are no different—they synthesize fatty acids , isopentenyl pyrophosphate , iron-sulfur clusters , and carry out part of the heme pathway .
the river ijssel branch flows to the north and enters the ijsselmeer , formerly the zuider zee brackish lagoon ; however , since 1932 , a freshwater lake .
here , the immune system fails to properly distinguish between self and non-self , and attacks part of the body .
many of tesla 's writings are freely available on the web , including the article " the problem of increasing human energy , " published in the century magazine in 1900 , and the article " experiments with alternate currents of high potential and high frequency , " published in his book inventions , researches and writings of nikola tesla .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
the immune system is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease .
since 1990 the president of warsaw had been elected by the city council .
finding oil and developing new fields usually required five to ten years before significant production .
the first commercial steam-powered device was a water pump , developed in 1698 by thomas savery .
tesla noted the hazards of working with his circuit and single-node x-ray-producing devices .
the invading normans and their descendants replaced the anglo-saxons as the ruling class of england .
butterflies were electrified , swirling in circles with blue halos of st. elmo 's fire around their wings .
william shirley , the expansionist governor of the province of massachusetts bay , was particularly forceful , stating that british colonists would not be safe as long as the french were present .
the role of committees is stronger in the scottish parliament than in other parliamentary systems , partly as a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the government and partly to compensate for the fact that there is no revising chamber .
the service started on 1 september 1993 based on the idea from the then chief executive officer , sam chisholm and rupert murdoch , of converting the company business strategy to an entirely fee-based concept .
hollywood , a district within los angeles , is also a name associated with the motion picture industry .
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration .
among the most well-known experiments in structural geology are those involving orogenic wedges , which are zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
students graduating in the top 4–5 % of the class are awarded degrees summa cum laude , students in the next 15 % of the class are awarded magna cum laude , and the next 30 % of the class are awarded cum laude .
the central highlands were already home to over a million members of the kikuyu people , most of whom had no land claims in european terms and lived as itinerant farmers .
teachers are expected to respect their students ; sarcasm and attempts to humiliate pupils are seen as falling outside of what constitutes reasonable discipline .
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz .
teachers with more experience and higher education earn more than those with a standard bachelor 's degree and certificate .
the 1960s would be marked by the rise of family-oriented series in an attempt by abc to counterprogram its established competitors , but the decade was also marked by the network 's gradual transition to color .
the v & a theatre & performance galleries , formerly the theatre museum , opened in march 2009. the collections are stored by the v & a , and are available for research , exhibitions and other shows .
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill .
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey .
queen elizabeth ii opened the new building on 9 october 2004 .
the input string for a computational problem is referred to as a problem instance , and should not be confused with the problem itself .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
during the construction of a building , the municipal building inspector inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local building code .
previously , geologists could only use fossils and stratigraphic correlation to date sections of rock relative to one another .
15,000 images were taken during the first year of the factory project , including drawings , watercolors , computer-generated art , photographs , posters , and woodcuts .
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " .
geochronologists precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section in order to provide better absolute bounds on the timing and rates of deposition .
tesla was renowned for his achievements and showmanship , eventually earning him a reputation in popular culture as an archetypal " mad scientist " .
the fact that chloroplasts are surrounded by a double membrane is often cited as evidence that they are the descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria .
on 31 december 1687 the first organised group of huguenots set sail from the netherlands to the dutch east india company post at the cape of good hope .
the opening was celebrated with a grand dinner attended by 2000 guests , and the laing art gallery has a painting of this event .
there are over 100 different species of trees and the avenues are a place to sit and relax .
european union law is a body of treaties and legislation , such as regulations and directives , which have direct effect or indirect effect on the laws of european union member states .
its annual budget is greater than $ 2 million .
in past times , corporal punishment ( spanking or paddling or caning or strapping or birching the student in order to cause physical pain ) was one of the most common forms of school discipline throughout much of the world .
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences .
he insisted that , since forgiveness was god 's alone to grant , those who claimed that indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation were in error .
the rhine is the longest river in germany .
in the mid-1950s , frank burnet , inspired by a suggestion made by niels jerne , formulated the clonal selection theory ( cst ) of immunity .
in 1957 , abc entertainment president ollie treiz discovered that the locally produced variety show bandstand had pulled very strong ratings in the philadelphia market on wfil-tv ; treiz ultimately negotiated a deal to take the show national , under the revised title american bandstand ; the show quickly became a social phenomenon by presenting new musical talent and dances to america 's youth and helped make a star out of its host , dick clark .
the computer science network ( csnet ) was a computer network funded by the u.s. national science foundation ( nsf ) that began operation in 1981. its purpose was to extend networking benefits , for computer science departments at academic and research institutions that could not be directly connected to arpanet , due to funding or authorization limitations .
european expansion caused the world to be divided by how developed and developing nation are portrayed through the world systems theory .
in robert michael 's view , luther 's words " we are at fault in not slaying them " amounted to a sanction for murder .
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals .
ranging from about 1 millimeter ( 0.039 in ) to 1.5 meters ( 4.9 ft ) in size , ctenophores are the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia ( " hairs " ) as their main method of locomotion .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
abc news provides news and features content for select radio stations owned by citadel broadcasting , which purchased the abc radio properties in 2007 .
tesla worked every day from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. or later , with dinner from exactly 8:10 p.m. , at delmonico 's restaurant and later the waldorf-astoria hotel .
this forced the emperor xuanzong to move his capital south to kaifeng , abandoning the northern half of his kingdom to the mongols .
conservation is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections , and covers all the collections held by the v & a and the v & a museum of childhood .
the horniman went on to host a joint exhibition with the v & a of musical instruments , and has the loan of 35 instruments from the museum .
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal " sea gooseberry , " pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round .
edwards also comments that luther often deliberately used " vulgarity and violence " for effect , both in his writings condemning the jews and in diatribes against " turks " ( muslims ) and catholics .
the ceremonial walk to the church and the wedding banquet were left out , and were made up two weeks later on 27 june .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
plague was reportedly first introduced to europe via genoese traders at the port city of kaffa in the crimea in 1347. after a protracted siege , during which the mongol army under jani beg was suffering from the disease , the army catapulted the infected corpses over the city walls of kaffa to infect the inhabitants .
' " [ attribution needed ] because of the resources made available by imperialism , the world 's economy grew significantly and became much more interconnected in the decades before world war i , making the many imperial powers rich and prosperous .
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china .
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized .
most of these events are centred on melbourne , but others occur in regional cities , such as the v8 supercars and australian motorcycle grand prix at phillip island , the grand annual steeplechase at warrnambool and the australian international airshow at geelong and numerous local festivals such as the popular port fairy folk festival , queenscliff music festival , bells beach surfclassic and the bright autumn festival .
from a mathematical viewpoint , it roughly states that the asymptotic distribution of primes ( about x/log x of numbers less than x are primes , the prime number theorem ) also holds for much shorter intervals of length about the square root of x ( for intervals near x ) .
folklore says that a river was diverted over his grave to make it impossible to find ( the same manner of burial as the sumerian king gilgamesh of uruk and atilla the hun ) .
according to the new york times on july 22 , 2014 , the " richest 1 percent in the united states now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent " .
notably , in 2013 , john hurt guest-starred as a hitherto unknown incarnation of the doctor known as the war doctor in the run-up to the show 's 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " .
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in .
céloron continued south until his expedition reached the confluence of the ohio and the miami rivers , which lay just south of the village of pickawillany , the home of the miami chief known as " old briton " .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
french irregular forces ( canadian scouts and indians ) harassed fort william henry throughout the first half of 1757. in january they ambushed british rangers near ticonderoga .
the title khagan was not conferred on genghis until after his death , when his son and successor , ögedei , took the title for himself and extended it posthumously to his father ( as he was also to be posthumously declared the founder of the yuan dynasty ) .
the airport handles over five million passengers per year , and is the tenth largest , and the fastest growing regional airport in the uk , expecting to reach 10 million passengers by 2016 , and 15 million by 2030. as of 2007 [ update ] , over 90 destinations are available worldwide .
this decreed that it would be occupied by the allies , until 1935 and after that , it would be a demilitarised zone , with the german army forbidden to enter .
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s .
from this he surmised that nitroaereus is consumed in both respiration and combustion .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
this was the first fumble return touchdown in a super bowl since super bowl xxviii at the end of the 1993 season .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
the public art pieces will be restored and placed near their current locations and will feature wide sidewalks ( up to 28 ' on the east side of the street ) to continue with the pedestrian friendly environment of the district .
the megaregion 's area is more expansive , extending east into las vegas , nevada , and south across the mexican border into tijuana .
30 us states have banned corporal punishment , the others ( mostly in the south ) have not .
the wabc call letters were previously used by the flagship station of cbs radio ( now wcbs ( am ) ) until 1946. the wjz calls would later be reassigned to the then-abc affiliate in baltimore in 1959 , in an historical nod to the fact that wjz was originally established by the baltimore station 's owner at the time , westinghouse .
chloroplasts have their own dna , often abbreviated as ctdna , or cpdna .
johann eck , speaking on behalf of the empire as assistant of the archbishop of trier , presented luther with copies of his writings laid out on a table and asked him if the books were his , and whether he stood by their contents .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
during detention , students normally have to sit in a classroom and do work , write lines or a punishment essay , or sit quietly .
he fled from gallifrey in a stolen mark i type 40 tardis – " time and relative dimension in space " – time machine which allows him to travel across time and space .
beroids prey mainly on other ctenophores .
this was the first super bowl to feature a quarterback on both teams who was the # 1 pick in their draft classes .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
according to the cellular theory of immunity , represented in particular by elie metchnikoff , it was cells – more precisely , phagocytes – that were responsible for immune responses .
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute .
decision problems are one of the central objects of study in computational complexity theory .
after the revocation of the edict of nantes , the dutch republic received the largest group of huguenot refugees , an estimated total of 75,000 to 100,000 people .
the section of huntington boulevard between first street on the west to cedar avenue on the east is the home to many large , stately homes .
stratigraphers can then use these data to reconstruct ancient processes occurring on the surface of the earth , interpret past environments , and locate areas for water , coal , and hydrocarbon extraction .
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications .
on march 17 , 1752 , the governor-general of new france , marquis de la jonquière , died and was temporarily replaced by charles le moyne de longueuil .
a study in england showed a 0.3 % prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional , a group that included priests , religious leaders , and case workers as well as teachers .
frederick william , elector of brandenburg , invited huguenots to settle in his realms , and a number of their descendants rose to positions of prominence in prussia .
for example , in his article , " a machine to end war " , published in 1937 , tesla stated :
chloroplasts stimulate both responses by purposely damaging their photosynthetic system , producing reactive oxygen species .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
carolina 's secondary featured pro bowl safety kurt coleman , who led the team with a career high seven interceptions , while also racking up 88 tackles and pro bowl cornerback josh norman , who developed into a shutdown corner during the season and had four interceptions , two of which were returned for touchdowns .
oxygen is toxic to obligately anaerobic organisms , which were the dominant form of early life on earth until o 2 began to accumulate in the atmosphere about 2.5 billion years ago during the great oxygenation event , about a billion years after the first appearance of these organisms .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
however , in real life , matter has extended structure and forces that act on one part of an object might affect other parts of an object .
ergänzungsschulen have the freedom to operate outside of government regulation and are funded in whole by charging their students tuition fees .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
osweiler was injured , however , leading to manning 's return during the week 17 regular season finale , where the broncos were losing 13–7 against the 4–11 san diego chargers , resulting in manning re-claiming the starting quarterback position for the playoffs by leading the team to a key 27–20 win that enabled the team to clinch the number one overall afc seed .
it was not until january 1518 that friends of luther translated the 95 theses from latin into german and printed and widely copied them , making the controversy one of the first in history to be aided by the printing press .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
it is here that the rhine encounters some more of its main tributaries , such as the neckar , the main and , later , the moselle , which contributes an average discharge of more than 300 m3/s ( 11,000 cu ft/s ) .
the " hugues hypothesis " argues that the name was derived by association with hugues capet , king of france , who reigned long before the reformation .
the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the middle east , across all sectors , job types and levels of experience , is £42,090 , compared to £26,719 in the uk .
like many cities in central and eastern europe , infrastructure in warsaw suffered considerably during its time as an eastern bloc economy – though it is worth mentioning that the initial three-year plan to rebuild poland ( especially warsaw ) was a major success , but what followed was very much the opposite .
the sarah jane adventures , starring elisabeth sladen who reprised her role as investigative journalist sarah jane smith , was developed by cbbc ; a special aired on new year 's day 2007 and a full series began on 24 september 2007. a second series followed in 2008 , notable for ( as noted above ) featuring the return of brigadier lethbridge-stewart .
operating since 1793 and founded as a ‘ conversation club , ’ its lecture theatre was the first public building to be lit by electric light , during a lecture by joseph swan on 20 october 1880 .
the jameel gallery of islamic art , opened in 2006 , houses a representative display of 400 objects with the highlight being the ardabil carpet , the centrepiece of the gallery .
major commerce during this era gave rise to favorable conditions for private southern chinese manufacturers and merchants .
in honor of the 50th super bowl , the pregame ceremony featured the on-field introduction of 39 of the 43 previous super bowl most valuable players .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
in addition , it voted to seek observer status in the national association of evangelicals and in the world evangelical fellowship .
the former midlothian county buildings facing parliament square , high street and george iv bridge in edinburgh ( originally built as the headquarters of the pre-1975 midlothian county council ) housed the parliament 's visitors ' centre and shop , whilst the main hall was used as the parliament 's principal committee room .
tugh temür supported zhu xi 's neo-confucianism and also devoted himself in buddhism .
in some plants such as cacti , chloroplasts are found in the stems , though in most plants , chloroplasts are concentrated in the leaves .
they estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by differences in the amount of inequality in each province or state .
another influence is the geographical phrase south of the tehachapis , which would split the southern region off at the crest of that transverse range , but in that definition , the desert portions of north los angeles county and eastern kern and san bernardino counties would be included in the southern california region due to their remoteness from the central valley and interior desert landscape .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
the drengot family thereafter attained the principality of capua , and emperor henry iii legally ennobled the hauteville leader , drogo , as " dux et magister italiae comesque normannorum totius apuliae et calabriae " ( " duke and master of italy and count of the normans of all apulia and calabria " ) in 1047 .
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality .
bskyb utilises the videoguard pay-tv scrambling system owned by nds , a cisco systems company .
sanders was his top receiver with six receptions for 83 yards .
the average fee is around €5,000 annually for most schools , but some of these schools also provide boarding and the fees may then rise up to €25,000 per year .
instead they begin with a phrase that reads : " the bill for this act of the scottish parliament was passed by the parliament on [ date ] and received royal assent on [ date ] " .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " .
british victories continued in all theaters in the annus mirabilis of 1759 , when they finally captured ticonderoga , james wolfe defeated montcalm at quebec ( in a battle that claimed the lives of both commanders ) , and victory at fort niagara successfully cut off the french frontier forts further to the west and south .
several procedures enable the scottish parliament to scrutinise the government .
he made clear distinction between sodium carbonate and potassium carbonate , and drew attention to the poisonous nature of copper compounds , especially copper vitriol , and also lead compounds .
... the main reason for this shift is the increasing importance of human capital in development .
the ussr 's invasion of afghanistan was only one sign of insecurity in the region , also marked by increased american weapons sales , technology , and outright military presence .
the three sources of european union law are primary law , secondary law and supplementary law .
southern california consists of one combined statistical area , eight metropolitan statistical areas , one international metropolitan area , and multiple metropolitan divisions .
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates .
corliss , and later , poppet valve gears had separate admission and exhaust valves driven by trip mechanisms or cams profiled so as to give ideal events ; most of these gears never succeeded outside of the stationary marketplace due to various other issues including leakage and more delicate mechanisms .
in 1784 , after unsuccessful attempts to have the church of england send a bishop to start a new church in the colonies , wesley decisively appointed fellow priest thomas coke as superintendent ( bishop ) to organize a separate methodist society .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent .
often , it is not just one contractor , but a consortium of several contractors working together .
the waxy cuticle of many leaves , the exoskeleton of insects , the shells and membranes of externally deposited eggs , and skin are examples of mechanical barriers that are the first line of defense against infection .
an example of this is the pronunciation of certain words : " dead " , " cow " , " house " and " strong " are pronounced " deed " , " coo " , " hoos " and " strang " —which is how they were pronounced in the anglo-saxon language .
there , in october 1518 , under questioning by papal legate cardinal cajetan luther stated that he did not consider the papacy part of the biblical church because historistical interpretation of bible prophecy concluded that the papacy was the antichrist .
not a maritime power , and not a nation-state , as it would eventually become , germany ’ s participation in western imperialism was negligible until the late 19th century .
the merger was suspended , and a complaint was filed by the department of justice in july 1967 , with itt going to trial in october 1967 ; the merger was officially canceled after the trial 's conclusion on january 1 , 1968 .
decnet is a suite of network protocols created by digital equipment corporation , originally released in 1975 in order to connect two pdp-11 minicomputers .
an early important political response to the opening of hostilities was the convening of the albany congress in june and july , 1754. the goal of the congress was to formalize a unified front in trade and negotiations with various indians , since allegiance of the various tribes and nations was seen to be pivotal in the success in the war that was unfolding .
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution .
although the mongols had ruled territories including today 's north china for decades , it was not until 1271 that kublai khan officially proclaimed the dynasty in the traditional chinese style .
the three sources of european union law are primary law , secondary law and supplementary law .
on 1 august 1521 , luther wrote to melanchthon on the same theme : " be a sinner , and let your sins be strong , but let your trust in christ be stronger , and rejoice in christ who is the victor over sin , death , and the world .
the isolated subdivision was for years known as the " dogg pound " in reference to a local gang , and as of late 2008 was still known for high levels of violent crime .
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section .
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away .
the galleries overlooking the garden are arranged by theme , tomb sculpture , portraiture , garden sculpture and mythology .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com .
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections .
since september 2004 , the official home of the scottish parliament has been a new scottish parliament building , in the holyrood area of edinburgh .
he was shown to be physically imposing , an equal in stature to the secular german princes with whom he would join forces to spread lutheranism .
article 102 prohibits the abuse of dominant position , such as price discrimination and exclusive dealing .
however , since most antibiotics non-specifically target bacteria and do not affect fungi , oral antibiotics can lead to an " overgrowth " of fungi and cause conditions such as a vaginal candidiasis ( a yeast infection ) .
the block of west end avenue housing the abc news building was renamed peter jennings way in 2006 in honor of the recently deceased longtime abc news chief anchor and anchor of world news tonight .
stephen kemble guided the theatre through many celebrated seasons .
kenyans generally have three meals in a day – breakfast in the morning ( kiamsha kinywa ) , lunch in the afternoon ( chakula cha mchana ) and supper in the evening ( chakula cha jioni or known simply as " chajio " ) .
the party with the highest quotient is awarded the seat , which is then added to its constituency seats in allocating the second seat .
construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser , while construction typically takes place on location for a known client .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
the panthers backfield featured pro bowl running back jonathan stewart , who led the team with 989 rushing yards and six touchdowns in 13 games , along with pro bowl fullback mike tolbert , who rushed for 256 yards and caught 18 passes for another 154 yards .
the state symbols include the pink heath ( state flower ) , leadbeater 's possum ( state animal ) and the helmeted honeyeater ( state bird ) .
robert lawrence argues that technological innovation and automation has meant that low-skilled jobs have been replaced by machine labor in wealthier nations , and that wealthier countries no longer have significant numbers of low-skilled manufacturing workers that could be affected by competition from poor countries .
john wesley originally called this experience the new birth .
on teacher/course evaluations , it was found that teachers who have a positive disposition towards the course content tend to transfer their passion to receptive students .
article 65 of the agreement banned cartels and article 66 made provisions for concentrations , or mergers , and the abuse of a dominant position by companies .
cyclic photophosphorylation is common in c4 plants , which need more atp than nadph .
before the freeze ended in 1952 , there were only 108 existing television stations in the united states ; a few major cities ( such as boston ) had only two television stations , many other cities ( such as pittsburgh and st. louis ) had only one , and still many others ( such as denver and portland ) did not yet have any television service .
west irvine includes the irvine tech center and jamboree business parks .
to the east , the united states census bureau considers the san bernardino and riverside county areas , riverside-san bernardino area as a separate metropolitan area from los angeles county .
gothic architecture is represented in the majestic churches but also at the burgher houses and fortifications .
virtually all nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator .
however , even in this case , bskyb does not carry any control over the channel 's content or carriage issues such as picture quality .
the snp overall majority meant that there was sufficient support in the scottish parliament to hold a referendum on scottish independence .
in 2009 , doctor who was voted the 3rd greatest show of the 2000s by channel 4 , behind top gear and the apprentice .
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959. the series went on to quickly become " immensely popular " .
the bbc 's unnatural histories presented evidence that the amazon rainforest , rather than being a pristine wilderness , has been shaped by man for at least 11,000 years through practices such as forest gardening and terra preta .
the centrifugal governor was adopted by james watt for use on a steam engine in 1788 after watt ’ s partner boulton saw one at a flour mill boulton & watt were building .
physicists are still attempting to develop self-consistent unification models that would combine all four fundamental interactions into a theory of everything .
a function problem is a computational problem where a single output ( of a total function ) is expected for every input , but the output is more complex than that of a decision problem , that is , it is n't just yes or no .
prevenient grace allows those tainted by sin to nevertheless make a truly free choice to accept or reject god 's salvation in christ .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
in 1993 , for the franchise 's 30th anniversary , another charity special , titled dimensions in time was produced for children in need , featuring all of the surviving actors who played the doctor and a number of previous companions .
kenya has proven deposits of oil in turkana and the commercial viability was just discovered .
temperature ) , the intuitive understanding of forces is quantified using precise operational definitions that are consistent with direct observations and compared to a standard measurement scale .
stadtholder william iii of orange , who later became king of england , emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv after the french attacked the dutch republic in 1672. william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state .
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) .
on september 13 , 1977 , the network debuted soap , a controversial soap opera parody which became known for being the first television series to feature an openly gay main character ( played by a then-unknown billy crystal ) ; it last ran on the network on april 20 , 1981 .
in many cases , geologists also study modern soils , rivers , landscapes , and glaciers ; investigate past and current life and biogeochemical pathways , and use geophysical methods to investigate the subsurface .
:32 the classes were held in german , as it was a school within the austro-hungarian military frontier .
on an international level , the price increases changed competitive positions in many industries , such as automobiles .
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices .
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s .
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm .
one of the most visible results of harvard 's attempt to re-balance its budget was their halting of construction of the $ 1.2 billion allston science complex that had been scheduled to be completed by 2011 , resulting in protests from local residents .
the mouth of the rhine into lake constance forms an inland delta .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
such cities , which have over 100,000 people or these , where already was president before 1990. the first warsaw president was jan andrzej menich ( 1695–1696 ) .
due to its energy content , o2 is used by complex forms of life , such as animals , in cellular respiration ( see biological role ) .
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz .
in the united states , each state determines the requirements for getting a license to teach in public schools .
the only reference to immigrant lacemakers in this period is of twenty-five widows who settled in dover , and there is no contemporary documentation to support there being huguenot lacemakers in bedfordshire .
when the double expansion group is duplicated , producing a 4-cylinder compound , the individual pistons within the group are usually balanced at 180° , the groups being set at 90° to each other .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
in 1755 , the british captured fort beauséjour on the border separating nova scotia from acadia ; soon afterward they ordered the expulsion of the acadians .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
whilst this is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics , some teachers and parents advocate a more assertive and confrontational style of discipline .
in 1226 , immediately after returning from the west , genghis khan began a retaliatory attack on the tanguts .
later in life , tesla made claims concerning a " teleforce " weapon after studying the van de graaff generator .
when an activated t cell contacts such cells , it releases cytotoxins , such as perforin , which form pores in the target cell 's plasma membrane , allowing ions , water and toxins to enter .
a 2000 study found that 42 % of uk teachers experienced occupational stress , twice the figure for the average profession .
the views of ali shariati , ideologue of the iranian revolution , had resemblance with mohammad iqbal , ideological father of the state of pakistan , but khomeini 's beliefs is perceived to be placed somewhere between beliefs of sunni islamic thinkers like mawdudi and qutb .
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 .
in what became known as the st. bartholomew 's day massacre of 24 august – 3 october 1572 , catholics killed thousands of huguenots in paris .
also , with the advent of the internet , many teachers are now selling their lesson plans to other teachers through the web in order to earn supplemental income , most notably on teacherspayteachers.com .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
after his father 's death in 1879 , tesla found a package of letters from his professors to his father , warning that unless he were removed from the school , tesla would be killed through overwork .
elders in full connection are each a member of their annual conference order of elders .
for example , derrick norman lehmer 's list of primes up to 10,006,721 , reprinted as late as 1956 , started with 1 as its first prime .
sayyid abul ala maududi was an important early twentieth-century figure in the islamic revival in india , and then after independence from britain , in pakistan .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
it was later called the " first oil shock " , followed by the 1979 oil crisis , termed the " second oil shock . "
some scholars have asserted that luther taught that faith and reason were antithetical in the sense that questions of faith could not be illuminated by reason .
the formal language associated with this decision problem is then the set of all connected graphs—of course , to obtain a precise definition of this language , one has to decide how graphs are encoded as binary strings .
warsaw ( polish : warszawa [ varˈʂava ] ( listen ) ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland .
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced .
a new jewellery gallery , funded by william and judith bollinger , opened on 24 may 2008 .
conservative mp alec shelbrooke was proposing the payments of benefits and tax credits on a " welfare cash card " , in the style of the supplemental nutrition assistance program , that could be used to buy only " essentials " .
in 1939 chinese nationalist soldiers took the mausoleum from its position at the 'lord 's enclosure ' ( mongolian : edsen khoroo ) in mongolia to protect it from japanese troops .
saudi arabia spent over 100 billion dollars in the ensuing decades for helping spread its fundamentalist interpretation of islam , known as wahhabism , throughout the world , via religious charities such al-haramain foundation , which often also distributed funds to violent sunni extremist groups such as al-qaeda and the taliban .
since teachers can affect how students perceive the course materials , it has been found that teachers who showed enthusiasm towards the course materials and students can affect a positive learning experience towards the course materials .
its main component is a statocyst , a balance sensor consisting of a statolith , a solid particle supported on four bundles of cilia , called " balancers " , that sense its orientation .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
the european commission is the main executive body of the european union .
the huguenots furnished two new regiments of his army : the altpreußische infantry regiments no .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
' " [ attribution needed ] because of the resources made available by imperialism , the world 's economy grew significantly and became much more interconnected in the decades before world war i , making the many imperial powers rich and prosperous .
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323. he continued his father 's policies to reform the government based on the confucian principles , with the help of his newly appointed grand chancellor baiju .
this often used to take place in the classroom or hallway , but nowadays the punishment is usually given privately in the principal 's office .
combining these ideas gives a formula that relates the mass ( ) and the radius ( ) of the earth to the gravitational acceleration :
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982. this building is of concrete and very functional , the only embellishment being the iron gates by christopher hay and douglas coyne of the royal college of art .
westinghouse convinced tesla to release his company from the licensing agreement over tesla 's ac patents in exchange for westinghouse electric purchasing the patents for a lump sum payment of $ 216,000 ; this provided westinghouse a break from what , due to alternating current 's rapid gain in popularity , had turned out to be an overly generous $ 2.50 per ac horsepower royalty .
the walt disney company is also a part-owner of hulu ( as part of a consortium that includes , among other parties , the respective parent companies of nbc and fox , nbcuniversal and 21st century fox ) , and has offered full-length episodes of most of abc 's programming through the streaming service since july 6 , 2009 ( which are available for viewing on hulu 's website and mobile app ) , as part of an agreement reached in april that year that also allowed disney to acquire a 27 % ownership stake in hulu .
chinese printing technology was transferred to the mongols through kingdom of qocho and tibetan intermediaries .
secondly , aspirational consumption describes the process of middle income earners aspiring to achieve the standards of living enjoyed by their wealthier counterparts and one method of achieving this aspiration is by taking on debt .
the ediacaran eoandromeda could putatively represent a comb jelly .
founded as a broad islamist coalition in 1989 it was led by abbassi madani , and a charismatic islamist young preacher , ali belhadj .
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch .
france fought and lost a bitter war in vietnam in the 1950s .
oxygen gas can also be produced through electrolysis of water into molecular oxygen and hydrogen .
apollo 5 ( as-204 ) was the first unmanned test flight of lm in earth orbit , launched from pad 37 on january 22 , 1968 , by the saturn ib that would have been used for apollo 1. the lm engines were successfully test-fired and restarted , despite a computer programming error which cut short the first descent stage firing .
it has been established that some plants have linear cpdna , such as maize , and that more species still contain complex structures that scientists do not yet understand .
they suggested that stromatoveris was an evolutionary " aunt " of ctenophores , and that ctenophores originated from sessile animals whose descendants became swimmers and changed the cilia from a feeding mechanism to a propulsion system .
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across .
the mhc : antigen complex is also recognized by the helper cell 's cd4 co-receptor , which recruits molecules inside the t cell ( e.g. , lck ) that are responsible for the t cell 's activation .
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers .
westinghouse also hired tesla for one year for the large fee of $ 2,000 ( $ 52,700 in today 's dollars ) per month to be a consultant at the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company 's pittsburgh labs .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
josel of rosheim , the jewish spokesman who tried to help the jews of saxony in 1537 , later blamed their plight on " that priest whose name was martin luther—may his body and soul be bound up in hell ! —who wrote and issued many heretical books in which he said that whoever would help the jews was doomed to perdition . "
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth .
tesla was incorrect in his assumption that high frequency radio waves would penetrate water but émile girardeau , who helped develop france 's first radar system in the 1930s , noted in 1953 that tesla 's general speculation that a very strong high frequency signal would be needed was correct stating " ( tesla ) was prophesying or dreaming , since he had at his disposal no means of carrying them out , but one must add that if he was dreaming , at least he was dreaming correctly .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
in physics , the university was the site of the chicago pile-1 ( the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction , part of the manhattan project ) , of robert millikan 's oil-drop experiment that calculated the charge of the electron , and of the development of radiocarbon dating by willard f. libby in 1947. the chemical experiment that tested how life originated on early earth , the miller–urey experiment , was conducted at the university .
since the 1970s , numerous geoglyphs have been discovered on deforested land dating between ad 0–1250 , furthering claims about pre-columbian civilizations .
he had been replaced by abercrombie as commander in chief after the failures of 1757. pitt 's plan called for three major offensive actions involving large numbers of regular troops , supported by the provincial militias , aimed at capturing the heartlands of new france .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
louise de coligny , daughter of the murdered huguenot leader gaspard de coligny , married william the silent , leader of the dutch ( calvinist ) revolt against spanish ( catholic ) rule .
the church was eventually replaced by a third , trinity-st. paul 's episcopal church , which contains heirlooms including the original bell from the french huguenot church " eglise du st. esperit " on pine street in new york city , which is preserved as a relic in the tower room .
those huguenots who stayed in france became catholics and were called " new converts " .
the vbns installed one of the first ever production oc-48c ( 2.5 gbit/s ) ip links in february 1999 and went on to upgrade the entire backbone to oc-48c .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
the quick and decisive defeat of the arab troops during the six-day war by israeli troops constituted a pivotal event in the arab muslim world .
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise .
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity .
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people .
tesla described the weapon as capable of being used against ground-based infantry or for anti-aircraft purposes .
2013 economics nobel prize winner robert j. shiller said that rising inequality in the united states and elsewhere is the most important problem .
it was a plug-n-play system .
in anglophone academic works , theories regarding imperialism are often based on the british experience .
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north .
they may continue towards associate membership allowing them to retire as clergy .
hms dreadnought of 1905 was the first major warship to replace the proven technology of the reciprocating engine with the then-novel steam turbine .
an element p of r is called prime element if it is neither zero nor a unit ( i.e. , does not have a multiplicative inverse ) and satisfies the following requirement : given x and y in r such that p divides the product xy , then p divides x or y. an element is irreducible if it is not a unit and can not be written as a product of two ring elements that are not units .
one of the largest items is the hereford screen , weighing nearly 8 tonnes , 10.5 metres high and 11 metres wide , designed by sir george gilbert scott in 1862 for the chancel in hereford cathedral , from which it was removed in 1967. it was made by skidmore & company .
legally , the central bridge is the boundary between high and upper rhine .
the role of " spiritual teacher " may be filled by many individuals in the lds church , often a trusted friend , who may hold any office , from elder to bishop , or no office at all .
plague was reportedly first introduced to europe via genoese traders at the port city of kaffa in the crimea in 1347. after a protracted siege , during which the mongol army under jani beg was suffering from the disease , the army catapulted the infected corpses over the city walls of kaffa to infect the inhabitants .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
petrologists can also use fluid inclusion data and perform high temperature and pressure physical experiments to understand the temperatures and pressures at which different mineral phases appear , and how they change through igneous and metamorphic processes .
for example , the decision problem in presburger arithmetic has been shown not to be in p , yet algorithms have been written that solve the problem in reasonable times in most cases .
in traditional historiography of china , on the other hand , the yuan dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the song dynasty and the ming dynasty .
lately , there has been controversy in kenyan athletics circles , with the defection of a number of kenyan athletes to represent other countries , chiefly bahrain and qatar .
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert .
they ended up using a dc traction motor instead .
in the fall of 1937 , after midnight one night , tesla left the hotel new yorker to make his regular commute to the cathedral and the library to feed the pigeons .
economist joseph stiglitz presented evidence in 2009 that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand .
the river length is significantly shortened from the river 's natural course due to number of canalisation projects completed in the 19th and 20th century .
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman .
the crew of apollo 8 sent the first live televised pictures of the earth and the moon back to earth , and read from the creation story in the book of genesis , on christmas eve , 1968. an estimated one-quarter of the population of the world saw—either live or delayed—the christmas eve transmission during the ninth orbit of the moon .
the system limited the price of " old oil " ( that which had already been discovered ) while allowing newly discovered oil to be sold at a higher price to encourage investment .
the party , or parties , that hold the majority of seats in the parliament forms the scottish government .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
the distinct cultural and ethnic identity of the normans emerged initially in the first half of the 10th century , and it continued to evolve over the succeeding centuries .
with over 600,000 drawings , over 750,000 papers and paraphernalia , and over 700,000 photographs from around the world , together they form the world 's most comprehensive architectural resource .
commissioners have sometimes been found to have abused their offices , particularly since the santer commission was censured by parliament in 1999 , and it eventually resigned due to corruption allegations .
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom .
at the same time the mongols imported central asian muslims to serve as administrators in china , the mongols also sent han chinese and khitans from china to serve as administrators over the muslim population in bukhara in central asia , using foreigners to curtail the power of the local peoples of both lands .
when he arrived in albany , abercrombie refused to take any significant actions until loudoun approved them .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
in humans , this response is activated by complement binding to antibodies that have attached to these microbes or the binding of complement proteins to carbohydrates on the surfaces of microbes .
in 1952 , following pressure from tesla 's nephew , sava kosanović , tesla 's entire estate was shipped to belgrade in 80 trunks marked n.t .
pro bowl defensive tackle kawann short led the team in sacks with 11 , while also forcing three fumbles and recovering two .
as it approaches the dutch border , the rhine has an annual mean discharge of 2,290 m3/s ( 81,000 cu ft/s ) and an average width of 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) .
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union .
terra preta ( black earth ) , which is distributed over large areas in the amazon forest , is now widely accepted as a product of indigenous soil management .
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism .
thomas sowell , in his book knowledge and decisions , claims that this difference is due to women not taking jobs due to marriage or pregnancy , but income studies show that that does not explain the entire difference .
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall .
this creates three main flows , two of which change names rather often .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
when johnson was seen as the larger threat , vaudreuil sent dieskau to fort st. frédéric to meet that threat .
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats .
jacksonville has the country 's tenth-largest arab population , with a total population of 5,751 according to the 2000 united states census .
nbc , which had lagged behind abc for eight years , finished the season in first place in the 18–49 demographic for the first time since 2004 , and in second place in total viewership behind long-dominant cbs .
a function problem is a computational problem where a single output ( of a total function ) is expected for every input , but the output is more complex than that of a decision problem , that is , it is n't just yes or no .
during this time , the discovery of oil in the north sea and the following " it 's scotland 's oil " campaign of the scottish national party ( snp ) resulted in rising support for scottish independence , as well as the snp .
other early benefactors included businessmen charles l. hutchinson ( trustee , treasurer and donor of hutchinson commons ) , martin a. ryerson ( president of the board of trustees and donor of the ryerson physical laboratory ) adolphus clay bartlett and leon mandel , who funded the construction of the gymnasium and assembly hall , and george c. walker of the walker museum , a relative of cobb who encouraged his inaugural donation for facilities .
the glass collection covers 4000 years of glass making , and has over 6000 items from africa , britain , europe , america and asia .
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship .
computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty , and relating those classes to each other .
the geordie dialect has much of its origins in the language spoken by the anglo-saxon populations who migrated to and conquered much of england after the end of roman imperial rule .
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church .
the church operates three hundred sixty schools and institutions overseas .
a natural number greater than 1 that is not a prime number is called a composite number .
the uk subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the agreement on social policy , the 1994 works council directive , which required workforce consultation in businesses , and the 1996 parental leave directive .
pushing against an object on a frictional surface can result in a situation where the object does not move because the applied force is opposed by static friction , generated between the object and the table surface .
:33 he was a polyglot , speaking eight languages : serbo-croatian , czech , english , french , german , hungarian , italian , and latin .
in response to demands for a german liturgy , luther wrote a german mass , which he published in early 1526. he did not intend it as a replacement for his 1523 adaptation of the latin mass but as an alternative for the " simple people " , a " public stimulation for people to believe and become christians . "
fresno is marked by a semi-arid climate ( köppen bsh ) , with mild , moist winters and hot and dry summers , thus displaying mediterranean characteristics .
from 1525 to 1529 , he established a supervisory church body , laid down a new form of worship service , and wrote a clear summary of the new faith in the form of two catechisms .
the ministry of gender and child affairs employed 400 child protection officers in 2009. the causes of child labour include poverty , the lack of access to education and weak government institutions .
[ j ] oxygen toxicity usually begins to occur at partial pressures more than 50 kilopascals ( kpa ) , equal to about 50 % oxygen composition at standard pressure or 2.5 times the normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure of about 21 kpa .
the greatest distinction of an empire is through the amount of land that a nation has conquered and expanded .
however that year , abc had only 14 primary affiliates compared to the 74 that carried the majority of cbs programs and the 71 that were primarily affiliated with nbc .
rem sleep was discovered at the university in 1953 by nathaniel kleitman and eugene aserinsky .
the first geological map of the u.s. was produced in 1809 by william maclure .
revolutionary civil disobedience is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ( or to change cultural traditions , social customs , religious beliefs , etc ... revolution does n't have to be political , i.e .
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285. thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307. temür khan decided to maintain and continue much of the work begun by his grandfather .
john houghton , who was a co-chair of tar wgi , has responded to lindzen 's criticisms of the spm .
however , recent anthropological findings have suggested that the region was actually densely populated .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
all schools in south africa ( including both independent schools and public schools ) have the right to set compulsory school fees , and formerly model c schools tend to set much higher school fees than other public schools .
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue .
