what two scientists were proponents of the humoral theory of immunity ?
where did the pharmacist stand in relation to the emperor 's personal physicians ?
when did the fcc freeze incoming applications for new stations ?
how are the packets routed
other than land laws , what else were the californios dissatisfied with ?
which other empires or dynasties did genghis khan conquer ?
is the umc pro-life or pro-choice ?
what contributed to water pollution in the rhine ?
what is the main reason consulting pharmacists are increasingly working directly with patients ?
what was the name of the locomotive that debuted in 1808 ?
when were attacks on teachers the highest ?
how long as the u.s. government been actively engaged in efforts to counter islamism ?
how is packet mode communication implemented
who was hired to be the deputy director of the office of manned space flight ?
which hotel did the panthers stay at for the super bowl ?
what type of value would the zeta function have if there were finite primes ?
in what decade was seafloor spreading discovered ?
along with fuel sources , what concern has contributed to the development of the advanced steam movement ?
what is the delta in the rhine delimited in the east by ?
revolutionary civil disobedience towards culture is highlighted by example of who ?
when did riots cause the expulsion of jews from several german states ?
who besides woodrow wilson himself had the idea for the inquiry ?
what is seeing the holy bible as the primary authority in the church ?
what is an example of a measurement within a complexity class that would create a bigger set of problems if the bounds were relaxed ?
the amazon region is home to how many species of insect ?
what is the time period represented in the museum 's textiles collection ?
what does salafism in its harshest form encourage its followers to view the religion of others with ?
large predators of the amazon rainforest include the jaguar , cougar , and anaconda , what is one other example ?
when was the coldest temperature in newcastle recorded ?
what are plastoglobuli attached to ?
what kind of protists are euglenophytes ?
which mongol leader completed the conquest of kievan rus ' ?
what was kublai khan 's relation to genghis khan ?
what do oxygen tanks , cryogenics , and chemical compounds serve as for oxygen ?
how many days did the river tyne have the bambuco bridge ?
what has a bigger impact on the united states ' economy more than trade ?
what is the receptor that killer t cells use to bind to specific antigens that are complexed with the mhc class 1 receptor of another cell ?
what types of houses are designed by fresno architects ?
what is another word for long , planar igneous intrusions ?
who has the record of being the oldest quarter back in any super bowl game ?
what feature normally allows the tardis to disguise itself ?
what are apicoplasts missing ?
what is most of warsaw 's modern growth based on ?
what is the resultant force called when two forces act on a particle ?
what individual is the school named after ?
antibodies transported from the mother to an infant via the placenta is an example of what type of short-lived immunity ?
what is the name of the residential treatment program the university runs ?
where did the broncos practice at for super bowl 50 ?
what has lately been being viewed as a fundamental status of member state nationals by the court of justice ?
what is an important factor contributing to inequality for individuals ?
what is the population of the inner mongolia region of china ?
which country used to rule california ?
how many bodies of water makes up lake constance ?
huguenots in killeshandra and county cavan expanded what agricultural industry ?
where is the chloroplast polypeptide synthesized ?
who is elected to serve as the presiding officer at the beginning of each parliamentary session ?
when did the lightening event happen ?
how much of jacksonville is made up of water ?
what new technology allowed abc to pre-record its shows ?
who would a teacher 's college be protecting ?
in what city is the moscone center located ?
what style of lace is erroneously believed by some to have huguenot influence ?
which panthers player got a penalty , which gave the broncos a new set of downs ?
what hotel did the panthers stay in during super bowl 50 ?
what is a ligand on the cell surface that is upregulated after helper t cell activation ?
when did tesla stop serving as the vice president of american institute of electrical engineers ?
super bowl 50 determined the nfl champion for what season ?
what is the eukaryotic parasite responsible for malaria known as ?
what band headlined half-time during super bowl 50 ?
what term referred to middle class citizens leaving the suburbs ?
who identified gravity as a force ?
what series is the longest running program in abc history ?
the rhine is the longest river in what country ?
who released a disco version of the doctor who theme ?
what is this doctrine of god appointing authorities called ?
in which year did the gallery of indian art open ?
which network broadcast the game in spanish ?
what type of beings does doctor who usually take with him on his travels ?
what was the first lutheran hymnal ?
which woman took a leadership role in the mongol empire while succession was being determined ?
how is most plants ' cpdna arranged ?
in the wake of the abc and capital cities merger , who was the president of abc news and abc sports ?
what does oxygen cause to form on metals ?
in 2009 , disney reached an agreement to buy what percentage stake in hulu ?
who normally manages a construction job ?
the first episode of doctor who premiered the day after what famous event in history ?
what is the name of elementary schools ?
which french kind issued this declaration ?
who taped video intros for doctor who shows in canada , that included a trivia question ?
what did luther call the consecrated bread and wine ?
which one of fresno 's hotels burned down ?
what carries a significant amount of the rhine flow through france ?
how far is warsaw from the baltic sea ?
how many solo sacks did von miller have in the game ?
what jacksonville community is known for having heavy ties to the navy ?
what department in the u.s. spearheaded the efforts against islamism ?
where did most chloroplasts come from ?
how many times did southern california attempt to achieve a separate statehood ?
what is another term used for year 13 ?
who may members direct questions towards during general question time ?
what seed was the carolina panthers ?
what may explain why some americans who 've become rich may have had a head start ?
what company owned nbc in the 1930s ?
what are the ties that best described what the " eight counties " are based on ?
how many barrels of oil is it estimated kenya has ?
how much of the european population did the black death kill ?
what years saw the most loss of old shows in the bbc archives ?
which lone female architect listed above is represented in the collection ?
what date were the top two stadium choices for super bowl 50 announced ?
what are associated with normal forces ?
when was the ipcc fourth assessment report published ?
what were the towns granted to the huguenots in 1598 collectively called ?
why do carotenoids make leaves change color in the fall ?
antigen specificity allows responses that are specific to certain types of what ?
what is used to decide a teacher 's salary ?
where does the newcastle student radio station broadcast from during terms ?
the church supports those persons who conscientiously oppose what ?
what kind of representational system does the victorian legislative council have ?
what was the proposed solution to jacksonville 's tax issues ?
who succeeded thomas murphy as president in 1990 ?
in 1735 , where did john and charles wesley teach the gospel in america ?
what format do hearst television 's abc affiliates transmit in ?
when did walt disney productions purchase abc 's shares in the disneyland theme park ?
the price of oil is usually a stable commodity until when ?
what anthropologists are also university alumni members ?
on what service were all my children and one life to live revived on for one season ?
what was one of the norman 's major exports ?
the umc supports federal funding for research on embryos created for what purpose ?
when is sir pindar 's house dated ?
what did france offer that was rare by imperial standards ?
how many homes had bskyb 's direct-to-home satellite service available to them in 2010 ?
in what year did doctor who state that he was the last time lord ?
what are two examples of primitive jawless vertebrates ?
according to wilson 's theorem , what factorial must be divisible by p if some integer p > 1 is to be considered prime ?
which series version had a negative reception from some doctor who viewers ?
how many research centers does the university run on campus ?
what consist of one ore more annual conferences ?
what kind of allegations were brought after the 2007 election ?
who first wrote about the rhine 's discovery and border ?
what has complicated definitions that prevent classification into a framework ?
how many yards was the field goal gano made to make the score 16-10 ?
what type of shadow does the north pennines cast ?
what is the proprietary system that sky+hd uses ?
what is the basis of the hymn ?
which entities have had to develop principles dedicated to conflict resolution between laws of different systems ?
how high are many of the buildings with turrets ?
how many tons of living plants are in the rainforest ?
what does obersee mean ?
what does the zachęta national gallery of art organize exhibitions of art from ?
leonard goldenson announced a merger proposal with what company in december 1965 ?
what type of flower is sought on midsummer 's eve ?
what was the name of the leader through the great depression and world war ii ?
which middle eastern nation in particular views genghis khan as a contemptible perpetrator of genocide ?
what are the two abc affiliates for tampa , florida ?
during what period the drainage basin of the amazon likely split ?
what does the museum of the polish army portray the history of ?
why did the police bring tesla back to gospic ?
what guide states the univeristy of chicago is known for their heavy workload and academic difficulty ?
what was the first super bowl that the carolina panthers played in ?
in what year was the trial of rev . jimmy creech ?
does the new deal include video on demand and high definition ?
where is peridinin found ?
european imperialism was focused on what ?
the principle of faunal succession was developed 100 years before whose theory of evolution ?
in what year did the fcc begin an investigation in to the operation of radio networks in america
by decreasing resistance to blood flow in the lungs , what organ 's workload can be eased ?
how much does a probationer earn , after 6 years of service ?
what was the capital of the ottoman empire ?
is the lisbon treaty one that would alter existing treaties or replace them ?
there is a public database of epitopes for pathogens known to be recognizable by what cells ?
what is the name of espn 's streaming service that is analogous to watch abc ?
what increases rapidly as per capita income increases ?
what are new responsibilities pharmacy technicians now deal with ?
what is it called when the tax rate and base amount increase simultaneously ?
what trading route joined khwarezmia and the mongol empire ?
what is a quarter of warsaw filled with ?
what flows between the bingen and bonn ?
has the tourism sector had growth or reduction ?
what function is a teacher 's role similar to ?
how long did it take for thoreau 's disobedience to be known ?
how do pathogens avoid detection ?
who was the first president of the university of chicago ?
who formed the government in kenya ?
since denver chose white , what colors did carolina wear in super bowl 50 ?
whwn forces are at right ngles to each other what can they be broken down to ?
what do germans call private schools ?
how do ctenophores control buoyancy ?
what is the result of the calvin cycle ?
what do msps who are not in the chamber when the division bell rings return to do ?
what is the english translation of tawhid ?
during what type of climate is oxygen 18 in seawater at higher levels ?
when is the first reference in history to warsaw ?
what cultural festival is the sama festival ?
what did luther 's opponents think that it meant about god 's presence ?
where does the pupil remain while in detention
what are some other factors a pharmacist must monitor ?
what type of housing was erected in warsaw as part of the bricks for warsaw process ?
what do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells lack ?
when did tesla first show off the turbine ?
what is the only organization which may speak officially for the church ?
what year were the first doctor who stories available on cd ?
what service did verizon customers need to use to stream the game on their smartphones ?
what english chemist showed that fire only needed nitoaereus ?
what does pushing and pulling perceptions provide for describing forces ?
what is the largest main branch of the rhine ?
what type of outlook do some of the muslims in london have ?
in 1972 , did norway end up joining the european union ?
what is the highest point of the rhine basin called ?
who granted newcastle a new charter in 1589 ?
which organization released a california earthquake forecast ?
what was east and central africa 's economy boosted by ?
what is another way of referring to stators ?
what has presented problems to the us economy more than other nations ?
what are deacons granted if they are appointed as pastor in a local church ?
how were enemy prisoners used tactically by mongol armies ?
which tfeu article states that states are exempt from infringing on rights of establishment when they exercise official authority ?
what compounds are released by injured or infected cells , triggering inflammation ?
what does the discovery museum draw attention to ?
on what day does a general question time take place ?
the university agreed to grant a degree to any graduate of affiliate schoos that did what ?
where in warsaw are patriotic and political objects connected with poland 's struggles for independence found ?
who was the leader of the khwarezmian dynasty in the early 1200s ?
besides declaring luther to be an outlaw and banning his works , what else was decided ?
what kind of field is necessary to produce a magnet effect in oxygen molecules ?
jean de rely 's illustrated french-language scriptures were first published in what city ?
to what century did the idea of ether belong ?
what type of camera was used to record the moon landing ?
when was the agreement to acquire abc approved by upt 's board ?
what type of intervention would changing the work environment be ?
what actor played the valeyard ?
ctenophores , cnidarians and what other group are labelled diploblastic ?
what group can teachers in wales register with ?
what book did luther read in 1542 ?
who are the oldest villains from the doctor who series ?
when was the abc pictures division eventually dissolved ?
how did luther view islam ?
what is a hauptlied ?
what is the mayor of warsaw called ?
did tesla graduate from the university ?
on what type of exponentiation does the diffie–hellman key exchange depend on ?
how many dairy cows are there in australia ?
how do you pronounce fresno ?
when was the upper rhine sold to burgundy ?
which member state declined to sign the social charter ?
where is polonia 's home venue located ?
who scored the panthers first touchdown ?
when did tugh temur found his academy ?
what has caused savanna regions to grow into the south american tropics in the last 34 million years ?
which two british sculptors are now represented with the opening of the new galleries ?
what year was north america 's first printing press started ?
when was the masovian duchy reincorporated into the polish crown ?
by what means is bulk oxygen shipped ?
what is a hermaphrodite ?
how many graduate students does harvard have ?
what gender are most species of ctenophores ?
which conjecture holds that for any positive integer n , there is an infinite amount of pairs of consecutive primes differing by 2n ?
along with toys , where are oscillating cylinder steam engines typically used ?
what percentage of farmland grows wheat ?
when did tesla start deliberately experimenting with x-ray imaging ?
what is the name of the mystical type of islam ?
which group keep the eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parent 's body until they hatch ?
what motivation is opportunity-based entrepreneurship driven by ?
how did some suspect that polo learned about china instead of by actually visiting it ?
who is antigone 's father in the play ?
what type of regime ruled over sudan for many years ?
in what country is a background check required ?
what are the " big five " animals in kenya ?
when did bskyb first announce their target goal ?
when was the article published ?
what hymn did luther write after the martyrdom of esch and voes ?
what is the confusion of the french and indian war ?
what lab does the university have a joint stake in ?
what was the population jacksonville city as of 2010 ?
what was the name of the media day event for super bowl 50 ?
in the 1980s , what cable sports channel did abc purchase ?
against whom did the camisards rise up to fight ?
how many total judges are there in the eu ?
what is the purpose of the aser ?
how long has the imagery of the mermaid been used by warsaw ?
how concentrated do the hydrogen ions get in the thylakoid space ?
what " dynamic theory " did tesla say he finished in 1937 ?
when did luther appeared before the diet of worms ?
in some countries over how many steps can it take to build on government land ?
when was the outbreak of world war i ?
what clothing company was a super bowl sponsor ?
aside from oxides , what other compounds comprise a large portion of the earth 's crust ?
when did luther broaden his attacks to include core church doctrines ?
what is the house of tides ?
where was the khwarezmid capital moved after genghis khan 's forces prevailed in samarkand ?
what is the most well-known algorithm associated with the integer factorization problem ?
many changes in the vegetation of the amazon rainforest took place since the last glacial maximum , which was how many years ago ?
in what super bowl did rivera play ?
what tradition were the saint-evroul monks known for ?
who was al-banna 's assassination a retaliation for the prior assassination of ?
what one word did the nfl commissioner use to describe what super bowl 50 was intended to be ?
where did korea border kublai 's territory ?
oxygen exists in the atmosphere by way of what ?
what do platyctenida use their pharynx for ?
who played a part in the development of radar in france ?
where are some physicians permitted to prescribe and give out medications within their practices ?
what plans of the british did this attach on oneida carry set back ?
what is the name of newcastle 's first full-time community radio station ?
newcastle is home to a large population of what type of person ?
who did edward make archbishop of canterbury ?
what has replaced lower skilled workers in the united states ?
how many doctor who soundtracks have been released since 2005 ?
what is the force that causes rigid strength in structures ?
by 1544 what did luther have to deal with in his health ?
how much had westinghouse paid to tesla , brown and peck ?
who hired tesla in new york ?
what is prevenient grace ?
what does the internal cavity contain ?
what is rubisco 's flaw ?
how are air force messages delivered
early western texts referencing the east describe the people as being what ?
who was appointed genghis khan 's successor ?
in what year did the scavenger hunt begin ?
each deacon in full connection is a member of what ?
what flood impacted the meuse ?
who teaches in secondary schools ?
what is the ranking of the military forces in jacksonville ?
who kidnapped temüjin 's first wife soon after they were married ?
who is to blame for acting unjustly ?
what team did justin tucker play for ?
which successor to henry resumed persecution of the huguenots ?
in what year was the first doctor who audiobook released ?
what is a maze of membranous tubes ?
what served as a justification for imposing imperialistic policies on certain peoples or regions ?
what subtle tool can be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area ?
dimensions in time featured what prominent soap opera ?
along with electric motors , what power sources overtook steam engines in the 20th century ?
what element is found in most organic organisms ?
where was the baltimore christmas conference of 1784 held ?
what is the english translation of het scheur ?
where did jebe and subutai spend the winter following the split of the mongol army ?
which laws mentioned predate eu law ?
how many volumes does the john crerar library roughly hold ?
whose army liberated warsaw in 1806 ?
who conceptualized the piston ?
deacons serve a term of how many years as provisional deacons ?
what is another way to state the condition that infinitely many primes can exist only if a and q are coprime ?
______ in both liquid and gas form can fastly result in an exlposion .
the 4 sales and service centers are viewed as
who besides the british colonized africa ?
who was tesla influenced by while in school ?
when was a third visit to mnafeld scheduled ?
what acquired condition results in immunodeficiency in humans ?
in what battle were the mongols defeated by the tran ?
in 2009 , what did citadel communications rebrand it 's abc radio brand as ?
how many doctors were in kenya in 2011 ?
what entity did abc sell kxyz to in 1983 ?
how many times did arizona turn the ball over in the nfc championship ?
how many us presidents are alumni of the school ?
how many other important people sent letters ?
whose needs will the growth in pharmacy informatics meet ?
what kind of weapons did tesla 's treatise concern ?
who led the committee established by seaman ?
how much was bskyb going to pay for the primier league rights ?
what is another term for the string of a problem instance ?
where do plenary meetings take place ?
who disliked the affiliate program ?
where did water to the east of the amazon drainage basin flow towards ?
how is the judicial branch of the eu an important factor in the development of eu law ?
to ensure safety of future space missions oxygen was used at _____ of the normal pressure .
tumors that are able to evade the body 's immune response can become what ?
where was the kievian force that confronted subutai 's army defeated in 1223 ?
recently a more detailed model of the earth was developed . seismologists were able to create this using images of what from the interior of the earth ?
who often operates internet pharmacies ?
how far does one pharmacy in croatia date back to ?
what kind of graph is an example of an input used in a decision problem ?
in what year did the master reincarnate into a female body ?
who started the ipcc trust fund ?
who constructed newcastle 's station ?
what process attributes new wealth to those that already have it ?
approximately how many works by rodin are part of the museum collection ?
in what year was the south african schools act passed ?
what relationship with israel is sadat for ?
who decide to make a very large donation to the university 's booth school of business ?
which germans could understand the language luther used ?
what is an example of a pump component ?
what happens to waste heat in the rankine cycle ?
what type of cells engulf or eat pathogens and foreign particles ?
what is the name of the bronco 's head coach , who was hired after john fox ?
when did warsaw become the capital of the kingdom of poland ?
what do bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera have in common ?
which architect , famous for designing london 's st. paul cathedral , is represented in the riba collection ?
when did washington reach fort le boeuf ?
when rich countries trade with poor countries , whose wages increase ?
which principle is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks ?
who was the president of abc television in 1976 ?
what nationality was arthur woolf ?
iqbal worried that india 's mostly hindu population would do what to muslim heritage and culture ?
what kind of market is kenya considered ?
manning was the number one pick in which draft ?
what senate committee did singer speak to in july 2000 ?
which california venue was one of three considered for super bowl 50 ?
one strategy of islamization is to seize power by what methods ?
how much does petroleum account for of the national import bill ?
what does ctenophore use to capture prey ?
how many incarnations can a time lord have ?
harvard - yale regatta predates " the game " by how many years ?
when did astor provide the money ?
who was this season 's nfl mvp ?
europe first colonized the americas , then asia , but what continent was third ?
where did jebe die ?
how is circuit switching allocated
what type of electric current is needed for electrolysis ?
who may teachers ignore , in order to prioritize attention ?
before which military campaign did chagatai publicly dispute jochi 's paternity ?
how many times was the panthers ' quarterback sacked ?
in what year did jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont receive a steam engine patent ?
rocks on top of a fault that are cut are always older or younger than the fault itself ?
who is known as the first keeper of fine art collection at the v & a ?
what three stadiums did the nfl decide between for the game ?
what color was the background for abc 's 1977 id sequence ?
how much gold did victoria produce in the years of 1851-1860 ?
what did tesla do in maribor for work ?
in which direction does most of the wind in fresno originate from ?
who did the churches claim had suggested expulsion of jews from germany ?
what is essential for the successful execution of a project ?
where was the first settlement in victoria ?
what did the new mass allow as regards ceremony ?
what is a growing sport in southern california ?
when did the channel 4 documentary undercover mosque air ?
what is another term for year 12 of education ?
what effect did breathing priestley 's discovered gas have on the experiment 's mouse ?
what is a connection identifier
who was the nfl commissioner in early 2012 ?
how many times did luther preach in halle in 1545 and 1546 ?
where did the black death originate ?
how are the certain costs which are difficult to avoid shared ?
what is the usual form of the government 's wealth redistribution ?
what does chlorophyll absorb ?
the rhine gorge is between koblenz and what other city ?
what does connecting different sky q boxes enable them to do ?
how do centripetal forces act in relation to vectors of velocity ?
why are n't some forms of hæmatococcus pluvialis green ?
some species of beroe have a pair of strips of adhesive cells on the stomach wall . what does it do ?
in what area of this british colony were huguenot land grants ?
what city did tesla move to in 1880 ?
where did maududi 's books place islam ?
what type of film were excerpts from the show film on ?
what was part of the aftermath of the elections in 2007 ?
what shape is oedogonium 's chloroplasts ?
in what way do idea strings transmit tesion forces ?
where does hamas originate ?
what did a 1996 study by perotti examine ?
what is the current main judicial body of the eu ?
which of tesla 's inventions was used in radio development ?
what was the presidential working party on the second university commissioned to do ?
what changes the mineral content of a rock ?
what is the republic of kenya named after ?
which gallery was redesigned in the 1990s and later improved in 2002 ?
what was the last super bowl that took place at sun life stadium in miami ?
who handled pre-game coverage on westwood one ?
which sea was oil discovered in ?
according to the text , how much money did the host committee raise ?
what molecules act as defense signals ?
what complexity class is characterized by a computational tasks and efficient algorithms ?
where were tetzel 's teachings in line with church dogma ?
why did the european nations and japan separated themselves from united states during the crisis ?
what jersey did the broncos wear for super bowl 50 ?
who built a castle in newcastle in 1080 ?
what did shrewsbury note about the plague ?
what is a genuine love of god with heart , soul and mind ?
what role in economics did the university play a major part in ?
where do plasma waves occur ?
what was there a significant minority of in warsaw ?
how many miles south of edinburgh is newcastle ?
why was the rhine regulated ?
who led the in house design studies for nasa ?
what other business district does orange county envelop outside of downtown santa ana and newport center ?
the integer factorization problem essentially seeks to determine if the value of of an input is less than what variable ?
which wireless company had exclusive streaming rights on mobile phones ?
what doctor who spin-off series was commissioned by the bbc ?
what power is available to australian private schools but generally not present in public schools ?
what did paul baran develop in the late 1950 's
how many of the network 's stations are owned-and-operated ?
what rules does the ipcc have to follow ?
what toxin induces apoptosis in the target cell ?
" an account of further discoveries in air " was published by who in 1775 ?
what part is added to the uniflow engine to resolve the issue in the counterflow cycle ?
who gave tesla 's eulogy ?
which mvp died in 2001 ?
approximately how many british oil paintings does the museum have ?
in what year did abc 's viewership end in 4th place behind the other major networks ?
what is another name for a coal supply bin ?
when die tesla turn his attention to trying to understand invisible radiant energy ?
who develped the theory of relativity ?
what did martin 's father view his entering the cloister as a waste of ?
what is a chemical secreted by tumors that suppresses the immune response ?
when did the age of imperialism begin ?
who works to get workers higher compensation ?
how many students were enrolled in public schools in victoria ?
where was the first horse racetrack located ?
what directions the local church to offer membership preparation to all people ?
for whom was the small catechism meant ?
what happened in 1901 ?
until 1987 , what stance did the muslim brotherhood in palestine take towards israel ?
luther treated jews in a like way as he treated what group ?
when will ford 's manufacturing plants close ?
how many seats does the amphitheatre at woodward park have ?
if p is ultimately proven to be equal tot np , what effect would this have on the efficiency of problems ?
what were ntl 's services rebranded as ?
what type of engines became popular for power generation after piston steam engines ?
why is the second timeline needed ?
how many years must a local pastor attend a course of study at united methodist approved seminary ?
what is an example of a controlled substance ?
what happened to the apollo program in for the rest of 1970 after the incident regarding apollo 13 ?
what type of text is the quran ?
what gas does the airline exothermic reaction produce ?
older people get less sun and produce less of what chemical via uvb radiation ?
who funds the ipcc 's secretary ?
where does the rhine make a distinctive turn to the north ?
in what year did massachusetts first require children to be educated in schools ?
when did the series of strikes happen ?
whose authority did luther 's theology oppose ?
how many years could separate outbreaks of the black death ?
what does the premier of victoria need to lead in the legislative assembly ?
what was the containment failure rate in a tobacco plant study using plastid transformation ?
how many of the six total packages available to broadcasters was setanta awarded ?
what is kenya known for ?
what is the name of the largest university press in the u.s ?
what happens when business underpays their workers ?
what was the name of the character known as the time lady ?
were the tapes able to be restored and processed without destroying historical legitimacy or did some aspects of the tapes lose legitimacy ?
what is a commonly used measurement used to determine the complexity of a computational problem ?
the academic body of the university is made up of how many professional schools ?
where are teachers recruited from ?
how many field goals did mcmanus kick in the game ?
what are the siouan-speaking tribes ?
what is another term for x-ray imaging ?
how many people would die of plague in largely populated cities ?
who led the north american huguenot colonial expedition ?
what was the name given to a section of kearney boulevard in efforts to change the areas image ?
what year was the only film version of doctor who shown ?
when was scotland invaded by william ?
within the 30 days how many digiboxes had been sold ?
in what year did lavoisier publish his work on combustion ?
what does ac stand for ?
what is qed short for ?
what was the resulting channel of the arts merger called ?
which doctor who show was the largest simulcast of a tv drama ?
what did the increase in skilled workers lead to ?
what is one factor that increases the importance of the pharmacy performing at a high level ?
which mvp honoree died in 2001 ?
where was a lab for tesla set up ?
the business allowed for private companies to do what
what was tesla 's plan to make students " bright " ?
what other event made the bbc concerned that viewers had not seen the premier of doctor who ?
who is the quarterback for the carolina panthers ?
what kind of cell did cynaobacteria enter long ago ?
what did tesla electric light & manufacturing do ?
what game show debuted on abc in 2007 as a replacement for striking programs ?
what river was there originally a bridge across in roman times ?
what radio station did the doctor who theme reach the charts on in 2011 ?
when was the cabinet-level energy department created ?
which entities have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process ?
what was tesla 's financial situation after being forced out ?
what was the memoir entitled which was submitted to the american philosophical society ?
as of february 2011 , how many numbers has goldbach 's conjecture been proven to ?
what is the name of the united kingdom operation for bskyb ?
how do some scholars view the nazi use of luther 's work ?
in what year did the norman 's invade at bannow bay ?
what is the concept of the visible and invisible church ?
president johnson issued an executive order to rename the launch operations center after whom ?
how many panthers were designated all-pro ?
where does the delta in the netherlands begin ?
who is the head coach of the broncos ?
why would one want to give a speech ?
how many interactions are all of the universal forces based on ?
what surrounds chloroplasts ?
how many piston strokes occur in an engine cycle ?
why does the rhine water fall into depths at the rheinbrech ?
when was the congregation at st. george 's founded ?
what month and day did kennedy message his vice president about the status of the program ?
when was abc1 discontinued because of low viewership ?
what kinds of growth did kublai encourage ?
what route connects fresno with the california central valley ?
which of genghis khan 's sons completed the conquest of the jin dynasty ?
how did tesla finance his work ?
what does the capabilities approach look at poverty as a form of ?
what came into force after the new constitution was herald ?
what does the geordie dialect keep of the older language which came before it ?
what percentage of scotland 's voting population failed to actually vote ?
who was kennedy 's science adviser that opposed manned spacecraft flights ?
whose ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment ?
how many homes did the alta vista tract have five years after billings & meyering acquired it ?
who had a 12-yard rush on this drive ?
what powered tesla 's high energy terminal vacuum tube ?
who has design authority over all of the digital satellite receivers that are capable of using their service ?
how many victorians are non-religious ?
what day was super bowl 50 media day switched to ?
in what decade were injectors widely used in steam engines ?
would opportunities be the same in each subject , or would they vary ?
besides baptism , what shows the future of heaven to christians ?
who did the mongols send to bukhara as administrators ?
where is the oldest pharmacy stated to be located ?
when economic inequality is smaller , more waste and pollution is ?
what does paul krugmen think has had an observable effect on inequality in the u.s. ?
the bruins belong to which college ?
what impacts gender inequality in wages ?
where can population estimates be extrapolated from ?
what is the clarity of liquid oxygen ?
when did the merger between abc and capital cities gain federal approval ?
what may a charter school require that their teachers meet the standards to be highly qualified by ?
what is the number of constituency msps ?
who developed the 2007 imaging campaign for abc ?
down to how many laws did tesla believe the fundamental laws could be reduced ?
what did mote think the yuan class system really represented ?
which super bowl halftime show did beyoncé headline ?
how many schools of medicine were recognized in china ?
what is the last name of the player who bumped the ball away from manning in the fourth quarter of super bowl 50 ?
what other locations can the booth school of business be found ?
which species moves by a darting motion ?
why do land plants have more and smaller chloroplasts ?
what was thought to decide a person 's behavior ?
what is grown in the fertile highlands ?
what day of the week does the time for reflection take place ?
when was the joint statement on climate change issued ?
what is formed when a phagosome fuses with a lysosome ?
what did luther need to do to avoid excommunication ?
in what year did abc resume its television relationship with disney ?
what is the exam at the end of form four ?
where was dyrrachium located ?
what was brisbane 's job ?
what was the ratio of men to women at harvard/radcliffe ?
of what does the covalent double bond result from ?
who was the 4th to rule the yuan dynasty ?
how many first downs did the broncos have in super bowl 50 ?
which of luther 's hymn was the main one for advent ?
how old was toghun temur when he became emperor ?
according to the aaa , what is the percentage of the gas stations that ran out of gasoline ?
what does packet switching contrast with
what administrative division did kublai leave unmodified ?
of what mathematical nature is the basel problem ?
what doctrine did the doctrine of the principles of geology successfully promote ?
how is worst-case time complexity written as an expression ?
how many species of bird and mammals are there in the amazon region ?
how much does 17.7 % of the population live on a day ?
what satellite enabled sky digital to launch an all new digital service ?
where was genghis khan likely born ?
when did the european anti-fraud office investigate john dalli ?
when did this leader publish a french language bible ?
what needs to be made to ensure poorer members of society can participate in economic growth ?
warsaw 's sidewalks and sanitation facilities are some examples of things which have what ?
what is the common term for the loss of key members of french society to huguenot emigration ?
who was the first huguenot to arrive at the cape of good hope ?
when did europe slowly begin to warm up from the last ice age ?
what did guo shoujing do for calendars ?
what months out of the year is woodward park open ?
in what year did tesla 's father die ?
where did the monks flee to ?
what did biraben say about the plague in europe ?
when was the riemann hypothesis proposed ?
why is the seating of the debating chamber arranged as it is ?
what year marked the lowest ratings for the drama lost ?
what is distribution of income from labor due to the differences of ?
how many miles does the dust travels over the atlantic ocean ?
who is the mayor of san francisco ?
when was st. john 's cathedral constructed ?
what was persistent unemployment have a negative effect on ?
in what form is oxygen transported in smaller containers ?
when b cells and t cells begin to replicate , what do some of their offspring cells become ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the university 's professional schools ?
who in warsaw has the power of legislative action ?
how much of the water flow does the waal get from the rhine ?
how many khitan tumens were there ?
who is the president of tumas ?
what strains of y. pestis were found in the mass graves ?
who lives no longer on average than greeks and new zealanders ?
what interfered with kublai 's second invasion of japan ?
what do the treaties generally limit ?
what period did the rhine capture streams ?
what does the united methodist church use in the sacrament of the holy communion ?
what was tesla 's attitude toward the idea that matter could be turned into energy ?
how often is the av festival held ?
what did the particle do to tesla ?
where was tesla studying when he started playing cards and billiards ?
what relative of doctor who traveled with him in the early episodes ?
what happened to tesla 's funding once the war begun ?
how many men were in robert 's army ?
what is the name of harvard 's primary recreational sports facility ?
when did photosynthetic organisms evolve on earth ?
when did doctor who win an award for best drama series ?
what did luther contend the jews to be ?
what group of civil disobedients brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the government ?
what is a single plastoglobuli called ?
when was the imperial library directorate established ?
for which abc movie of the week film did steven spielberg first gain success ?
what type of education was assessed during this time ?
how many sons did börte bear genghis khan after jochi ?
when was sky digital launched ?
what type of measurements result under schrodinger equations when using operators instead of newtonian variables ?
what was the most notable publication of tugh 's academy ?
what did virgin media claim bskyb did that resulted virgin not carrying the channels anymore ?
what type of hermaphrodite produces egg and sperm at different times ?
what alumni wrote " the closing of the american mind " ?
to where was luther 's final journey ?
what did the merwede-oude maas form with waal and lek ?
how were some modern economic inequalities created ?
what is the rhine called in french ?
what articles state that unless conferred , powers remain with member states ?
where are the harvard medical , dental and school of public health located ?
what fields may pharmacy informatics also work in ?
who designed the scottish parliament building ?
what is incorrectly thought about the outer chloroplast membrane ?
what purpose would luther have in not wanting to ban the qur'an ?
what were many pastors unable to do ?
who experimented by rolling stones and canonballs down a steep incline ?
who was the leader when the franks entered the euphrates valley ?
which church 's saint is nicknamed the martyr ?
what is csnet
who , with jim nantz , was a member of the game 's lead broadcast team ?
what is the term for the set of all connected graphs related to this decision problem ?
how much did edison offer tesla to redesign a motor and generators ?
what is the vast disparities in wealth attributed to by socialists ?
how much money did a 1/2 minute commercial cost ?
when did japan release a statement to tell israelis to withdraw from the palestine ?
what does the riemann hypothesis state the source of irregularity in the distribution of points comes from ?
what city , along with hamilton , wellington and christchurch , is one of the largest in new zealand ?
name a text that might be used by a religious teacher to teach .
what is the name of the latest epoch ?
what injury did thomas davis suffer from repeatedly , for a total of three times , during his career ?
what else contributes to jacksonville 's summer storms other than land heating beside the water ?
what are two examples of measurements are bound within algorithms to establish complexity classes ?
how are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions ?
when was the british east india company established ?
who was rca president in 1942 ?
what is the average age of people who live in newcastle ?
having existing utility lines marked lessens the likelihood of what ?
the redesigned central garden opened in 2005 with what new moniker ?
on what date did the first railway trip in the world occur ?
by what name is that first huguenot church known today ?
how many residential dorms house upper class , sophomore , jr , and sr students ?
what are the independant components of a vector sum that has been determined by scalar addition of individual vectors ?
what was the last game that elway played as a quarterback for denver ?
what are the skin cells that can be transformed into tumors known as ?
what are we unsure of about how chloroplasts make methionine precursors ?
what was his belief as to what nature was supposed to be ?
who painted the retable of st. george that is in the v & a collection ?
what kind of programs can be credited for abc 's success in the late 1950s ?
what does the word prime generally suggest ?
which building was the nfl experience held at for super bowl 50 ?
in what year did warszowa become the official capital of the masovian duchy ?
in what year did tesla die ?
on what date was super bowl 50 given to levi 's stadium ?
on which corner is the shopping center located ?
when was the european portion of the seven years war complete ?
what is the name of an algebraic structure in which addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined ?
what other invention of tesla 's did westinghouse license ?
what are some supplementary sources of european union law ?
what is the record number of touchdowns cam newton has had ?
how long since it 's been that geoglyphs were first discovered on deforested land ?
in what language were the classes given ?
what type of punishment is sometimes offered to civil disobedients ?
what is n't economic growth sufficient for progress on ?
the idea of acquired immunity in jawed vertebrates is the basis of what medical treatment ?
when were the talks held for braodcast right to the primier league for a five year period from the 1992 season ?
what 's the regional nickname for newcastle and its surrounding area ?
the region spans starting at islands found in which body of water ?
agassiz 's approach to science combined observation and what ?
what made emigration to these colonies attractive ?
how is the plaster replica of verrocchio 's david displayed in the cast courts ?
activation of a helper t cell causes it to release what chemicals that influence cell activity ?
how many miles , once completed , will the the lewis s. eaton trail cover ?
what river separates jacksonville ?
between which two streets along kearney boulevard were wealthy african-americans at one time residing ?
tribal members living in the rainforests of what region are using google earth ?
how many square miles large was the region impacted by the 2010 drought ?
where would the launch operations center be located , as more land was needed for a bigger rocket ?
when was free primary school introduced ?
who did warsaw serve as the seat for in 1529 ?
what did tesla accidentally cause ?
which oil producer is a close ally of the united states ?
who is the founder of the salvation army ?
what year did king sigismund iii vasa move his court to warsaw ?
how did the kikuyu people live ?
do adults or juveniles secretions luminesce brighter ?
what year was the maastricht treaty signed ?
what did tesla write ?
what did the reforms cause ?
according to the nobel foundation what has to happen before someone can decline a prize ?
what type of impact can the residents of newcastle expect the city 's noise to have on them ?
which channel did the 5 applications request for broadcast ?
how was the school able to bring aboard the best talented students ?
how many societal class divisions were in the plan kublai rejected ?
who had toghtogha tried to defeat ?
what does luther write that this life does n't have ?
how many costumes were in the costiff collection ?
in which case did the court of justice review swedish bans on advertising to young children under 12 ?
under what treaty can the european commission take action against member states ?
what local radio station is broadcast by the corporation from the pink palace ?
was the bubonic plague spread faster or slower than modern bubonic plague ?
how many electorates does the state of victoria have ?
which courts have a duty to interpret domestic law as far as possible ?
where did a bloody civil war break out ?
which newspaper defined southern california ?
where are the gonads located ?
what department store is thought to be the first in the world ?
what is the english translation of kunskapsskolan ?
what separates the neuroimmune system and peripheral immune system in humans ?
what year did the storm hit richard 's fleet ?
what industry has managed to survive major military spending cutbacks ?
what is the basic unit of territorial division in poland ?
teacher 's colleges certify , govern and enforce what for teachers ?
what recent decade saw brightening of the perception of genghis khan in mongolia ?
the speed of the killing response of the human immune system is a product of what process ?
what type of compounds such as acetone , contain oxygen ?
when did they raise the price of oil to $ 5.11 ?
from which countries did the norse originate ?
who reported on the sideline for espn deportes ?
what is a common punishment in the uk and ireland ?
what has started to change the way teachers teach in the classroom , generally ?
by how much did labour lead lain gray retain east lothian ?
what did tesla spend astor 's money on ?
how much larger would cicada predator populations be if cicada outbreaks occurred at 14 and 15 year intervals ?
were tesla 's experiments high-voltage or low-voltage ?
at what university is bellomy field located ?
what changes macroscopic closed system energies ?
what is the title of edwards book about luther ?
which pharmacists are likely to seek additional education following pharmacy school ?
who has limited productive potential when faced with less access to education ?
how many of the scottish electorate would need to for it on the referendum ?
how many of the following three fourth quarter drives after the field goal makng the score 16-10 ended in punts ?
what was done to the trajan 's column replica to fit it under the ceiling ?
what spacecraft was tested in two vacuum chambers to simulate atmospheric pressure ?
what is the other country the rhine separates switzerland to ?
what name was given to the plot to usurp power from the french house of guise ?
what is gravitational acceleration proportional to ?
how many members make up the judicial council ?
in what year did " the eleventh hour " play ?
how are incomes distributed in sweden ?
where does the nederrijn change it 's name ?
when are inequalities in wealth justified , according to john rawls ?
how can the deposition of compliment kill invader cells directly ?
when was luther 's 95 theses translated into german ?
what was the ultimate development of the horizontal engine ?
who designed the plaster work in the art library ?
what planet did the reporters decide the signals were from ?
between what dates was the building on pilgrim street refurbished ?
what are malum prohibitum considerations ?
how long does the members debate last ?
after 2007 how much do student from families earning less than $ 60,000 pay for school ?
in what year was the apollo program announced ?
how many granal thylakoids are usually in each granum ?
what type of animal did onlookers claim was piloting the boat ?
how many mechanisms does a typical steam engine have to keep boiler pressure from getting too high ?
who else did luther use violent rhetoric towards ?
what is commonly believed to be the value relationship between p and co-np
what can people work towards if they are n't denied their functionings , capabilities and agency ?
what planet did astrophysisist predict to explain the problems with mercury ?
what was telenet
who ran the ball twice for 20 yards on this drive ?
who took up the path of violence ?
what is th elast name of the player who was the super bowl 50 winner 's leading rusher ?
where are the specialized cells that eliminate cells that recognize self-antigens located ?
given the strength of french forces at louisbourg , what did loudoun do ?
what ends at this bend in the rhine ?
lake constance separates the german state bavaria from what other one ?
what video game series did alex seropian make ?
what building was a gift from the soviet union ?
how was sadat rewarded by the islamists for his attempts to bring egypt into modern times and civilization ?
who asserted russia 's right to " self-determination ? "
what words are inscribed on the mace of parliament ?
what was the name of the first doctor who story released as an lp ?
how many followers does the presbyterian church of east africa have ?
what museum specializes in cultural history and civilizations of the western hemisphere ?
what did the second stage in the saturn v end up doing ?
what sort of system releases the exhaust steam into the atmosphere ?
what year did doctor who win a peabody award ?
which of genghis khan 's ambassadors did the shah have beheaded ?
where did the broncos stay at for super bowl 50 ?
a mermaid stopped to rest on the sandy beach by what village ?
what was abc 's logo based on after the abc-upt merger was finalized ?
what organization offers monetary awards for identifying primes with at least 100 million digits ?
how many tons of live plants were found to live in one square kilometer of the amazon rainforest in 1999 ?
who hosts the weeknight talk show featured on abc networks ?
what actor did sign language for the national anthem at superbowl 50 ?
what might the government require a teacher have before being allowed to teach ?
for which doctor did keff mcculloch provide the theme ?
what did maududi believe muslim society could not be islamic in the absence of ?
when was the tower theatre built ?
what did tesla mistakenly believe x-rays were ?
why should someone not commit a crime when they are protesting ?
when did operation anvil open ?
what do increased greenhouse gases cause ?
what shape is the water feature in the john madejski garden ?
a reaction against industrialiazation contributed to the development of what artistic movement in the late 19th century
how much did tesla weigh ?
what does the time element in construction mean ?
when did bskyb end their analogue service ?
what was the premise of woodrow wilson 's inquiry ?
where did iroquois confederation control ?
what publication did philip howard work for ?
which fort was rebuilt in 1964 ?
how many days did the warsaw uprising last ?
what is the royal castle the most interesting example of ?
what abc station in south bend , indiana maintains digital simulcasts on a subchannel ?
why is the collection dominated by fashionable clothes made for special occasions ?
what part do events in victoria 's economy play ?
how were the men who did tasks like those of today 's pharmacists viewed in japan in the asuka and nara periods ?
what does paramylon store ?
the university was a founding force behind what conference ?
what is the process by which pathogens evade the immune system by hiding inside the host cells called ?
who intercepted a manning pass , giving the ball back to the panthers ?
what happened to the dynamos in the power station ?
what is the hypersensitive response of a plant immune system ?
in what year was the university 's 5th president granted his position ?
what shape is chlamydomonas 's chloroplasts ?
what can be combined with geophysical data to produce a better view of the subsurface ?
when was zia-ul-haq killed ?
evidence indicates that cydippids are not what ?
what kind of missions are the armed forces regularly deployed for ?
what are some proposals to connect campuses ?
how long has proportionality been recognized as one of the general principles of eu law ?
in what year was the alan turing 's definitional model of a computing device received ?
how many kenyans are living below the poverty level ?
what percentage of american households did abc reach in march 2015 ?
which comedian did a parody where a dalek appears ?
who was rewarded with building the csm ?
who took control of edison 's company .
how much does a probationer earn , initially ?
how many representatives does each electorate have ?
when did the colonization of india occur ?
who was the director of the american geographical society in 1914 ?
how many protestants live in france today ?
motion pictures , petroleum and aircraft manufacturing have been major industries since which decade ?
from what mission and onward were the dsms awarded ?
in what year did harvard end its early admission program ?
who won the competition to get a free super bowl commercial aired ?
what field involves the study of the immune system ?
what enemy of doctor who is also a time lord ?
why did the demand for rentals decrease ?
before the formation of which planet , did sol lose oxygen 16 ?
a non-deterministic turing machine has the ability to capture what facet of useful analysis ?
what type of process is the oxygen cycle ?
what would mongol armies divert in order to cut off the resources of cities they were attacking ?
why do people chose civil disobedience to protest ?
what was diverted and now flows parallel to the rhine ?
the v & a has the world 's most comprehensive collection of sculptures from which period ?
what cancer researchers were also apart of the university 's faculty ?
which authority figure is designated to schedule and set the work of the eu ?
where is galaxy public school located ?
what was the soviet union trying to suppress with its army ?
in what year did a tropical storm cause a four day loss of power to jacksonville ?
what hypothesis is associated with the complexity class of p viewed as a mathematical abstraction with efficient algorithmic functionality ?
how do members vote when there is a division ?
in what year was the joe and rika mansueto library constructed ?
what government agency supervised buddhist monks ?
what was the name of the rock found during the apollo 15 mission that kreep was discovered in ?
according to wilson 's theorem , what factorial must be divisible by n if some integer n > 4 is to be considered composite ?
how many fumbles did von miller force ?
how many possible bids for the prize were there in 1915 ?
what social construct did huguenot refugees in canterbury practice ?
what does vbns stand for
what group started peace meetings ?
some non-british works in the british galleries were imported from which continent ?
what portion of luther 's last statement was in german ?
why did warsaw become the capital of the commonwealth ?
by justification certain racial and geographical theories , europe thought of itself as what ?
what is kenya the home of ?
what type of venue is the teatr wielki ?
these project structures allow the owner to integrate the services of who throughout the design and construction ?
who purhcased the remaining 4 pacakages available to broadcasters ?
how many intercollegiate sports does harvard compete in ncaa division i
what other northern european cities had huguenot congregations ?
who was the main crew of apollo 1 , of which they named themselves ?
who was emma 's brother ?
where was france 's huguenot population largely centered ?
what is the mace displayed in ?
when does doctor who transition to a new body ?
what republic has maintained its control of iran ?
how was religion handled in the mongol empire ?
where are jersey and guernsey
what condition what must be satisfied in order for 1/p to be expressed in base q instead of base 10 and still have a period of p - 1 ?
what year did slayton select the first apollo crew ?
in 2005 , approximately how many congregations were in the umc ?
what famous civil rights leader called harvard home ?
which country besides the cuba did the united states try to annex in 1898 ?
why did toghun temur dismiss toghtogha ?
who may also submit private bills to parliament ?
since what year did the university offer a doctorate in music composition ?
in what country does some clergy in the umc occasionally practice exorcism ?
the legislative body , the council , are made up of what type of individuals ?
what was the name given to the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum ?
how old was newton in super bowl 50 ?
the issues of what era did tesla 's article talk about ?
what did virgin media concentrate on instead of offering linear channels ?
how many different tv networks are considered to be the principal partners , when it comes to broadcasting nfl events ?
who wrote the book " capital in the twenty-first century " ?
who licensed tesla 's induction motor ?
in the 2009 commission v italy , case , the court of justice held that an italian low prohibiting what infringed article 34 ?
when did dyrrachium fall to the normans ?
how many receptors on a helper t cell must be bound to a mhc : antigen complex in order for the cell to be activated ?
who was frédéric chopin ?
what type of fault boundary is defined by having widespread powerful earthquakes , as in the state of california ?
when was the divestment from south africa movement ?
which group has young that are born with no tentacles and a large mouth ?
what marine engines were less efficient than steam turbines ?
after archbishop albrecht reviewed the theses , where did he send them ?
when did it retract to a inland formation ?
how many seats did the snp take from the liberal democrats ?
who was replaced by kubiak in super bowl xxiv ?
who might be responsible for student discipline ?
what should the punishment rely on instead in a just society ?
how many muslims are in greater london ?
what was abc 's viewership share in 1993 ?
what did the uk parliment hear that a subscription to bskyb was ?
what test is especially useful for numbers of the form 2p - 1 ?
since he did n't believe that salvation was acquired through good deeds , how was it achieved ?
how often do parliament elections take place ?
what was the name of the first doctor who radio drama ?
of what hollywood film company was upt a subsidiary of when it merged with abc ?
whatare the electrostatic and magnetic force awritten as the sum of ?
where does southern california 's megalopolis standard in terms of population nationwide ?
what is an example of major civil disobedience in south africa ?
who did president kibaki run against ?
what is usually the goal of taking a plea bargain ?
against what country was kennedy promising superiority over ?
what was the main idea of james hutton 's paper ?
how much did westinghouse pay for tesla 's patents in order to escape its financial problems ?
how many natural reserves are in warsaw ?
in the most basic sense what did a turing machine emulate ?
on what game console was the cbs sports app available ?
what does the electrolysis of water produce ?
despite being traditionall described as " eight counties " , how many counties does this region actually have ?
after 1945 , what challenged the french empire ?
who influenced bismark besides his neighbors ?
first published by sir charles lyell in 1830 this book was called what ?
which team had the best regular season in their history ?
why were the 2011 special reports issued ?
which theory justifies imperialism in part ?
in what year was wisconsin v. yoder decided at the supreme court ?
what new component was found in certain rocks from the moon ?
what night did abc move ugly betty to in an attempt to boost the series ratings ?
an important shaman was alleged to be trying to distance genghis khan from which of his brothers ?
what occurs when traveling across a surface at a constant velocity with regard to friction ?
which park hosts the largest civil war reenactment on the west coast ?
there is criticism that the energy policies are expensive quick fixes that ignore which facts ?
how many plant species are of interest to society and manufacturers exist in the amazon rainforest ?
what did the soviets intend to use in spacecraft after the success of zond 5 ?
what is the oncorhynchus also called ?
who provided a philosophical discussion of force ?
how many different species of ctenohore are there ?
what impact did the high school education movement have on the presence of skilled workers ?
why might customers order from internet pharmacies ?
how long is one term for an elected president of the cjeu ?
who did peyton manning play for as a rookie ?
how many pro bowlers were on the panthers offense ?
when was the debut of the 1983 special called the five doctors ?
besides taking in boarders , how did katharina help support the family ?
who got a 61-yard return when players thought he called for a fair catch but did not ?
which park is home to the kearney mansion ?
what makes static friction go up or down in responce to contact characteristics between an object and the surface it is on ?
what was the number of times the denver broncos played in a super bowl by the time they reached super bowl 50 ?
how many yards did the carolina panthers gain in the 487 in the nfc championship game ?
how fast is pharmacy informatics growing ?
in what dynasty did tianze live ?
what country is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region ?
what did temüjin promise his followers in exchange for their obedience ?
the rhine forms an inland delta into which lake ?
upon what chemical characteristic is oxygen 's solubility dependent ?
why did the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences ?
who was the most frequent musical contributor to doctor who in the first 15 years of the show ?
who is methodism 's revered founder ?
in which year did the sackler center open ?
how many pieces of legislation has the social charter become the basis for ?
why is the need for acceptance of punishment needed ?
where were british defeated in canada ?
what is the name given to the university 's main library ?
what two member nations of the holy roman empire received huguenot refugees ?
who is the english translator of this hymn ?
how much did the milton friedman institute roughly cost ?
what did martin luther believe achieved god 's grace ?
when did kublai move the mongol capital ?
other than the automobile club of southern california , what other aaa auto club chose to simplify the divide ?
who will be the new executive producer of doctor who in 2018 ?
which episode was matt smith 's final one as doctor who ?
what had the number of people living in warsaw declined to by 1945 ?
how many apollo missions were manned by the previous mercury and gemini veterans ?
how many votes in total does the council have ?
to what is singlet oxygen more reactive ?
where do apicomplexans store energy ?
who stated he wanted israel to vanish ?
each of the extended metropolitan areas has a population that exceeds what number ?
what offers a conceptual definition of force ?
what famous english physicist and mathematician was depicted in the main bronze door entrance of the museum ?
what portion of bird species make up the world 's total live in the rainforest ?
what effect does rubisco 's flaw have ?
what do power station steam turbines use as a cold sink in the absence of chp ?
where was wardenclyffe located ?
who do gurus control ?
who announced she would step down as leader of the conservatives ?
what year was the university of warsaw established ?
what was tesla afraid someone was trying to do with his invention ?
in which middle eastern country is genghis khan 's title a popular name for male children ?
what is the name of the port city that was created ?
what is the repulsive force of close range atom interaction ?
what two railroads have railyards in the city of fresno ?
when did tesla patent the motor ?
when was 7 lincoln square completed ?
who designs both the " 50 " as well as the trophy ?
in what year did a doctor first become nominated for a best actor award ?
what is the prize offered for finding a solution to p=np ?
what was the goal of the grand coalition ?
what is included in medication therapy management ?
aside from being located on the coast , what contributes to jacksonville 's lack of cold weather ?
where did jebe 's division of genghis khan 's army campaign in khwarezmia ?
what was the catalyst that created greater interest in renewable resources ?
who was the final prime minister of east germany ?
how long ago did oxygen reach 10 % of its present level ?
post 2008 undergraduate students are required to complete how many general education classes towards degree ?
how much did tesla say edison offered him to redesign his motor and generators ?
which current type was tesla in favor of ?
what is an example of a steam-powered automobile ?
what is the medieval esteve pharmacy used as at present ?
what did philo incorrectly assume that the air became ?
what region of china is hebei part of ?
what body of water sat to the west of the mongol empire when genghis khan died ?
why have newcastle and gateshead linked together under a common banner ?
what did he do to his feet at night ?
in which year was the musical instruments gallery closed ?
many construction companies are now placing more emphasis on what ?
if the tops of the rock units within the folds remain pointing upwards , they are called what ?
in what year did the university first see a drop in applications ?
along with english and mathematics , what subject replaced values education for fourth year students ?
what areas did genghis khan control at the end of his life ?
what sea bordered genghis khan 's empire to the east when he died ?
what is retrograde signaling ?
who took command of french in spring of 1753 ?
how do students learn about the church ?
what magazine criticized abc 's programming strategy in may 1961 ?
what type of approaches for primary school are available that are different than the norm ?
what do supporters of islamism believe their views reflect ?
what day was tesla 's funeral ?
what is located within this district ?
what famous author used similarity and likeness of percy shelly in his writing ?
how many times has a super bowl taken place at miami 's sun life stadium ?
what type of architecture is the palace of four windows an impressive example of ?
what is the height of the section that turns north ?
what was the protest in antigone about ?
what are bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts compliant with ?
what is the name of the country 's longest continuously running student film society ?
during which years was the plague present in islamic countries ?
in 1979 , during the oil crisis , what was the highest price of oil ?
the entrepreneurs josiah wedgwood , matthew boulton and eleanor coade were influenced by what manufacturing process developed during the industrial revolution ?
where do platycenida live ?
what kind of membrane do primary chloroplasts have ?
what plant cells have chloroplasts in them ?
what town is surrounded by jacksonville ?
what makes the tentilla of euplokamis different from other cysippids ?
what did the v & a present in july 1973 as part of its youth outreach programme ?
what was peyton manning 's passer rating for the season ?
what are two basic primary resources used to guage complexity ?
haeckelia prey mostly on what animal ?
when did a plague-ridden ship land in norway ?
what must be passed using democratic means by the entire school community ?
what was developed from watt 's measurements on a model steam engine ?
how fast were the winds around st. augustine in the 1964 hurricane ?
what is the name of the holding company for bskyb ?
in what year did tesla demonstrate his alternating current system ?
in what year did william maclure begin the process of creating the first geological map of the u.s. ?
according to the princeton review where has harvard ranked as a " dream college " in 2013
how many times have the panthers been in the super bowl ?
what president eliminated the christian position in the curriculum ?
what does a t cell extend when it encounters a foreign pathogen ?
what investment firm offered to buy the nbc blue network from mark woods ?
what is the only divisor besides 1 that a prime number can have ?
what did this hymn presage ?
during which era did the aztec and incan empires thrive ?
who will carry the game throughout all of north america ?
why do the island archipelagos comprise a smaller number of electors ?
what did a 1530 royal act restrict shipments of ?
when did the kmj-tv first broadcast ?
what is the general term used to describe the output to any given input in a problem instance ?
in private schools , what language are classes taught in ?
how did tesla know he was being struck by the particle ?
when do plastoglobuli occur in linked groups ?
who runs a service out of newcastle 's international ferry terminal ?
what is the average weight of the biomass per hectare in the amazon ?
in what city is the last huguenot congregation in the us ?
what development did luther 's hymns translations influence ?
when was operation market garden ?
what crime drama debuted on abc in september 1994 ?
the v & a library 's collection of illuminated manuscripts are dated to which centuries ?
sophocles demonstrated civil disobedience in a play that was called ?
who spoke to luther about his books on behalf of the empire ?
what network was converted into an independent subsidiary by rca in 1942 ?
in what year was same-sex marriage legalized nationwide ?
what part of the earth is composed of mostly of silicates of iron and magnesium ?
who designed the iron gates that decorate the new entrance building ?
sky movies and sky box office also include what optional soundtracks ?
who did the super bowl 50 national anthem ?
what were the first local stations to offer streams of their programming on watch abc ?
where have the first episodes of doctor who always appeared ?
why do some people chose to go to jail for their disobedience ?
what did the nfl do to the playing field at levi 's stadium before the super bowl ?
when were some of luther 's best-known works published ?
when was the final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly passed ?
how did luther describe the mass that was viewed as sacrifice ?
fossils found that were believed to be ctenophores were how old ?
what characteristic of oxygen makes it necessary to life ?
what led to newcastle 's fall from power as military advisor ?
what was ronnie hillman 's average yards per carry in 2015 ?
what engines were used throughout most of the 20th century to propel ships ?
what type of teacher is required in the western europe model of discipline ?
what year did bskyb and virgin media have a dispute over the carriage of sky channels on cable tv ?
what radio station do the students of newcastle 's two universities run ?
imperialism is most often associated with which sovereignty ?
what was the proportion of huguenots to catholics at their peak ?
when was most of sunnside developed ?
what jewish practice did the yuan ban ?
what is the first line of defense against pathogens that prevents them from entering an organism ?
who normally instructs members how to vote ?
what process do moderate and reformist islamists work within the boundaries of ?
what was the name of the marco polo episode ?
how many students does the university of chicago have enlisted ?
what gender is less willing to travel or relocate for work ?
when was al-nimeiry overthrown ?
when did abc announce the restructure of abc radio ?
what makes the wells fargo center stand out ?
what is the name of the largest indoor shopping centre in europe ?
what was the italian title of polo 's book ?
what is the largest co-ed independent school in newcastle ?
in what time frame did tesla weigh almost exactly the same amount ?
what is the population of the second largest city in california ?
who can decide on legal matters in islam ?
what newcastle road heads west to carlisle ?
why did tesla go to karlovac ?
in which case was it held that the provisions of the treaties are directly effective if they are clear , unconditional , and do n't require further action by eu or national authorities ?
when were competition rules included in the treaty of rome ?
who did the broncos tie with the most sacks in a super bowl ?
how many bus companies provide service to the city of newcastle ?
in the encoding of mathematical objects , what is the way in which integers are commonly expressed ?
anarchists do not want to accept punishment for what reason ?
the maroons are apart of what association ?
who had military control during the yuan ?
where do cicadas spend the majority of their lives ?
how wide is the upper rhine plain ?
how old was john elway when he played in super bowl xxxiii ?
who did tesla work for in the 1880s ?
what do scholars agree on about the posting on the door story ?
what did the taliban want to subject the entire country to ?
what kinds of sciences were social darwinism and theories of race ?
which museum would receive items on loans from the musical instruments gallery ?
in what years did spain and portugal join the european union ?
who took control of qara khitai after fleeing temüjin 's mongol empire ?
which party is currently the largest among political party lines ?
what is a mechanism that can help plants block virus replication ?
how many people attended the funeral ?
who matters the most for economic growth ?
approximately how many textiles comprise the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art ?
how did the united states plan to subdue imperialistic tendencies ?
who originally hosted the syndicated version of who wants to be a millionaire ?
why was cbs unable to broadcast the coronation of queen elizabeth ii ?
residential construction practices , technologies , and resources must conform to what ?
what is the process of turning co2 into organic molecules called ?
in what area did the 1996 television film premier ?
besides leibniz , what other mathematician proved the validity of fermat 's little theorem ?
how many times did the denver defense force newton into turnovers ?
what are the molecular inputs for photosynthesis ?
who deployed its army into afghanistan in 1979 ?
what city has the biggest port in germany ?
who ordered the stern review ?
what artist provided the woodcuts for luther 's bible ?
what other moniker was genghis khan 's general jebe known by ?
what two areas in the republic were first to grant rights to the huguenots ?
how many protein-encoding genes are there in chromatophore dna ?
how much turbine power is consumed by the pump while the work fluid is condensed ?
what distinguishes stromal thylakoids ?
in june 1884 , where did tesla relocate ?
melatonin during sleep can actively counteract the production of what ?
what aaron sorkin created show did abc debut in 1998 ?
what was the average household size ?
what are teachers considered to be in germany ?
what are chloroplasts descended from ?
where does khomeini 's beliefs fall as compared to mawdudi and qutb ?
what do all but one platycenida species lack ?
what was report p-2626
when did michael eisner first join abc ?
who criticised the security bill ?
at what rate is orange county developing its business centers ?
what do tribes use google earth and gps for ?
which army attacked and destroyed this colony ?
the practice of occupying and looting huguenot homes was called ?
what division offers more then one branch of studies that do n't fit in with the other four ?
what was the topic of the error ?
who may not require that its teachers be certified ?
what were the reasons why residents moved to the town of fresno station ?
which shaman 's proclamation aided temüjin 's rise ?
what denver player had 109 tackels for the 2015 season ?
in which case did the court of justice state that refusal to admit a lawyer to the belgian bar because he did not have belgian heritage was n't able to be justified ?
what group is newcastle native andy taylor the former lead guitarist of ?
what song did coldplay and beyoncé collaborate on for the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
who was robert 's son ?
which station started showing doctor who after the sf channel closed ?
in what type of water does oxygen dissolve more slowly ?
what tribe did toghrul lead ?
what european event caused the huguenots to abandon charlesfort ?
when was nikola tesla born ?
name one way the plowshares organization temporarily close gcsb waihopai ?
why are coastal species tough ?
what religion is the western region mostly ?
who killed begter , temüjin 's half-brother ?
what did aristotle refer to forced motion as ?
how many times has doctor who won the hugo for best dramatic presentation ?
what was abc 's revenue in 1962 ?
what is the chemical that mediates type 1 hypersensitivity ?
what plateau has groups of clay pits ?
what was the name of the single that coldplay and beyoncé collaborated on ?
what is the mineral wustite ?
what commission was censured in 1999 , and paved the way for commissioners to abuse their power ?
what is the highest reference hospital in all of poland ?
in addition to the traveling salesman problem , what is another example of a function problem ?
what was the jacksonville fire later known as ?
who was responsible for the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine in the main gallery ?
what was the episode name of simpson 's first doctor who score ?
why was tanaghrisson supporting british efforts ?
on what date did espn deportes announce their deal with cbs and the nfl ?
when were the financial interest and syndication rules repealed ?
where are a bulk of factories concentrated along the rhine ?
what theatre was the best example of " polish monumental theatre " ?
what continent are the canarian islands off the coast of ?
what year did thompsons indicate mt kenya ?
jochi 's death occurred in what year ?
what does a 2013 report on nigeria suggest it 's growth has done ?
what " war " was tesla involved in ?
where is the rhine bridge ?
the umc teaches that pornography is about what ?
who established the amount of prime numbers in existence ?
what type of missions were approved by mueller after the incident ?
when did john wesley provide a revised version of the book of common prayer ?
who discovered the compton effect ?
how many major immune responses do plants have ?
who was the # 2 pick in the 2011 nfl draft ?
how many weeks each year does the food and drink festival run ?
what is set aside for question periods in the debating chamber ?
what day was the super bowl played on ?
what day of the week was media day held on for super bowl 50 ?
which border does the megaregion extend over ?
what were mohammedanism and the turk ?
what portion of households in jacksonville have only one person ?
where can one find the formerly huguenot farms in south africa ?
what have studies on income inequality sometimes found evidence confirming ?
messiaen says that composition with prime numbers was inspired by what ?
when did the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church ?
what denomination is associated with saint kentigern college ?
when was the " dalekmania " period ?
who became king in 1643 ?
what does the inability to separate islam from islamism lead many in the west to support ?
when do bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera excrete secretions ?
which of the three heavily populated areas has the least number of inhabitants ?
what type of living does cycling promote ?
how many membranes does the haptophyte chloroplast have ?
in what year did edmond 's characterize a " good " algorithm ?
what tv station showed the broadcasts of the original doctor who series ?
what drama from aaron spelling debuted on abc in the 80s ?
approximately how many drawings of the italian architect andrea palladio is in the riba collection ?
about how much did a new york city day school cost annually in 2012 ?
what health company was a super bowl sponsor ?
what cellular carrier had the only contract for the super bowl to be shown on smartphones ?
in what year was a program study done on the modules labeled as block i and block ii ?
what do clinical pharmacists often participate in ?
what amendment to the united states constitution governs government funding of religious schools ?
when was the 8-4-4 system launched ?
what was the english name of gou 's calendar ?
what happens to the gdp growth of a country if the income share of the top 20 percent increases , according to imf staff economists ?
what working fluid is used in a mercury vapor turbine ?
what does mark u. edwards claim as a possible cause of luther 's antisemitism ?
luther went to bed quoting what scripture ?
what title was given to genghis khan posthumously ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the college ?
what does the water flow of the rhine merge with after flowing through merwede ?
what type of musical instruments did the yuan bring to china ?
when did zhu publish 'jade mirror of the four unknowns ' ?
when was the main gallery of the v & a 's ceramics and glass collection redesigned ?
who ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world ?
what sort of design was this motor ?
how many frenchman won battle of carillon ?
what was galileo ferraris ?
what was the final score of the game between the broncos and steelers ?
what does ctenophora use for digestion and respiration ?
which company owns abc ?
what was the yuan 's persian ally ?
what type of practices did the yuan reintroduce in government ?
what did luther expound happened to souls after death ?
who is the costa rican president that went to harvard ?
when was the first direct elections for native kenyans ?
what profession does simon kuznets have ?
when did the 1973 oil crisis begin ?
what are incompetent government 's commitment to social justice limited to ?
who decides who gets to address the members of parliament to share their thoughts on issues of faith ?
tibetan art from which period is represented in the v & a collection ?
what halftime performer previously headlined super bowl xlviii ?
what did he do with wardenclyffe ?
what schools do preparatory schools prepare british children to attend ?
what does co-teaching get the students to focus on ?
how many touchdowns did brock osweiler throw in the season ?
who did duke yansheng kong duanyou flee with ?
how tall was the tower 's ultimate height ?
who is elected at the beginning of each term ?
pattern recognition receptors recognize components present in broad groups of what ?
what brand sponsored the " crash the super bowl " contest ?
what are some of the accepted general principles of european union law ?
what geometric shape is used in equations to determine net force ?
what country showed all three episodes of silver nemesis before the bbc did ?
what insight of galileo was associated with constant velocity ?
when does the largest traveling fair in europe take place ?
what year did the league begin having schedules with 16 games in them ?
what leader of the swiss reformation was a student of lefevre ?
what is a common punishment in singapore ?
what was the purpose of loudoun 's troops at fort henry ?
what alumni was also an attorney general and a federal judge ?
what chloroplast structure is similar to the inner mitochondria membrane ?
what is used to estimate emissions ?
how many sororities are apart of the university ?
who is the hero who killed a dragon on the drachenfels ?
when did oil finally returned to its bretton woods levels ?
in what process is singlet oxygen usually formed ?
how many points did the broncos score in the last three minutes of the game versus pittsburgh ?
how much does victoria produce in australian pears ?
where can tesla 's theories as to what caused the skin damage be found ?
name a common autoimmune disease .
what technique was used to decorate the east side of the building ?
what did gasquet 's book blame the plague on ?
what gave priestley the claim to being the first discovered of oxygen ?
when was luther 's last sermon ?
what industry was centered in bedfordshire ?
what was the first us state to have compulsory education ?
crew members were required to wear what type of space suit during testing after the incident ?
what about luther declined as his antisemitism increased ?
where do dikes form ?
what bridge did the germans fail to demolish ?
what percent of untreated victims of the plague die within 8 days ?
what will be the importance of the pharmacist in coming decades ?
what programs are broadcast from the times square studios for abc ?
what is william rankine 's nationality ?
in a market economy , what is inequality a reflection of ?
who was thought to have killed tugh temur ?
after what year was compounding frequently used in marine engines ?
what was edison 's reply as to what tesla did n't understand when tesla asked for payment ?
what was the name of the story from the third torchwood series ?
when is the sicilian tristan quilt dated ?
how many hymns did luther write for the first choral hymnal ?
how many universities does newcastle have ?
in what type of molecules are oxygen found ?
what happens if a member does n't vote the party line ?
what day was the game played on ?
in 1942 , what was north fresno previously called ?
how many membranes do apicoplasts have ?
when did denmark join the eu ?
why did he want to make the language accessible to people ?
in what decades was dudley simpson most active in contributing to doctor who ?
the immune systems of bacteria have enzymes that protect against infection by what kind of cells ?
in which year did the museum started charging free admission fees ?
where do a majority of consultant pharmacists tend to work ?
what was walt disney 's brother 's name ?
in march 2007 , the mission council of the south central jurisdiction approved a 99-year lease on how many acres ?
of what form do mersenne primes take ?
who founded the umc ?
why is priestley usually given credit for being first to discover oxygen ?
what aid is available to underprivileged students seeking to attend a private university ?
for how long did huguenots continue to use french names ?
when was victoria first settled ?
who explained that inertial reference frames equaled reference frames subject to constant acceleration ?
who did the broncos beat tp become the afc champions ?
new cameras were introduced for the game , what degree of view do they provide viewers ?
when did the last batch of students that followed the former system graudate ?
which female anchor from today joined hugh downs on 20/20 ?
what is the lake known as which was created by the rise of the andes mountains ?
what company did worldvision sell a portion of it 's catalogue to in 1990 ?
by which year did full sized american cars shrink to be smaller ?
what researcher first used the word oxygen ?
more in the present prevalence of civil disobedience has turned and said to be ?
who were the secondary companions of the ninth and tenth doctors ?
what is there a push for in the u.s. to reduce consumer drug costs ?
who did luther think was behind the antinomian theses circulating in wittenberg ?
what year was newcastle ninth in retail expenditures ?
many conferences have taking a position by voting in favor of what ?
the name of the nfl championship game is ?
jacksonville 's popularity for films earned it what title ?
what makes plants green ?
where is genghis khan 's presumed to have been delivered ?
how does most plants ' cpdna replicate ?
how is the pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world ?
what do lobates feed on ?
how many teams up to super bowl 50 have been to the championship game eight times ?
at what temperatures is o2 more soluble ?
who proposed that innate intertial is the natural state of objects ?
the analysis of a specific algorithm is typically assigned to what field of computational science ?
what did luther try to avoid in setting up his church ?
what street does nikolaus pevsner think is one of the finest in england ?
during the compression stage of the rankine cycle , what state is the working fluid in ?
the west saw the east as what ?
what was the objective of royal proclamation of 1763 ?
for which tv season did color first become a dominant format ?
in 1500 ad how many people were believed to have lived in the amazon region ?
new ownership rules by the fcc in 1985 allowed broadcasters to own a maximum of how many stations ?
what can work to even the distribution of wealth ?
which three famous british potters are represented the the v & a ceramics collection ?
when was the battle of hastings ?
which entity is the secondary legislative body ?
what show aired on cbs after late local programming ?
what position in the government does robert gates hold ?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality for 2001-2006 ?
what party had a victory in the 2015 uk election ?
what did n't newton 's mechanics affext ?
what planet seemed to buck newton 's gravitational laws ?
who mapped the st. johns river in 1562 ?
what pathway that plays a role in immune response to viruses is present in all eukaryotes ?
in what month and year was the as-258 scheduled to launch ?
combustion is caused by an oxidant and a fuel . what role does oxygen play in combustion ?
what can block a legislation ?
how many times was manning intercepted during the 2015 season ?
what organization is devoted to jihad against israel ?
who helped discover the turkana boy ?
what does chlorophyll use light energy to do ?
where is the oldest known rock in the world located ?
what led to protests and open discrediting of the eck ?
what company developed the most successful steam engine indicator ?
what measure of a computational problem broadly defines the inherent difficulty of the solution ?
what did he hope to locate underground ?
what percentage of new zealand students attended private schools in april 2014 ?
what was the name of börte 's second male child ?
what shape are granal thylakoids ?
how man people gather along the banks of the vistula for the wianki festival ?
who did the mongols give control of korea ?
what is happening to the average age of teachers in wales ?
disney-abc television group is a subsidiary of what division of the walt disney company ?
when did luther write the hymn from depths of woe i cry to you ?
in 1890 , who did the university decide to team up with ?
what is the profession of jake rosenfield ?
what was one location the noise readings in newcastle were taken at ?
what happened to nasa 's budget after the first successful moon landing ?
which spanish officer established the settlement at st. augustine ?
how many teams have won 15 regular season games since the 16-game schedule was adopted ?
the success of the britain can make it exhibition led to the planning of what exhibition in 1951 ?
other than downtown san bernardino , and university town , what is the name of another business district in the san bernardino-riverside area ?
from where was von braun transferred to go to nasa ?
if someone is being taught at their place of residence , what is it called ?
where was tesla 's property sent ?
what company was chosen to build a two-phase ac generating system at niagara falls ?
what part of the innate immune system identifies microbes and triggers immune response ?
what un resolution endorsed the ipcc ?
what percentage of victorians are christian ?
what version of the english translation of the bible did luther 's translation affect ?
why is the final bill passed to the monarch ?
who destroyed the most valuable relics in the mausoleum during the cultural revolution ?
what year was the first manned flight with the lunar module scheduled ?
what did the shah do when faced with defeat by genghis khan 's forces ?
what conditions must be met for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid ?
where can you see greyhound racing in newcastle ?
what would the latter apollo missions carry to the moon to increase exploration ?
how can any knot be distinctively indicated ?
what is held outside the formal legal ownership registration system in many developing countries ?
when did victoria enact its constitution ?
to promote accessibility of the works , what did luther remove ?
what type of authority do sudbury schools prefer ?
stable and radioactive isotope studies provide insight into what ?
what nationality is hoesung lee ?
how much do estimations of the population during the plague vary ?
what position does von miller play ?
browlee also applies that civil disobedience is okay regarding ?
in which london borough is the victoria and albert museum located ?
at what wavelength do the spectrophotometric bands peak ?
what causes pauli repulsion ?
in what century did missionaries notably establish church schools in south africa ?
does the residential architecture of the tower district compare or contrast with other part of fresno ?
what type of algorithm is trial division ?
what is another word for the earth 's upper mantle ?
who were responsible for the interior decorations of the green dining room ?
how much did the second stage increase thrust by with the integration of the s-ivb-200 ?
how common of a type was corporal punishment in schools ?
how high on the charts did the mankind version of the theme go ?
what is the least number of members a board of trustees can have ?
what percent of girls are in prostution in kenyas coastal areas ?
big o notation provides autonomy to upper and lower bounds with relationship to what ?
thomas de maiziere serves what role in the german cabinet ?
what are the two symbols that signify pharmacy in english-speaking countries ?
how many of the richest 400 americans grew up in substantial privilege ?
who scored the first points for denver ?
what is the name of the desert on the border of arizona ?
what is the level of inequality in underdeveloped countries ?
what was warsaw ranked the 7th greatest of ?
in what venue did super bowl xix take place ?
from whom did the huguenots purchase the land where they settled ?
in which direction does the west side of fresno neighborhood lie to the 99 freeway ?
in what two serials was the number of regenerations set ?
what method is used for tallying votes in the second vote of the ballot ?
what prohibition agent was also an alumni at the university ?
why did opec raise the price of oil to $ 5.11 ?
who revolted in the ispah rebellion ?
who was appointed to be abc 's president by noble in 1950 ?
what is negatively correlated to the duration of economic growth ?
where does the diatom endosymbiont store starch ?
what did he light at his laboratories to demonstrate his wireless power transmission ?
the rhine gets how much water from the aare ?
when was the national highway designated act signed ?
what was the advantage of the two-phased system
who was abc 's vice-president of engineering ?
when was the polish-bolshevik war fought ?
what kind of chloroplasts did diatoms have but lost ?
what percentage of money raised by the host committee will be used for charitable causes ?
who won the battle near the helan mountains ?
what was the title of the first choral hymnal ?
what area is newcastle 's milder winters and cooler summers most similar to ?
why does a lower level of economic growth occur due to high-end consumption ?
when did augustus die ?
when did the term imperialism first come to be used by its current definition ?
other scholars contend that luther 's words lent what element to christian suspicion of jews ?
in what year did original fiction featuring doctor who appear ?
what is the only form potential energy can change into ?
what is the definition of agency as it relates to capabilities ?
what happens when bathocyroe and ocyropsis clap their lobes together ?
what does colonialism lack that imperialism has ?
how many examination boards exist in india ?
what impact did the high school education movement have on the wages of skilled workers ?
what year was setanta sports awarded primeier leage rights to broadcast ?
what is the name of the european union agency for external border security ?
how many casualties did british get ?
what did kublai 's government have to balance between ?
in what year was the kalven report issued ?
what was the nationality of jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont ?
what project put the first americans into space ?
what aspects of life does islamism seek to integrate itself into ?
what is the largest ctenophore ?
when did luther 's writings to spread to france , england and italy ?
how much thrust was estimated for the translunar flight ?
what was developed for the air force
approximately how many objects are in the v & a sculpture collection ?
which irish cities had large huguenot enclaves ?
who along with russia supported post ww-ii communist movements ?
by the late 19th century , which country had the largest empire ever to exist in the world ?
what was the eventual final goal of the apollo projects ?
who filed an objection to the bbc using the blue police box in doctor who merchandise ?
jenggis is the adjectival form of what word ?
what did bskyb name their interactive service ?
how much of the ipcc attendees are government representatives ?
super bowl 50 decided the nfl champion for what season ?
when did tesla go to karlovac ?
who led new france reinforcements in 1756 ?
what do some encrypted broadcasts require to view ?
in what year did the fcc publish it 's report ?
what success did abercrombie gain out of the defeat at carillon ?
from what landmark within fresno does the tower theatre get its name ?
what distinction does the bank of america tower hold ?
what amount of the worlds carbon is stored in the amazon forest ?
what is sometimes impossible to model ?
who thinks that luther added antisemitism as a cultural element to germany ?
the perceived british policy of being hands off of its muslim population has resulted in what derogatory term for london ?
what are examples of economic actors ?
where was an elected assembly to be set up , under the terms of the scotland act of 1978 ?
what is an additional meaning intended when the word prime is used ?
who may have been called upon to fund the festival associated with the super bowl in santa clara ?
what component of water is more soluble than nitrogen ?
what is a popular strolling destination for the varsovians ?
miller-boyett productions was a studio affiliated with what company ?
where was itv tyne tees based for over 40 years ?
who patented a high-pressure compound engine in 1805 ?
what do the leaders of the opposition parties and other msps question the first minister about ?
what countries are the doctor who dvds available to purchase ?
what do statements from the po and member in charge of the bill also indicate ?
what was isiah bowman nick name , as known by the public .
who was named the president of abc news in 1977 ?
what does colonia agrippina 's original name translate into ?
what can often be predicted beforehand ?
what was the name of wesley 's famous sermon in which he warned against the dangers of drinking ?
what year was casimir pulaski born in warsaw ?
when did edward return ?
what is another type of public key cryptography algorithm ?
when was it discovered that prime numbers could applied to the creation of public key cryptography algorithms ?
the tower district is centered around which historic theatre ?
what space-time path is seen as a curved line in space ?
where did two of triton 's daughters set out on a journey through ?
when did the name black death officially take root in england ?
who allegedly haunted the gate ?
in what major portion of living things is oxygen found ?
how much of normal is the oxygen breathed in space suits ?
what element is used as a coolant in the process of making liquid oxygen ?
when was the colony of new south wales founded ?
who were the creators of the flintstones ?
what happened to nearby light bulbs ?
what is the name of world renowned cellist is a former harvard student ?
after 1935 , who would be forbidden to enter rhineland ?
what was the first picture released by abc pictures ?
in what year was the doctor who 40th anniversary show ?
the term may be related to what politician from switzerland ?
who do priesthood representatives defer to , at times ?
who bought the factory in 2005 ?
the v & a owns the largest collection of which period in sculptural art history ?
whose shrine did the pilgrims go to in 1016 ?
what is a regulatory factor produced by macrophages ?
from what does photosynthesis get oxygen ?
how many bskyb channels were available to customers prior to october 2005 ?
what river is larger than the rhine ?
what does " tgif " stand for ?
what group operates st dominic 's college in wanganui ?
what does cbd stand for ?
the cities of los angeles and san diego are a part of which state ?
what goldman sachs ceo is also an alumni of the university of chicago ?
who was the denver head coach for super bowl 50 ?
which italian that is credited with the creating the baroque style of sculpture is represented in the v & a 's british galleries ?
when was the settlement which would become warsaw established ?
why do some people purposely resist officers of the law ?
what did germanic tribes establish with help from the rhine ?
who initially took over as president of capital cities/abc after daniel burke left ?
what country has low income inequality and high presence of unions ?
does bskyb carry any control over the picture quality of a channel ?
classification of resources is contingent on determining the upper and lower bounds of minimum time required by what ?
how would one create an empire by means of imperialism ?
where did the abc new york flagship stations move their facilities to in 1953 ?
what was the occasion for the boat demonstration ?
what manner of words does mullet think luther would choose ?
where is the principle of proportionality recognized in the ec treaty ?
what century was newcastle 's port developed in ?
the umc supports research on what cells retrieved from umbilical cords ?
what award was given to corliss ?
scientists disagree with how the amazon rainforest changed over time with some arguing that it was reduced to isolated refugia seperated by what ?
what victory at thwarted efforts of french relief ships .
who initially wanted more unmanned testing done regarding the lm ?
when did greenland sign a treaty granting them special status ?
how does inequality prevent growth ?
when did luther enter into the senate of the theology faculty of the university of wittenberg ?
what two comedies were featured on abc 's new wednesday comedy lineup ?
what are sometimes present in the boiler 's firebox crown ?
what exchange in warsaw is one of the most important for central and eastern europe ?
who invited washington to dine with him ?
who wrote a pamphlet outlining the radical ideas of the extremists ?
if q=9 and a=1,2,4,5,7 , or 8 , how many primes would be in a progression ?
what was tesla 's monthly consultant salary ?
what were the " great forces " mentioned in the article 's title ?
what is the name of the book written by archeologist betty meggers ?
what day of the week are general elections held ?
when was al-banna assassinated ?
what have many ht members graduated to joining ?
what other location did apollo 1 test at besides kennedy space center ?
who gained control of florida after the conclusion of the revolutionary war ?
what can result from disorders of the immune system ?
what is referred to as the diamond strip ?
what has allowed for the savanna region to expand into the tropics ?
where did ht fail to pull off a bloodless coup in 1974 ?
how does adaptive/acquired immunity help in the future ?
semen contains what in order to kill pathogens ?
what is the name of the current refurbishment the system is undergoing ?
if roman numerals were used in the naming of the 50th super bowl , which one would have been used ?
when did honda , toyota and nissan open us assembly plants ?
the v & a is looking to open a branded gallery in which city in scotland ?
who conceptualized the aeolipile ?
what are the most passes that greg olsen has had ?
what program was created to carry out these projects and missions ?
what disease did tesla contract in 1873 ?
who recorded the theme played for season 18 ?
what was william johnson 's iroquois name ?
what property of the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... shows that there is an infinite number of primes ?
what molecules are parts of the body of an organism in immunology ?
what part of luther 's career was one of his most productive ?
what late gothic architectural sculptural feature is found on the tower above the main entrance ?
gandhi often referenced shelley 's poem in his efforts to do what ?
what is the second aspect of teacher enthusiasm ?
what will cause the lake near the rhine to silt up ?
what university won the award for most it enabled organisation ?
who governed the central region in the yuan ?
which country was thinking about going to war to forcibly take middle eastern oil fields ?
what is the goal of islamist groups like hezbollah and hamas ?
what did luther try to do for the jews ?
what was the goal of braddock 's expedition ?
along with nuclear , geothermal and internal combustion engine waste heat , what sort of energy might supply the heat for a steam engine ?
what types of work did the han do in central asia ?
what is the major tributary of the rhine ?
what was the goal of the system
what college is jake rosenfield associated with ?
who was the star of the sarah jane adventures ?
how many people did hamas kill between 2000 to 2007 ?
what was the name of the norman castle ?
when do juvenile develop into adults ?
who was the first european to travel the amazon river ?
what was austpac
what is the most common form of oxygen on the planet ?
how long ago did primates inhabit kenya ?
how many drugs approved by the fda in 2013 were specialty drugs ?
what station aired the super bowl ?
what does southern california have a reputation for ?
who was the deputy administrator of nasa in 1960 ?
what would create a conflict between a problem x and problem c within the context of reduction ?
how many tree species are in the rainforest ?
what is the longest time that a teaching certificate is good for ?
what are the biggest game animals of kenya called ?
new broadcast regulations from the fcc in 1968 allowed companies to own a maximum of how many radio stations ?
how many were killed by plague in italy in the 17th century ?
who hit the goal post on a field goal attempt ?
what responses protect the lungs by mechanically ejecting pathogens from the respiratory system ?
what is the most frequently employed type of reduction ?
what may also be required of teachers , in some areas ?
who is the gallery of indian art named after ?
teaching christians how they should live is what use of the law ?
what seed was the denver broncos ?
what type of steam engine does n't need valves to direct steam ?
the atomic number of the periodic table for oxygen ?
what gave its name to the 1980s music television program " the tube " ?
into what religion was martin luther baptized ?
what did microsoft announce that it would rename sky drive pro to ?
on what is victoria 's constitution based ?
what new name was given to the media day ?
what was the first spacecraft to orbit another celestial body ?
what is ppp ?
what year did tesla die ?
what institute did the university announced to everyone in 2008 ?
what day of the week did shark tank debut on ?
how old was elway during his super bowl xxxiii win ?
in what way did lavoisier see that the tin he used in his experiment had increased ?
what type of lenses were needed to see the 3d effects in dimension in time ?
what does man 's justification depend on in faith ?
dendritic cells are named that because they resemble what ?
what was tymnet
where did apollo 1 's crew conduct tests at kennedy space center ?
where is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum less commonly found ?
when did the university start having a bachelor 's degree program in theater & performance studies ?
what does piketty feel was the biggest factors in reducing inequality between 1914 to 1945 ?
what is the force between two locations related to ?
where did one of triton 's daughters decide she wanted to hang out and stay ?
where was the espn deportes spanish version of super bowl 50 available ?
how many horsepower did tesla 's bladeless turbine have ?
would word means burn in the anglo-saxon language ?
how many people died of plague in paris in 1466 ?
what compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies ?
which is more costly , formal , or informal imperialism ?
what is one problem with internet pharmacies ?
what conviction motivated eliot to move towards secularization ?
what did lane and vail finance ?
what surrounds the church of st. andrew ?
levels of what things are used to determine emission factors ?
why might a physician diagnose a large number of conditions ?
what major category of conservation result in an object that is more attractive and more comprehensible to the viewer ?
what events are often associated with volcanism and igneous activity ?
how many ministries of the scottish government does a committee typically correspond to ?
what happened to dane ?
what type of disability would a teacher help a student with ?
in early 2012 , goodell said that super bowl 50 would be what ?
with whom are teachers required to register ?
what 1971 film was shot on location in newcastle ?
approximately how many architectural drawings does the v & a hold in its collection ?
what does the first company law directive article 11 require ?
who hired tesla in 1888 ?
what would be needed to host a larger population ?
what cells are the second arm of the innate immune system ?
which of his future generals joined forces with temüjin around the time of his escape from the tayichi'ud ?
when did the world 's population finally recover from the black death ?
what are some examples of undesirable end results of a project ?
what candy company did edward john noble own ?
who was the first warsaw president ?
which festival is held in newcastle 's gay community in mid-july ?
how many students have received unwanted sexual attention from a teacher or other education figure ?
in 1893 , who won the bid to light the world 's columbian exposition ?
who was one french pro-reform roman catholic of the 15th century ?
what year did iqbal return to lahore ?
who founded woodward park ?
after the merger of disney-abc television group , abc studios , and abc entertainment , what was the resulting entity named ?
what has given a boost to manufacturing in recent years ?
what is another plague thought to have spread the same way ?
what feature of the shah 's army enable the weary mongol forces easy early victories ?
where did tetzel overstate his teachings ?
enr used data on what to rank top 400 firms as heavy contractors ?
how many people were on the test flight of the as-206 ?
what is the average discharge of the moselle to the rhine ?
during which years was no census taken ?
what does civil disobedience relate to ?
what is the boundary between the high and upper rhine ?
what was the name of the blind date concept program debuted by abc in 1966 ?
how old was peyton manning in 2015 ?
when was newton the first selection in the nfl draft ?
what is terra preta called ?
how many universities offer an initial teacher education ( ite ) program ?
in what cases can the eu not override german law ?
warsaw summer jazz days is one of the many what hosted by warsaw ?
what is the largest medical school in poland ?
statues of british artists adorn which part of the tower above the main entrance ?
when did the british defeat new france ?
when did abc begin broadcasting the miss america pageant ?
how many sororities belong to the national panhellenic conference ?
what did davies call the system
what was the technical name of the first unmanned saturn v flight , apollo 4 ?
what do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells store carbon dioxide in ?
what tribes were in father le loutre 's war ?
what does the nederrikn 's name change into ?
in what city is rangi ruru girls ' school ?
how would the operator of observe the reflected signal ?
what molecule does the sun have in higher proportion than earth ?
when were the daleks reintroduced in the revival series ?
in what year did harvard and radcliffe admissions merge ?
interest groups and government agencies that were concerned with energy were no match for who ?
what encouraged cultural exchange under the yuan ?
when did gou 's calendar become the official calendar of the yuan ?
when did building activity in the palaces and churches take place in the later decades of ?
what years did doctor who win five consecutive awards ?
who was the tangut general who fought genghis khan at deshun ?
what were the papal legate 's orders from the pope ?
in how many places is oxygen stored in its cycle ?
what did davies want to build
what health issue did tesla suffer ?
who wrote about the great pestilence in 1893 ?
who designed the illumination systems that tesla electric light & manufacturing installed ?
of what mountain system are the victorian alps a part ?
when did the first direct elections take place ?
who besides the russians are often left out of the colonialism debat ?
how many women were employed in construction in 2011 ?
why did he walk ?
where did kublai extend the grand canal to ?
what was the name of the company the businessmen financed ?
the umc maintains that war is incompatible with what ?
where did marin build first fort ?
when do chloroplasts produce defense signals ?
who was the most valuable player of super bowl xli ?
what is one of the reason that underdeveloped nations received aid from the oil income ?
what were tesla 's mother 's special abilities ?
who did the panthers face in the nfc championship game ?
along with solar , coal and nuclear , what sort of plants notable use the rankine process ?
how were huguenot settlers assimilated into north american society at large ?
who did genghis khan charge with finding and punishing the shah ?
in what episode was the fifth doctor confirmed ?
which architect , famous for the india gate in new delhi , is represented in the riba collection ?
what spacecraft contained data to determine the oxygen content of the sun ?
how many of the mau mau did home gaurd kill ?
evidence for what types of structures were found in 2003 ?
what is the most common length of doctor who episodes ?
what is one way in which graphs can be encoded ?
what was julian hawthorne 's relation to tesla ?
after apartheid , what types of schools are referred to as " model c " schools ?
civil disobedients have chosen many different kinds of what type of behaviors ?
when did huguenots colonize in north america ?
what is an interdenominational group composed of various churches to promote the gospel throughout the world ?
what do we call the empire that genghis khan founded ?
when did espn take over responsibility for abc 's sports division ?
how many extended metropolitan areas are there ?
the region was a leader in what event between 2001 - 2007 ?
when was the rhine first discovered ?
when was warsaw completely razed to the ground by bombing raids ?
what was the year when tesla went back to smiljan ?
what kind of markets did nbc red serve ?
whose plan called for the mongolian army to split in two after the khwarezmian conquest ?
what were the two huguenot neighborhoods created in berlin ?
what year did newcastle first develop its cycling strategy ?
how do both chloroplast membranes compare to cyanobacterium 's original double membranes ?
how much windblown dust leaves the sahara each year ?
salafism posits that democracy is responsible for what type of horrible events of the 20th century ?
where was the language luther used in his translations spoken ?
why is shine-dalgarno sequence recognition important ?
why do stromules exist ?
what un secretary went to harvard ?
how many legions in five bases were along the rhine by the romans ?
compared to other elements , how abundant does oxygen rank ?
what architecture type came before norman in england ?
how are laboratory measurements of forces determined ?
who assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism ?
how many bits are often in the primes used for rsa public key cryptography algorithms ?
suzuki chokichi 's incense burner dated 1875 is made of what from material ?
what was published in february of 2007 ?
what type of layout does newcastle 's streets have in many parts ?
what years did this occupation take place ?
at what age did british gas plc force their workers to retire ?
who may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built ?
what river runs through warsaw ?
what has replaced the former shipping premises ?
what was sadat seeking by releasing islamists from prison ?
what do some believe the treaty of versailles assisted in ?
who did philip i want to marry ?
what is abc 's traditional vod service currently named ?
what channel shows repeats of the doctor who shows ?
most of the productions in the tgif lineup were produced by what production company ?
what does legend say genghis khan used to obliterate the kharezmid emporer 's place of birth ?
what company was formed by the merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting ?
along with road vehicles , locomotives and ships , on what vehicles were steam engines used during the industrial revolution ?
what theologian differed in views about the soul from luther ?
who wrote that imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism ?
what is the full name of the aser ?
how did luther smuggle 12 nuns out of a convent during the rebellion ?
the analysis of stratigraphic sections such as drill cores is done by who ?
who issued the royal proclamation of 1763 ?
from what project did the apollo 11 crew consist entirely of ?
from what country did the first person in space come from ?
what do supportive teachers spend more time doing ?
what were european countries doing during the 1700 's ?
how many turnovers did cam newton have ?
the presence of who is highly likely even in small projects ?
what are two examples of different types of reduction ?
what peanuts special is halloween-themed ?
how many people may have lived in the amazon region during ad 1500 ?
what class is most commonly not ascribed to the graph isomorphism problem in spite of definitive determination ?
who congratulated the snp while vowing to campaign against their referendum ?
where does centripetal force go ?
how many points did the broncos defense allow their opponents to get ?
who was the designer of the oriental courts ?
what does the ipcc rely on for research ?
the time required to output an answer on a deterministic turing machine is expressed as what ?
what are some causes of reduced immune function in developed countries ?
what countries use a red stylized a to signify pharmacy ?
what city is the capital of victoria ?
what type of rail line is pacific national ?
who had five sacks in nine games as a carolina panthers starter ?
by what process can active immunity be generated in an artificial manner ?
what did electromagnetic theory finally lead to ?
what does the presiding officer try to achieve a balance of between speakers ?
what actually causes rigidity in matter ?
what spacecraft did the soviets use to send animals to space and around the moon 's orbit ?
after the peterloo massacre what poet wrote the massacre of anarchy ?
besides countries of origin and date of production , how are the textiles classified ?
what did martin luther do during 1510 to 1520 ?
the v & a has its origins in which world exposition ?
who voted against jacksonville 's annexation ?
how was the efficiency of a steam engine typically evaluated ?
what type of gradients are formed by faulting and other deformational processes ?
what does increased oxygen concentrations in the patient 's lungs displace ?
what folks are likely to use words like " howay " and " hadaway " ?
what is michael carrick and alan shearer 's profession ?
what kind of force does not exist under newton 's third law ?
who founded telnet
how does cooling of the local environment affect the mnemiopsis ?
which two religions did tesla express respect for ?
which group seeks to reconceive and promote biblical holiness in today 's church ?
when did the normans attack dyrrachium ?
what basin was formed when the andes mountains rose ?
what other clashes were involved in taking louisbourg ?
what historical figure was jacksonville named after ?
what type of ideals generalize prime elements ?
on what yard line did carolina begin with 4:51 left in the game ?
what entity is created if the three different institutions can not come to a consensus at any stage ?
how quickly can an algorithm solve an np-complete knapsack problem ?
where is british english usually used ?
what percentage of the land cleared in the amazon is used for growing livestock ?
what measurement of time is used in polynomial time reduction ?
what was the most revered award that doctor who has won ?
who presents different ideas about how to accomplish goals ?
which company held a contest whereupon contestants could enter for a chance to have their own commercial shown during super bowl 50 ?
who first fully explained the origins of magnetic and electric fields ?
what did the king do to regarding huguenot education ?
how much resources were french placing in north america ?
how many members can voters choose to represent the constituency ?
where are most working children working ?
what is another word for cryptophytes ?
how many outputs are expected for each input in a function problem ?
how may yards did peyton manning throw ?
what happened to most of tesla 's work from this time ?
most of the chinese works of art in the far eastern collections date from which two dynasties ?
who helped pay for the university 's first building structure ?
who was the original pilot for the first apollo mission ?
who designed the forest tapestry in the v & a collection ?
in which case did the court of justice hold that requiring italian lawyers to comply with maximum tariffs unless there was an agreement with a client was not a restriction ?
what does the city council divide itself into ?
what was the name of the 2010 christmas special ?
what specific type of ctenophore was introduced into the black sea ?
why are the small lakes in the parks emptied before winter ?
who sacked newton with 11 seconds left in the first half ?
what does high levels of inequality do for economic growth in richer countries ?
what is the term for a mathematical model that theoretically represents a general computing machine ?
who kept tabs on the accident review board that nasa created ?
what are three examples of complexity classes associated with definitions established by probabilistic turing machines ?
who did a pressurized oxygen cabin fire kill ?
what was a first for this network
what does the u.s. economic and social model have substantial levels of ?
what tool has measured the amount of dust that travels from the sahara to the amazon ?
who is the first administrator of the federal energy office ?
what program did red cross put together in 2011 ?
what is psalm 31:5 ?
which linebacker had the most sacks on the team ?
what was robert watson 's role in the ipcc ?
where did tesla work in budapest ?
what is donald davies credited with
cilia can g ow up too what length ?
what comedy featuring stand up comedian tim allen debuted in 1991 ?
what year did doctor who finally return to television ?
name one of the causes of immunodeficiency .
how are nuclear forces transmitted ?
turtles and jellyfish can eat large quantities of what ?
how do bills pass through parliament ?
where was shirley planning an expedition ?
which empire bordered the mongol empire to the west in 1218 ?
what is the name of a uniflow engine that takes in steam in hot areas and exhausts it in cold ?
what drew would-be jacksonville tourists to other florida destinations ?
in which episode does the first doctor see himself ?
in 2005 , what did doctor who think the condition of his home planet was ?
what was the first super bowl branded with roman numerals ?
the amazon rainforest became a mostly inland forest around which global event ?
according to the theory , what does the name " huguenot " mean ?
by what means is imperialism usually administered ?
how much did saudi arabia spend on spreading wahhabism ?
when are subject committees established ?
what other cbs talk show played , after the main one that began immediately after super bowl 50 ?
what year did the khwarezmian empire fall to genghis khan ?
what was the horsepower put out by the turbines in waterside power station
what is the nature of the relationship between t-cells and vitamin d ?
how were the mongol garrison families earning money ?
what type of religious behavior was tesla against ?
what are phytoplankton ?
what is the term for a meeting of mongol chiefs ?
who went to wittenberg to hear luther speak ?
how is oxygen ranked as abundant in the universe ?
what did tesla 's teachers believe he was doing while in school ?
why were northern chinese ranked higher ?
who is the third riches man in america ?
what is the conventional measurement of the rhine ?
in what year did student decide to occupy the president 's office ?
between 1978 an d2008 four year full time undergraduate students were required to complete how many classes outside of their concentration ?
a satellite that measured the amount of dust going to the amazon was named what ?
which team did gary kubiak play for when he was in the super bowl ?
a column from which moorish palace and fortress complex in granada , spain , is included in the v & a collection ?
what does graham twigg propose about the spread of disease ?
what did the polish citizens understand the subtext of john paul ii 's words to be ?
when did western governments support fledgling islamists ?
what did astor expect the money be used for ?
in what language did espn deportes broadcast the game ?
what did the use of steam engines in farming lead to ?
how far is fresno from los angeles ?
when did luther produce a hymnic version of the lord 's prayer ?
intractable problems lacking polynomial time solutions necessarily negate the practical efficacy of what type of algorithm ?
according to luther what justifies us ?
who discussed twigg 's study in 2002 ?
what were the claims of corruption in the armed forces ?
what includes pressure terms when calculating area in volume ?
what did luther do during lent at this time ?
currently , how many votes out of the 352 total votes are needed for a majority ?
where is the coldest section of victoria ?
how many beds does the maria sklodowska-curie institute of oncology have ?
how much success did this expedition with braddock find ?
in 2013-14 , nbc finished in first place in the 18-49 demographic for the first time since when ?
who established the confederation of the rhine ?
what is the main denomination of christians in kenya ?
what is the name of matters outside the legislative ability of the scottish parliament ?
why is the building on spital tongues known as the pink palace ?
a subway tunnel from the museum leads to which tube station ?
if a detention requires a pupil to just sit there , how are they required to sit ?
who wanted israel to withdraw from its border ?
what are both branko milanovic and joseph stiglitz ?
to whom has the antwerp city hall doors in the v & a collection been attributed ?
what do a plant 's chloroplasts descend from ?
what is the knls responsible for ?
what did the sparks do to the insulation ?
with which museum does the v & a co-owns canova 's the three graces ?
in what year did raymond sullivan publish a study of rudimentary sets ?
colonialism as a policy is caused by financial and what other reasons ?
in schmidberger v austria , the court of justice came to the conclusion that austria did n't infringe upon article 34 by failing to ban a what ?
what was invented in 1880 that revolutionized warfare ?
ctenophores are less complex than what other group ?
when was there an attempt to reform the law of the eu ?
how many bafta cymru awards has doctor who received ?
what rank does doctor who hold in a list of the 100 greatest kids ' tv shows ?
what is a descriptive term for a low-to-high energy bond ?
what year was the carolina panthers franchise founded ?
in what borough of new york city is abc headquartered ?
how did user of tymnet connect
the script writer for the special went on to have what role in the revised doctor who series ?
when did the eleventh doctor appear in the sarah jane series ?
who provides the bill of quantities ?
what were tesla 's sisters ' names ?
how many teams have been in the super bowl eight times ?
who is responsible for axiomatic complexity theory ?
what are the specific divisors of all even numbers larger than 2 ?
what type of ratios are used in geochronologic and thermochronologic studies ?
what are the antimicrobial peptides that are the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity called ?
who was the new elector of saxony ?
how many floors are there in the building that was completed in 1967 ?
who was the chairman and ceo of disney in 2002 ?
in what year was an early admission program reintroduced ?
what were tyneside flats built as ?
who was the first president and director of programming for abc entertainment ?
abc began to focus on what kind of series after nbc 's success in 1984 ?
who lost 3 yards on a tackle by shaq thompson ?
when did luther start preaching prophetic faith ?
where did genghis khan spend the summer after taking deshun ?
which reason is given sometimes to plead not guilty involving these matters ?
with what body must a pharmacy technician register ?
who ruled the duchy of normandy
to whom did rca mandate the sale of nbc blue to in 1941 ?
how do chloroplasts reproduce ?
which three doctors were in the sirens of time ?
which phylum is more complex than sponges ?
who is the current governor of victoria ?
prior to this consideration , when did san francisco last host a super bowl ?
many liturgies are derived from what book ?
where was there a weakness in british supply chain ?
in computational complexity theory , what is the term given to describe the baseline abstract question needing to be solved ?
how far did he claim the mechanical energy could be transmitted ?
what is it called when steam propels a turbo generator with electric motor propulsion ?
what was the value of the john jones collection when it was left to the museum ?
whose puppet did islamists accuse the saudi regime of being ?
when did the church reform begin ?
how many grammys has lady gaga won ?
what is the term given to algorithms that utilize random bits ?
who supported andreas karistadt in reform at wittenberg ?
what kind of influence does the gulf stream exert on newcastle ?
how much british military was in north america at start of war ?
what was the name of the doctor who special created for comic relief ?
what other aspect of luther 's life was affected by his health ?
what is tertiary endosymbiosis of haptophyte chloroplasts expected to create ?
what happens secondly if a directive 's deadline is not met ?
what theology states that faith alone is n't enough to justify man ?
in a platoon style teaching , what gives the children security ?
what increases with the increase of income inequality ?
what river was petrela located by ?
who commissioned the tapestry ?
what is a typical name for learning that is not inside of the classroom ?
how many bodies did public health england exhume ?
of what material were the death rays pellets made ?
why did westinghouse not secure a patent for a similar motor ?
what book did luther write in response to agricola and the antinomians ?
when did luther and his wife live ?
what does the first minister deliver at the beginning of each parliamentary year ?
what is very important for the growth of the economy ?
in what part of the city did residents suffer from a lack of city services ?
where is the so-called rhine knee ?
what percentage of newcastle 's population was culled by the plague ?
how large across are chloroplasts in land plants ?
what has successfully dealt with ozone depletion ?
how many avulsions have occurred in the past 6000 yeas ?
what is another name for the tabula rogeriana ?
what are more common in other plastids than chloroplasts ?
what icons were reintroduced in series 2 of the revival show ?
how many americans are richer than more than half of all citizens ?
when was the study on sequenced y genomes published ?
what type of sentences were the protesters given ?
who stripped the ball from newton on a 3rd and nine ?
what famous snowbaorder lives in southern california ?
which of temüjin 's childhood friends did toghrul suggest he also enlist ?
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing how much building material per hour ?
what team had the lowest downs and yards ever in the super bowl as of super bowl 50 ?
what is the process of vaccination also known as ?
what team was the winner of super bowl xxxiii ?
the brotherhood 's members are against consuming what beverage ?
students exposed to an enthusiastic teacher usually did what more often outside class ?
are there any other aviation communities such as sierra sky park in the united states ?
how many teams has manning won the super bowl with ?
what principle relates to the formation of faults and the age of the sequences through which they cut ?
which famous indian took a plea and put himself at the mercy of the courts ?
which rival 's tribes did genghis khan famously measure against the linchpin ?
when did sky launch a tv advertising campaign target towards women ?
imperialism extends a country 's power and what ?
which direction did the disease first move in ?
what did the snp publicly opine about the oil revenues ?
iran has assisted what type of groups in iraq ?
how many times prios has the sun life stadium had super bowls ?
what has the court required to be more accessible ?
what player punched the ball in from the 2 ?
what genre of film was the 1988 film stormy monday ?
what are two examples of cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs ?
what act set out the parliament 's powers as a devolved legislature ?
what are some normal breakfast foods ?
who caught a 16-yard pass on this drive ?
what tribes supported british ?
how well did kenya do in the beijing olympics ?
which count did the prince strike an arrangement with ?
what is the highest court in european union law ?
the umc believes that jesus repudiated the les talionis in what bible verses ?
what other sources of high oxidative potential can add to a fire ?
when did the il-khanate experiment with paper money ?
which genus lack tentacles and sheaths ?
governon robert dinwiddie had an investment in what significan company ?
when did the arab oil producers lift the embargo ?
which two leading roles did audra mcdonald perform when she was in high school ?
what comedy for abc ended its broadcast run in 1986 ?
what is the historic heart of newcastle ?
what authority enforced the ban on the 95 theses ?
how much of afghanistan did the taliban take over ?
how much did westinghouse pay to license tesla 's designs ?
when are the new sky q products going to be available ?
which country did japan force into an alliance ?
what type of medicine did otachi focus on ?
what is the edge of the moraine plateau called ?
what is the translation of oude maas ?
what was the accepted length of the rhine prior to 1932 ?
which doctor returned for the " children in need " show ?
what do astronaughts experience while in free-fall ?
who challenged kublai khan 's right to succeed mongke khan ?
what television trend are charlies angels and three 's company an example of ?
how many awards has doctor who won ?
the art deco period of textiles works is represented by which american artist ?
imperialism is confused with what other term ?
the taliban was so different from other moments that they could be more accurately described as being what ?
what is a way you can show police officers civil disobedience ?
what did lavoisier conclude was consumed by combustion in his experiments ?
for each of the 28 member states , how many commissioner 's are represented for each one ?
what image campaign was the new four-note jingle for abc based around ?
where did two leaders join hands and " give birth " to a new denomination ?
what was tugh temur known for ?
what is the first major bend in the rhine called ?
what is a very seldom used unit of mass in the metric system ?
who did wiesner hire to monitor and second guess nasa 's decisions ?
what was zia-ul-haq accused of using islamization to legitimize ?
in what year was the charter granted for harvard corporation ?
who headed the niagara falls cataract construction company in 1893 ?
when did khan establish the great yuan ?
horizontal layers of what are pulled along a surface into a back stop in analog versions of orogenic wedge experiments ?
what form do complex gaussian integers have ?
who was tesla prejudiced against ?
some have generalized the meaning of the word imperialism down to general-purpose what ?
which tribes did genghis khan unite ?
what was the name of temüjin 's laws ?
where did montcalm move his heaquarter to show strategic advancement ?
who is parodied on programs such as saturday night live and the simpsons ?
where did the tran dynasty rule ?
where does the cold and warm water meet the warm water ?
if two integers are multiplied and output a value , what is this expression set called ?
after the oligocene period , under what period did the amazon rainforest begin to expand ?
who did luther banish ?
how many crank rotations are there in an engine cycle ?
for a field f containing 0 and 1 , what would be the prime field ?
ac and nc are complexity classes typically associated with what type of circuit ?
when was waruhiu itote captured ?
what did the italian government fail to do in francovich v italy ?
what does the 9 +3 pattern of cilia thought to do ?
who recovered ward 's fumble ?
what issue has been plaguing the civil disobedience movement .
what is the conventional method to measure the rhine ?
which organisms have chloroplasts ?
what territory was ceded to britain ?
what kind of division of power did kublai 's government have ?
where can the entire sedimentary sequence of the grand canyon be seen in less than the length of a meter ?
for how long did tesla receive this compensation ?
which major network was the most watched for the 2000-01 season ?
in the determination of complexity classes , what are two examples of types of turing machines ?
what are the main legislative bodies of the european union ?
why did vision 2030 add the nccap ?
what political leaning does the cato institute have ?
what formation has an asymmetrical pattern of different terraces ?
the pleistocene epoch takes place during which period ?
what was the corporate entity american broadcasting-paramount theatres renamed in 1965 ?
what did the rhine branch off to form in austria ?
when did the cretaceous-paleogene extinction happen ?
in latin america what is the most revered skin color ?
why are ctenophores extremely rare as fossils ?
when was luther called by von staupitz to wittenberg ?
what is the origin of clinical pharmacy ?
what caused the us public to condemn the occupation of the philippines ?
in newton 's second law , what are the units of mass and force in relation to microscales ?
who is eligible to toss their name in the hat to be first minister ?
outside of livestock , what else was considered a major industry in the agriculture regions ?
who did britain exploit in india ?
what is nexus ?
what former administrative building was used for the msp 's offices ?
unsurprisingly , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviets in the 1980s failed to produce what ?
how can you find the absolute age of sedimentary rock units which do not contain radioactive isotopes ?
what study covered subjects in 80,000 schools ?
kurt h. debus was appointed what position for the launch operations center ?
what was the name of the first huguenot outpost in south carolina ?
who does the wage gap between genders provide an advantage ?
if 1 were to be considered as prime what would the sieve of eratosthenes yield for all other numbers ?
what are clades ?
what event was blamed on the introduction of mnemiopsis into the black sea ?
what is the minimum required if you want to teach in canada ?
what fields of study did martin luther prefer ?
what is the foundation for separation results within complexity classes ?
when did konstantin mereschkowski suggest the origin of chloroplasts ?
what did agricola apparently believe about who should be in control law ?
what was the second meaning of a chinese word for 'barracks ' ?
families with french names in south africa speak what language today ?
what can an enthusiastic teacher be to a young student ?
who first proved bertrand 's postulate ?
what process is responsible for the planet 's oxygen content ?
in what episode did dudley simpson play a music conductor ?
what could tesla perform in his head ?
where is newcastle 's horse racing course located ?
what political group began to gain support following the corruption scandal ?
who was jacksonville 's mayor at the time of the consolidation ?
what is the subsystem that protects the human brain ?
in what year was the interstate highway system created ?
while producing oxygen , what gas does a zeolite sieve absorb ?
what was the name of the stadium that the teams played in ?
what was datanet 1
the two aaa clubs divided the state into a northern and southern california as opposed to what point of view ?
when forces are from the presence of differnet objects , what law gives symmetry ?
who was cromwell 's allies ?
what was tesla 's idea regarding earth ?
britain 's support of france in which war led to rodin donating many of his sculptures to the v & a ?
cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the contractor did what ?
what color is phycoerytherin ?
on what street was the theatre royal 's replacement built ?
who was kennedy 's vice president ?
what talk show replaced one life to live ?
when does the annual animal migration occur ?
how many doctor who episodes have been shown , in total ?
an algorithm for x which reduces to c would us to do what ?
how did the principle treaties that form the european union begin ?
what did vbns do
what type of wages do people unable to afford an education receive ?
what is sometimes used interchangeably with 'plastids ' ?
what award was michelle gomez nominated for ?
of all their agreements with hollywood producers in the 50s , which was the most iconic for abc ?
after the operators are warned by the escape of the steam , what may they then do ?
what is an example of an article of uniform clothing typically present in australian private schools ?
where was the rhine regulated with a lower canal ?
which ancient roman monument is replicated in full-scale in the cast courts ?
what did creating highways in the amazon rainforest lead to ?
how many parts does the consideration of a bill in stage 3 have ?
how did genghis khan describe himself to the people of bukhara ?
what will a pharmacist who passes the ambulatory pharmacist exam be called ?
when did british begin to build fort under william trent ?
what is the service sector dominated by ?
where was genghis khan buried ?
long-lived memory cells can remember previous encounters with what ?
who applies expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation ?
was the school officially associated with any denomination ?
le grand concludes that an author 's words offer only what they intended for them to imply regarding this type of terminology ?
abc carries weekend events for what extreme sports competition ?
what party rules in melbourne 's inner regions ?
in what sector are jobs beginning to decrease ?
what year did genghis khan die ?
who did jochi reportedly enlist to help him stop his father 's massacres ?
how was it determined how many from each camp would be appointed ?
the influence of india can be seen in which religious art objects from thailand , burma and cambodia ?
which south asian island nation is represented in the v & a collection ?
who said chloroplasts are similar to cyanobacteria ?
some in the umc feel that false ecumenism might result in what ?
what building material does the entrance hall and flanking staircases use predominantly ?
bedau notes that illegal protests towards public policy may serve as what purpose ?
who won super bowl 50 ?
what is the name of the private day school for k-12 students the university runs ?
how much support does evidence provide for the view that labor-market flexibility improves labor-market outcomes ?
who were the first two actors that played doctor who ?
what is the name of the latin translation of dioscorides ' book ?
when do treaties apply ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the university 's in total ?
what book did luther translate into german at this time ?
what did alec shelbrooke propose payments of benefits to be made on ?
who did reuters claim won the 1915 nobel prize in physics ?
where is d'olier street ?
what body part did thomas davis break during the nfc championship game ?
france laid siege to montpellier in what year ?
when was the construction that changed the rhine 's delta ?
what injury did thomas davis suffer during the playoff games ?
who was warsaw under the administration of when it came under the rule of the general goverment ?
what does damaging photosynthesis systems create ?
which book discussed the theory about low populations in the amazon rainforest ?
when did the packers arrive at a record of 13-0 ?
what does 'plastid ' mean ?
who is subject to vetting ?
the population of newcastle was 189,863 according to what year 's census ?
what is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician to give out medication ?
besides fats , fatty acids , and amino acids , what other organic compounds contain oxygen ?
what were the first two destinations of huguenot emigres ?
how long was warsaw occupied by germany ?
what do a great majority of rocks sampled from the moon show ?
what player won the mvp in super bowl v ?
what were x.25 and frame relay used for
who is expected to lead the family in spiritual mentorship ?
who won the super bowl mvp ?
in which direction did the water on the eastern side flow ?
evolution of what part of the immune system occurred in the evolutionary ancestor of jawed vertebrates ?
where according to gross state product does victoria rank in australia ?
the french church in portarlington was built when ?
who assembles the authors ' contributions ?
in what year was the ordination order of transitional deacon abolished ?
who did genghis khan assign as his successor ?
what was the final score of the afc championship game ?
which article allows the european council to govern mergers between firms ?
historically , which movement has the methodist church supported ?
what countries are used as an example of harsher discipline with successful education ?
how did chinese medicine spread ?
what is the name of the museum and research center for near eastern studies , that is owned by the university ?
what crew did eisele eventually get relocated to after having surgery and not making the first mission ?
what is the only dinophyte that has a non-rhodoplast chloroplast ?
who relaunched doctor who in 2005 ?
which time period does the sculpture collection cover ?
what memorial was built years after genghis khan 's death and burial ?
southern california 's distinctive regions are divided culturally , politically and what other trait ?
how long after a banquet with tugh temur did kusala die ?
what did historians do in the absence of census figures ?
what parts of a conventional reciprocating steam engine could be replaced by a pistonless rotary engine ?
do the u.s. flags on the moon still have their original coloring or were they faded due to the sun ?
which of temüjin 's brothers took up the role of male leader of the family ?
what does a high tide risk near lands ?
who designed the hereford screen ?
by august 2010 how many public schools did victoria have ?
clergy are members of what group rather than of any local congregation ?
fans blame the poor viewership of the late 80 's to competition from what show ?
who did the han chinese want to help the mongols fight ?
what are dart frogs are known to secrete ?
what talk show followed immediately after super bowl 50 on cbs ?
to which year has the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet been dated ?
when did warsaw start to rebuild ?
what was the percentage of non-hispanic whites in 2010 ?
what art historical style was used in the decoration for the northern part of the museum ?
who wrote the paper that the " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " graph was based on ?
what is the position derek wolfe plays currently ?
what did tesla do with his patents causing him to lose them ?
in what year did tesla 's family move to gospic ?
what was the doritos customer super bowl ad campaign called ?
what is the united states at risk for because of the recession of 2008 ?
what did tesla do in december 1878 ?
point conception is an example of a landmark among what boundary of southern california ?
what did the amazon rainforest do during the middle miocene ?
where is the famous rock the rhine flows around ?
what other reason caused poor supply of new france from a difficult winter ?
along with marine engines and industrial units , in what machines was compounding popular ?
what publication called doctor who " the greatest uk science fiction series ever " ?
what job did tesla 's father have in gospic ?
what paper is commonly considered the bellwether ushering in systematic studies computational complexity ?
how often does doctor who travel by himself ?
who is the play-by-play announcer for the game ?
which archaeologist proposed the idea that the amazon rainforest could n't sustain large populations ?
on what scale would scientists show measurements of vegetation ?
stromatoveris is similair to which genus ?
what are the main sources of primary law ?
what is a statocyst ?
what kind of cell wall do cyanobacteria have ?
what are the anitmicrobial peptides secreted by the skin called ?
where did the president appoint cabinet members from ?
why did oil start getting priced in terms of gold ?
in the definition based off the mountain range , which region would the desert portions of north los angeles county be included in ?
what have peridinin-type chloroplasts lost ?
who was an important early figure in the islamic revival in india ?
what are environmentalists concerned about losing in the amazon forest ?
what was introduces into the black sea ?
what was cancelled by nasa after the apollo 6 testing , after deeming the saturn v ready to hold men ?
other than 7 and 13 , what other year interval do cicadas pupate ?
who succeeded dick clark on abc 's new year 's broadcasts ?
why did kublai 's successors lose control of the rest of the mongol empire ?
what forced the cancellations of three future landings ?
of what region was saxony a part ?
case complexity likelihoods provide variable probabilities of what general measure ?
how many settlers original settled in manakintown ?
who tackled mike tolbert and caused a fumble ?
who designed the vince lombardi trophy ?
which descendant of genghis khan is remembered as having reunified china ?
what did austpac support
who did bskyb team up with because it was not part of the consortium ?
who was responsible for the preliminary archaeological research at ologesailie and hyrax hill ?
how are 'un-aided ' schools different from 'aided ' schools ?
the sand bernardino - riverside area maintains what kind of district ?
what are the three sectors of construction ?
when forces are acting on an extended body , what do you need to account for motion effects ?
when was otto von bismarck born ?
what additional srevice did bskyb offer besides hd channels that they claimed offered " substantially more value " ?
how many geomorphologic formations is warsaw on ?
what kind of coronation happened ?
when was the competence for the union to create criminal sentences for ecological crimes contested ?
what modern math concept did zhu shijie do work similar to ?
what religion 's schools does the term 'parochial schools ' generally refer to ?
what year did tesla die ?
what is the term for a hyperactive immune system that attacks normal tissues ?
what did tesla electric light & manufacturing do ?
what profession were ronald robinson and john gallagher ?
how many permanent objects are located there ?
what do chloroplasts use their ribosomes for ?
what type of motivators are achievement and self determination considered ?
which company has held contests for fans to create their own ad for the company ?
what cytokines are responsible for communication between white blood cells ?
when was the first known historical reference to immunity ?
where are proplastids usually found ?
what does turning sideways protect chloroplasts from ?
during which period did jacksonville become a popular destination for the rich ?
which parish church in newcastle is typically agreed to be the oldest one in town ?
how many city officials were indicted due to corruption ?
what was kublai khan 's relation to ogedei khan ?
when was the gerald ratner athletics center constructed ?
what is restrained with a lever in the top of a boiler ?
within what variable is l constrained according to the space hierarchy theorem ?
what did luther think was the only source of knowledge of god ?
when was the muslim brotherhood founded ?
what is psalm 67 about ?
what eventually happened to the block i program after the incident ?
why was the merit network formed in michigan
which country today is a remnant of the ottoman empire ?
what is the most common cause of injury on site ?
when did tesla begin researching x-ray imaging ?
what did graham twigg publish in 1984 ?
the scottish parliament may legislate as it pleases as long as the powers are n't already reserved by where ?
in which year were the north and south courts opened ?
what part of france were the normans located ?
what type of income is the vast majority of the population dependent on ?
what is another name for the west side of fresno ?
where did tesla return to in 1873 ?
what does the pleurobrachia have on opposite sides of its body ?
what are those with lower incomes less likely to have in order to prepare for the future ?
how much imported oil came from the middle east ?
in what year did malaysia receive its independence ?
which territory did jochi try to protect that may have led to a dispute with his brothers ?
how many people were estimated to go to the different game-themed events during the week prior to super bowl 50 in the city it was held in ?
what do most platyctenida have on their aboral surface ?
what is a stromule ?
what is the final effect of adding more and more idea strings to a load ?
what concept , originally discovered by black , was later discovered independently by watt ?
what does the steam generated by a nuclear power plant drive ?
what did philip i wish to do around 1539 ?
ugly betty 's ratings fell dramatically after the series movie to what night ?
who did temüjin 's mother adopt to help integrate the tribes he conquered ?
in what year did developers billings & meyering acquire the alta vista tract ?
who did alexander i marry ?
what was compounding seen as being in the locomotive construction industry ?
what dynasty came before the yuan ?
the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice is called what ?
what field type is usually chosen for super bowl games ?
how many points did the panthers defense surrender ?
in an ideal moral society , what would all citizens be free from ?
what is the name of the first doctor who serial ?
to what body are certain powers explicitly specified as being reserved for ?
when did wei yilin die ?
what is another word for centripetal force ?
what was the color of the jerseys in super bowl xxxii when elway was quarterback ?
who might be charged with accrediting teacher education programs ?
how do mongolians sometime describe their relationship to genghis khan ?
what is internet2
when could v & a dundee ?
what was abu hamaz al-masri charged with when he was arrested ?
on december 22nd 2009 , abc reached an agreement with apple to make abc shows available on what service ?
how many yards did jordan norwood return a punt to set the super bowl record ?
where are the streams the rhine captured ?
what is the strongest main interaction ?
what will be obtained as part of longer term plans for improvements to newcastle 's train system ?
other than point conception , what landmark is used in the other definition of southern california ?
how many points did carolina lead the nfl in scoring for offensive plays ?
what introduces inequality to a country ?
what is one supplementary source of european union law ?
what is the process by which the antigen/antibody complex is processed in to peptides ?
what happens to the lead fusible plugs if the water level of the boiler drops ?
roughly , how much oxygen makes up the earth crust ?
how much of poland 's national income does warsaw produce ?
what can significantly contribute to the continuing inequality in a society over time ?
what is tesla 's home country ?
for most organisms , what is the dominant system of defense ?
what is the name of the stadium in miami that was considered ?
how many miles from the north sea is newcastle ?
what is the taskforce that was organized to identify with the pro-life position ?
which newton turnover resulted in seven points for denver ?
what area did the westwood one broadcast cover ?
civil disobedience has been argued in more recent times to have suffered from what ?
where can ctenophores be found in large amounts ?
when do cash flow problems exist ?
what is the dutch word for the amazon rainforest ?
how much did the gross agricultural product increase from 2003-04 ?
what root problem can cause starch buildup ?
when did warsaw become the center of the congress poland ?
hormones can alter the sensitivity of the immune system , so they can be referred to as what ?
how old was katharina when she married luther ?
what sections of church dogma did luther come to view in another way ?
from where would scientists like measure vegetation radiance ?
who are fda laws against importing medications aimed at ?
whose work corrected aristotle 's physics in the seventeenth century ?
where are some of the best medical facilities in east-central europe located ?
what year did börte 's give birth to jochi ?
when did wjz-tv in nyc begin broadcasting ?
who did luther view to be the antichrist ?
mps representing english constituencies can only veto laws affecting which country ?
why would mongols have too little experience to govern cities they conquered ?
who wrote the eulogy ?
who are some of the best rally drivers that have won the rally ?
what army did warsaw successfully defend itself against ?
who was one man who joined hands and said " lord of the church , we are united in thee ... ? "
what was zia-ul-haq 's official state ideology ?
when did the warsaw uprising begin ?
what kind of disorders are the result of an overactive immune response ?
what protection comes after the innate response ?
who has expressed distaste for the canonicity of doctor who stories by other media ?
how can you protest against the government in an individual way ?
the title of the digitization project was a reference to which artist ?
when upt bough abc , what was the merged company called ?
what is the original meaning of the word norman ?
what is another country that permits physicians to give out drugs from within their practice ?
western governments considered islamists to be the lesser of two evils when compared to whom ?
what workshop helped with the creation of the doctor who theme ?
which theory states that earth 's features remained unchanged after forming in one single catastrophic event ?
who edited electrical world magazine ?
which sculpture by rodin was not donated by the artist ?
what chemist managed to make enough liquid oxygen to use for study ?
name a type of toyota compact trucks ?
what network is newcastle a member of ?
who confirmed watt 's discovery of latent heat ?
how are the particle forces and accelerations explained as by gauge bosons exchange ?
what type of theater do the neighborhoods feature ?
how many people in quzhou are descended from confucius ?
what is the name of the basin that was created from a enclosed lake ?
why did warsaw gain the title of the " phoenix city " ?
who challenges the notion of the kuznets curve hypothesis ?
in what year were tesla 's motor and transformer designs licensed to westinghouse ?
what types of health outcomes do pharmacists aim for with their patients ?
what does not constitute as civil disobedience ?
who was keeping pressure and showing disagreements for the lor , even in front of the president ?
how many former mvp honorees were present for a pregame ceremony ?
what stone was used for the staircase designed by j.w . wild ?
policies which try to control unemployment support economic growth because they reduce what ?
what did luther explain about acquiring god 's grace ?
what was sky travel later rebranded as ?
what is the name of a time lord that doctor who has fought ?
what was the first recorded settlement in what became newcastle ?
which court is the highest court in the european union ?
what equation desribed the physics of force before the current schrodinger equation ?
where did luther become angry at the widespread destruction of church property ?
who were chu'tsai 's forefathers ?
where was france concentraing efforts ?
what kind of region can be found inside the urban area of southern california ?
how might gravity effects be observed differently according to newton ?
what type of number do modern mathematicians consider 1 to be ?
what policy gave britain dominance in world trade ?
what show did peter jennings anchor for abc ?
where did tesla go to feed the pigeons daily ?
which borough of newcastle had a population around 259,000 ?
how did the final song emperor die ?
how much does the services sector contribute to gdp ?
what other forces were tainted by corruption allegations ?
when was the term " regeneration " first used ?
who is newcastle 's primary bus operator in the city proper ?
what is the name brand of the personal video recorder that bskyb offers ?
what dynasty came after the yuan ?
what causes triplet oxygen to react slowly ?
how many passing yards did cam newton get for his 4 of 4 passes ?
what , rather than islamism , requires explanation ?
how many customaries does norman customary law have ?
what was the first doctor who show that tvontario ran ?
what percent of the labor force work in agriculture ?
how many levels of galleries do the façades surround ?
who designed the wrought iron gates that was used to embellish the east side of the building ?
what foot was injured on manning that sidelined him in week 10 ?
what type of surveys show the location of stratigraphic units in the subsurface ?
barro found there is little relation between income inequality and rates of what ?
if an extraordinary election is held within less than six months before the date of an ordinary election , what does it do to the ordinary election ?
in what venue did the nfl experience take place ?
which team won super bowl 50 .
why did french feel they had right to ohio claim ?
what type of curricula is it that a teacher may likely follow ?
by what method did maududi want to change the hearts and minds of individuals ?
what popular phrase is associated with the doctor who series ?
a doctor who show featuring vincent van gogh was recognized by what award ?
what year did agoa take effect ?
what did frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers begin to do ?
in the rankine cycle , in what state is the working fluid received in the condenser ?
in the case geven v land nordrhein-westfalen , how many hours was the dutch woman in question working in germany ?
how many french people were lost to plague between 1628-31 ?
what does fortiter defendit triumphans mean ?
what is an important swahili settlement along the coast ?
who is considered the leading figure in the arts and crafts movement ?
which company did mrs foster work for ?
where did tesla look for investors prior to wwi ?
what is an example of a virus that uses antigenic variation ?
what are frets ?
outside of national recognition , what other kind of recognition do some of the cities get ?
on which magazine 's cover did tesla appear in 1931
how many expansion stages are used by the triple expansion engine ?
since 2005 , what is the gender of doctor who 's primary traveling companion ?
what monarchy did western troops protect ?
how would one write t ( n ) = 7n2 + 15n + 40 in big o notation ?
what is the chinese name for the yuan dynasty ?
what state in australia is the center of dairy farming ?
how quick was the effect of luther 's preaching ?
when were the mongols defeated by the tran ?
when the three types of rock are re-melted what is formed ?
when was iqbal elected president of the muslim league ?
when did tesla attain his electrical transmitter patent ?
what sports are kenyans active in ?
when did the nfl start their 16 game seasons ?
in 1974 , what detective series debuted on abc ?
what does the highest level of the vistula plateau contain ?
what co-receptor on the t cell helps in recognizing the mhc-antigen complex ?
when did the ottoman empire fall ?
some debate that there is a correlation between capitalism , imperialism , and what ?
who was on the receiving end of a 45-yard pass from cam newton ?
what was the incident over taxes at ballarat called ?
which florida city has the biggest population ?
what is the southern region where protestants are concentrated ?
what victory symbols did the mongols build on the plains outside samarkand ?
what session is the scottish parliament in ?
new techniques of building construction are being researched , made possible by advances in what ?
on what railroad was salamanca used ?
what should a teacher guide a student in ?
what is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings ?
when had the brotherhood renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals ?
when is the members debate held ?
why are there more poor people in the united states and europe than china ?
in which continent besides asia were major gains made by the british empire in the late 19th century ?
who mentored buyantu ?
which doctor was the current doctor during the 50th anniversary special ?
what term was used for the second regeneration ?
which famous evolutionist was influenced by the book principles of geology ?
when was the last time california hosted a super bowl ?
in what year was the super bowl last held in the miami/south florida area ?
in which year did the v & a 's word and image department began a large scale digitization project ?
the material in the v & a theatre collection is available for which use ?
what part of cryptophyte chloroplasts is similar to chlorarachniophytes ?
what did michael mullet call luther 's speech ?
what is the highest court in the united methodist denomination ?
what tribes were the romans fearful would invade from the north ?
there 's a rough border between switzerland and what other country formed by the rhine ?
why is the current sea level rising ?
what han chinese leader defected to the mongols ?
why was the dalek script rejected at first ?
what do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells specialized use to make atp ?
what profession are cany ash and robert sakula ?
how old was tesla when he died ?
what is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity ?
which season of doctor who won an award for best writing in a children 's serial ?
in what complexity class do complement problems of np problems exist ?
what is controled by the market and economy ?
who are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project ?
how does the ipcc prepare special reports ?
what is the weakest main interaction ?
what receptors do tumor cells often have reduced concentrations of ?
when was martin luther ordained as a priest ?
in what year did harvard stadium become the first ever concrete reinforced stadium in the country ?
what type of theatre is the warsaw fotoplastikon ?
xenoliths are picked up by what and deposited into the matrix of igneous rocks ?
who first described dynamic equilibrium ?
when did lev 's stadium open ?
what followed the late local programming after super bowl 50 ?
what hit reality series debuted for abc in 2002 ?
what did wiesner shout out in front of the press during a presentation by von braun ?
when did martin luther receive his doctor of theology ?
who would have been the lowest-ranked class ?
when did he talk about his thoughts on gender ?
how many names of ghengis khan 's daughters are known ?
what does the wessel-datteln canal run parallel to ?
when did the nfl announce that it would not use roman numbers to designate the super bowl number ?
what are environmentalists concerned about having released from the amazon region ?
the riba 's drawing collection of what italian architect is considered the largest in the world ?
why does doctor who 's tardis always look the same ?
who did webb recruit for better project management ?
what did these lutheran clerics use as fuel to bolster the policies of the nazis ?
what type of reaction is present in the emergency oxygen generator of an airplane ?
how did tetzel state that the soul could leave purgatory ?
what company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with bskyb ?
in what year did the film also mention the number of regenerations ?
what did nasa name the series seeking up to 30 more flights to earth 's orbit ?
who sculpted the representations of prince albert and queen victoria found in the main entrance ?
what is malum in se considerations ?
what is the irish term for private schools ?
which treaty protects the freedom of establishment and the freedom to provide services ?
how many of the survey respondents considered doctor who very unsuitable for family viewing ?
what is one of the first responses the immune system has to infection ?
what does ctenophora rely on for digestion and respiration ?
what can it sometimes take up to 14 years to get permission to build on ?
in which two codes were the roles of pharmacists codified ?
how many tons of saharan dust falls on the amazon basin each year ?
what is another word for inclusions in sedimentary rocks ?
what book of the bible discusses civil disobedience ?
other than new york where did tesla conduct experiments ?
which languages used the phags-pa script ?
how did hobson argue to rid the world of imperialism ?
how has this debate been proven ?
who was determined to expose luther at this time ?
where can the complexity classes rp , bpp , pp , bqp , ma , and ph be located ?
what is the most likely effect of breathing oxygen ?
what animals did tesla care for ?
nonverbal expressions resulted in what kind of levels of motivation to learn ?
what state constitutional amendments make reference to the government funding religious schools ?
what is the most rainfall recorded in a 24 hour period in fresno ?
why is using o2 instead of co2 less efficient ?
which duty do some people believe civil disobedients have ?
what are muroplasts ?
who did luther write about , but seldom met ?
which article made provisions for concentrations or mergers and the abuse of a dominant position by companies ?
what was the ancestor of chloroplasts ?
in what series did abc present it 's 1950s film adaptations in ?
in the united states , what is a usual turbine speed with 60 hertz of power ?
was the use of the datanet 1 name correct
what philosophies underlay chinese medicine ?
what dual titles did frederick william hold ?
data from physical experiments can be extrapolated to the field to understand what processes ?
how long has radio tyneside been the voluntary hospital radio service ?
from 2004 to 2005 harvard reduced the number of students earning latin honors from 90 % to what ?
what brand of car is manufactured in broadmeadows ?
what channels were removed from the network in march of 2007 ?
in what year did the serial format change for the doctor who series ?
what is the nickname for the abc facility built at columbus avenue and west 66th street ?
why is it preferred that civil disobedience is non violent ?
how long has the doctor who magazine been in circulation ?
what does refusing to preach the ten commandments not do ?
what type of defense is sometimes used in court by protestors ?
what is impact melt that some samples of moon rocks show ?
when did tesla come to the us ?
who was it essential to islam to imitate ?
what did paul rose say luther added to german thought ?
what happened to the apollo 13 crew to force them to use the lm as a " life boat " as it had been designed ?
who did bskyb compete with initially ?
in what year did richard trevithick patent his device ?
what resource was mined in the newcastle area ?
what does computational complexity theory most specifically seek to answer ?
what is the almannic dialect to describe the islands outside in austria ?
what denomination operates st joseph 's college ?
what actress played the last incarnation of the doctor in the special ?
what dynasty did genghis khan plan to attack after conquering western xia ?
stephen eilmann demonstrates covert law breaking in nazi germany . citizen 's illegally had been doing what ?
what time framd does the seven years war cover ?
how many teams have had a 15-1 record for the regular season ?
what additional membranes do secondary chloroplasts have ?
what did martin luther 's marriage allow ?
how long might a speaker address the members during the time of reflection ?
who officially opened the v & a ?
in which article does the treaty of lisbon prohibit anti-competitive agreements ?
what did luther get implicated in concerning philip i ?
why did france choose to give up continental lands ?
when did the four rightly guided caliphs die ?
what did the edict do for huguenots in france ?
when did the first french language bible appear ?
what was extent of celeron 's expedition ?
what is the lower house of the victorian parliament called ?
when did tesla 's father die ?
when was the ability to use radioactive isotopes to date rock formations developed ?
which louisiana venue was one of three considered for super bowl 50 ?
which amino acids contain sulfur ?
what kind of forest is the amazon rainforest ?
what have the two different islamist movements been described as oscillating between ?
how many cinemas are currently housed at one site ?
when was the ipcc third assessment report published ?
what was the wedding date ?
approximately how many british drawings are included in the v & a collection ?
what is consultant pharmacy mainly concerned with ?
what do students learn about in confirmation and membership preparation classes ?
eicosanoids include what compounds that result in fever and blood vessel dilation ?
what lake connects the rhine to lake constance ?
who did the u.s. collaborate with on an earth orbit mission in 1975 ?
how many types of religious or spiritual teachers are there in christianity ?
how many of the pitt 's planned expeditions were successful ?
when did the rhine stop being the roman boundary ?
which game console could viewers stream the game on ?
the hungarians performed this civil disobedience under the direction of what person ?
during which period in history was the amazon rainforest a narrow band of forest ?
what work from around 300 bc has significant theorems about prime numbers ?
where are america 's oldest collection of maps , gazettes , and atlases housed ?
what are some large pharmacy management companies ?
who was the panthers head coach for the 2015 season ?
what prestigious legal scholars are faculty members at harvard ?
what function is used by algorithms to define measurements like time or space ?
what omen was genghis khan reported to have seen assuring his coming victory against the tanguts ?
what are upper-level secondary schools called ?
what is the mortality rate of the modern bubonic plague ?
what did his design avoid in not having a commutator ?
when did internet pharmacies begin to come into being ?
what is almost identical across all nations and jurisdictions ?
what did the number of legions in roman times depend on ?
who might temüjin have been named after ?
when did martin luther protest the sale of indulgences to his bishop ?
in what year was the first commercial steam powered device invented ?
which famous germain renaissance painter and printmaker is represented in the drawings collection of the v & a ?
how populous is victoria compared to other australian states ?
when was geegen the emperor ?
in what year did priestley publish the findings of his experiments ?
what was the name of the time the upper rhine form a border between france and germany ?
what protection caused luther 's reformation to flourish ?
when did violence start in war ?
how long did project apollo run ?
what type of steam engine produces most electricity in the world today ?
what perk did religious leaders , teachers , and doctors get in the mongol empire ?
what can a teacher with 25 years of experience make , in euros ?
what department did kublai create to train doctors ?
khitan had been overthrown by which dynasty that genghis khan later defeated ?
who invented the first nuclear reactor ?
what ranking does the super bowl 50 halftime show have on the list of most watched tv broadcasts ?
who kicked a field goal for denver ?
when was consumption inequality lower than it had been in 1986 ?
what can construction projects suffer from ?
what can the growth elasticity of poverty depend on ?
what was the cost for a half minute ad ?
what do coastal beroids not have that other ctenophora have ?
how did denver score at the end of the drive ?
in what year was a set of significant rule changes introduced including the forward pass ?
who did rollo sign the treaty of saint-clair-sur-epte with ?
what museum preserves the memory of the crime ?
what was the reason the italian constitutional court gave that resulted in mr. costa losing his his claim against enel ?
what happened to the rate of deforestation in the amazon region of brazil between 2004 and 2014 ?
what do beriods use as teeth ?
how is lap provided by overlapping the admission side port ?
what equates to a squared integer according to polynomial time reduction ?
most power of what sort is generated by steam turbines today ?
in which case was a dutch national not entitled to continue receiving benefits when he moved to belgium ?
where does the name rhine derive from ?
what is this invisible radiant energy now known as ?
by sunlight , what compound did priestley concentrate on to make the gas he called " dephlogisticated air " ?
what will the " 50 " given to the super bowl winner weigh in pounds ?
in a computational problem , what can be described as a string over an alphabet ?
what constitutional change was considered ?
what doctor who spin-off only made it as far as a pilot episode ?
what other scientist influence frank burnet when he was formulating his theory of immunity ?
how much did the initial version of the sm weigh in pounds ?
what country does the moselle take the rhine to ?
how many nfl teams have gone 15-1 in one season ?
which pair of genghis khan 's sons were most rivalrous ?
if two thirds of the rhine flows through waal , where does the other third flow through ?
what food bacteria is an example of intracellular pathogenesis ?
what did iqbal fear would weaken the spiritual foundations of islam and muslim society ?
what storm had the most significant impact on jacksonville ?
where was the location of the 2003 rose revolution ?
what did josel ask the city of strasbourg to forbid the sale of ?
what is another name for an immune system 's improved response ?
who was made governor of samarqand ?
what has been characterized as arminian theology with an emphasis on the work of the holy spirit ?
what must a public school teacher have , at a minimum ?
according to lenin why must capitalistic countries have an imperialistic policy ?
what was the name of theodore roosevelt ’ s policy of imperialism ?
what japanese network did abc purchase a stake in in 1951 ?
what does it mean for a disease to be enzootic ?
along with the anglican church and uniting church , what religious denomination operates private schools in australia ?
what part of the rhine flows through north rhine-westphalia ?
when did herve serve as a byzantine general ?
how did king louis xv respond to british plans ?
what do pharmacy technicians depend on more and more ?
what part of the teaching council act requires registration ?
when did tesla first encounter alfred s. brown
what year was the first class taught at the university of chicago ?
when did abc adopt it 's iconic circle logo ?
what does high inequality go hand-in-hand with ?
how high did the doctor who theme go on the radio charts ?
what theory was arrived at in 1811 that presented the assumption of diatomic molecules ?
what was the national viewership reach of abc in 1958 ?
what conflicts did the ozone mitigation reduce ?
jacksonville began to suffer and decline after what major world event ?
what country has higher scores on standardized tests than the u.s. ?
what is the rhine gorge listed as ?
which french composer wrote ametrical music using prime numbers ?
what are auricles ?
humans in tropical environments were considered what ?
what did gou use for astronomy ?
what is the name of another type of modern primality test ?
where was the funeral held ?
what did tesla 's father originally want him to do ?
in the process of vaccination , what is introduced in order to develop a specific immunity ?
what did this agitation provide later generations material for ?
who was one of the earliest examples of civil disobedience against ?
where do most teachers get their credentials from ?
where did tesla move in 1881 ?
is the pope 's confessor a bishop ?
how is the time needed to obtain the solution to a problem calculated ?
what influences chloroplasts ' behavior ?
what fish living in the amazon river is known to bit humans ?
what are the 3 post popular libraries for undergraduates in the harvard system ?
when did income inequality begin to increase in the us ?
what rive joins the rhine in duisburg ?
when did richard dean adams make his inquiry ?
what city was the media event held for super bowl 50 ?
when was a doctor who prom performed ?
what series featured doctors from the revised version of doctor who ?
what kind of data did abc begin using in the 1970s to better target ads and programming for certain audiences ?
from what pad was apollo 5 launched from ?
when did hamas drive the plo out of gaza ?
what scientific field 's theory has received contributions from the steam engine ?
where can chloroplasts sometimes be found ?
what translation of luther 's is still used today ?
how many general principles does the social charter declare ?
what area differs from other areas in the united kingdom regarding education ?
if one computer model turns out correct , by what year would there be a nearly complete loss of rainforest in the amazon basin ?
at millingen aan de rijn where the rhine splits , what does it change it 's name to ?
what is needed to make combustion happen ?
what is most of the cleared land in the amazon region used for ?
how did the huguenots defend themselves ?
how is genghis khan written in pinyin ?
when did great britain lose its colonies in north america ?
what new orleans stadium was considered for super bowl 50 ?
what was another term used for the oil crisis ?
who developed the lithium-ion battery ?
who was the normans ' main enemy in italy , the byzantine empire and armenia ?
who is the producer of doctor who ?
what happened to his ribs in the accident ?
what kind of contract is given when the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction , while adhering to the performance specifications ?
how many professors does the warsaw university of technology employ ?
the reasons for the las two counties to be added are based on what ?
imperialism often divides countries by using which technique ?
why have some men avoided becoming teachers ?
what time do they normally have tea ?
what is a notable application of injectors today ?
how much of the population of earth ended up seeing the images of the earth and the moon ?
what dictionary contains a non- violent definition ?
what is the native format for the walt disney company 's us tv properties ?
for about how long would the extended lm allow a surface stay on the moon ?
warsaw 's national museum is one of the most what ?
when was bskyb 's digital service launched ?
what was the genghis khan 's characteristic approach to religious diversity ?
in what year did harvard president joseph willard die ?
how long until the provisional registration is upgraded , if requirements are met ?
where does the cold water mix with lake constance ?
what cultures were part of kublai 's administration ?
where will the 2009 international arts fair be held ?
in which year did a toxic waste spill from a european ship prompt the commission to look into legislation against waste ?
in what year did the apollo 1 cabin fire occur ?
where did british resettle many acadians ?
what is the name of the post-independence government school system in malaysia ?
what was the belief that maintaining motion required force ?
what army was pushing deep into polish territory to pursue the germans in 1944 ?
in the 1980s what was the population of the amazon region ?
when did luther introduce the new worship ?
how long has the concept of legal certainty been recognized as one of the general principles by the eu law ?
which end of the saxon garden is the tom of the unknown soldier located at ?
what was apple talk
what would the local council of newcastle like to link their local bike networks to ?
what band is considered by many to be the first black metal group ?
where was the continental edison company located ?
what are rhodoplasts ' phycobilin pigments combined into ?
on what date did the florida legislature decide against the plan to renovate the miami stadium ?
who is the field director of the nfl ?
what is the name of the trophy given to anyone who plays on the winning team in a super bowl ?
what is included with each packet label
how is income inequality generally viewed by workers ?
what role did michael oppenheimer have in the ipcc 's reports ?
when was europe 's last major epidemic ?
what church runs some private schools in victoria ?
what did the museum acquire from the royal college of science ?
which doctor who-related song reached number one in the uk ?
what did tesla work on in 1888 ?
with whom must someone who wants to teach register ?
what is violating a law which is not the goal of the protest called ?
where was montcalm focusing the defense for new france ?
how was tesla 's mechanical oscillator powered ?
what do conquering people pass down to native populations ?
what company relaunched who wants to be a millionaire as a syndicated program ?
what period did plates reverse directions to compress the tethys floor ?
what was the period called that was 505 million years ago ?
what kind of service is the skydrive service ?
what was the teacher 's role while the child was with them ?
what was considered responsible for the black death as well as the epidemic in southern china ?
how many interceptions are the panthers defense credited with in 2015 ?
when did the age of imperialism end ?
what company was in its last year for getting super bowl commercials at a big discount ?
where on the side are the two cast courts located ?
what is one of the largest city center shopping complexes in the uk ?
where did the congregation at st. george 's initially meet in 1767 ?
what was the forerunner of the modern-day ieee ?
what was the theme of super bowl 50 ?
what ethnic neighborhood in fresno had primarily japanese residents in 1940 ?
what did luther 's degree in 1509 concern ?
what type of heritage does tyneside have ?
what sometimes follows moving chloroplasts ?
what medical treatment is used to increase oxygen uptake in a patient ?
along with internal combustion engines , what machines have superseded steam in some areas ?
in what decade did abc finish transitioning to color ?
which two groups have cells bound by inter-cell connections and membranes , muscles , a nervous system and sensory organs ?
outside of its use of automobiles , what else is southern california famous for using ?
when did the steven spielberg movie duel first debut ?
what do people with lower income have less access to ?
in addition to watt , boulton and smeaton , whose engine was an atmosphere design ?
what type of cascade results when complement proteins bind to microbes and activate their protease activity ?
the outside of the cm was covered in what kind of material ?
where was the location of the colonial government that administered the new colony ?
in what state is oxygen shipped in bulk ?
what idea was tesla a fan of ?
how much money was to go to dumont television network under goldenson 's merger plan ?
which sized cars were the least demanded cars in the crisis ?
what anniversary of the pokémon franchise was celebrated during the super bowl ?
when did kublai attack xiangyang ?
who asked luther to teach theology at the university of wittenberg ?
what was one of theories as to what caused tesla 's father 's unspecified illness ?
what does a big o notation hide ?
what did did article 34 discriminate against in procureur du roi v dassonville ?
who sold the rights ?
what is the term for an indian private school ?
what field of computer science is primarily concerned with determining the likelihood of whether or not a problem can ultimately be solved using algorithms ?
where is the george w. bush presidential library ?
what did luther deny the rebels ?
what costumes collection did the v & a acquired in 2002 ?
what is the name of the satellite that measured the amount of dust ?
newton was the number one pick in which draft ?
what type of climate does kenya have ?
which theorem would be invalid if the number 1 were considered prime ?
how many tackles did luke kuechly register ?
what company filed a complaint with the fcc in 1934 concerning problems establishing new stations ?
why is warsaw 's flora very rich in species ?
what was the name of du pont 's gunpowder operation ?
which two generals raided the caucasas and kievan rus ' for genghis khan ?
when had the plague reached alexandria ?
when did abc and disney 's television relationship lapse ?
what countries is corporal punishment still a normal practice ?
what symbol was employed until early in the 20th century ?
what tribe uses gps devices to map lands ?
what does the lobata have pair of ?
who shared sideline duties with evan washburn ?
when did the three advocate generals argue that directives should create rights and duties for all citizens ?
what sport attracts most tourists to jacksonville ?
no appointment is official fixed until what occurs ?
the " 50 " given to the super bowl winner is plated with how many karats of gold ?
what work of luther 's became popular ?
how did luther respond after being asked if the books were his ?
how many residents were recorded in the 2010 census of jacksonville ?
if the teacher focuses on maintaining order , what does this take time away from ?
who is the only other afc champion team to wear road jerseys in a super bowl ?
what kind of immune system do bacteria have ?
what school did both hank marvin and bruce welch attend ?
in order to be considered in the top percentile , a person would need to amass how much money each year ?
what alumni member also write the bestseller before i fall ?
when was the duchy of normandy founded ?
when did the jin dynasty end ?
how many phases was the metro opened in between 1980 and 1984 ?
what is the name of the water body that is found to the east ?
how many yards was the missed field goal ?
where did he work on the oscillators ?
what type of conservation effort is gaining attention in the amazon ?
the smaller streams are used for what ?
abc aired symphony performances by what conductor ?
what did the hamas charter uncompromisingly encourage ?
what is heralded by the sounding of the division bell ?
what types of medications do specialty pharmacies stock ?
when did opec start to readjust oil prices ?
what feature will enrich the the pedestrian friendly environment after restoration ?
what does rajan feel has created deep financial fault lines ?
in the effort of maintaining a level of abstraction , what choice is typically left independent ?
how much saharan dust is blown and falls upon the caribbean sea each year ?
what played during the closing credits of the doctor who episodes ?
in contrast how were catholic saints portrayed ?
when did isil pledge allegiance to al-qaeda ?
how many people are likely to visit justin herman plaza during the week of the super bowl ?
who compiled the original surviving apollo 11 landing data ?
what was used to sod the levi 's stadium for super bowl 50 ?
when were x-rays discovered ?
who lectured at the newcastle library on the 20th of october in 1880 ?
which network regained the ratings lead in america in 1984 ?
what denomination is the diocesan school for girls in auckland affiliated with ?
what is the second most abundant element ?
what does the umc endorse under strict and effective international control ?
when was earthenware movable type invented ?
where would profits go in this new company ?
who was margaret 's husband ?
what is one example of what a clinical pharmacist 's duties entail ?
what type of destination is the area around grey 's monument ?
what were the three parts of kublai 's government ?
at what point in luther 's sermons did schurf write to the elector ?
who was the most valuable player of super bowl 50 ?
what part the composition of the earth 's atmosphere is comprised of oxygen ?
what influence did al banna wish to eliminate from the muslim world ?
what project structures assist the owner in integration ?
what usually takes reenergized electrons ?
what can concentrated oxygen produce ?
what did joseph haas say in his email ?
what is the name of the quarterback who was 38 in super bowl xxxiii ?
how many interceptions did manning have at the end of the game ?
what kind of state was the khwarezmia ?
what did lavoisier perceive the air had lost as much as the tin had gained
when was the soundtrack for series 5 released ?
what are phycobilins ?
other than the motion picture and television industry , what other major industry is centered in los angeles ?
what is the youngest student a teacher might have ?
who was the world 's second largest oil producer ?
by separating faith and reason , what does luther honor ?
when did the venetians take total control of cyprus ?
where did singer hold a press conference in may 2000 ?
what religion is st cuthbert 's high school dominated by ?
what can result in more equal distribution of income ?
helper and regulatory t cells can only recognize antigens coupled to what kind of molecules ?
what type of entrepreneurship leads to advancements in technology ?
what is the united methodist church ?
what was the name of the mongol empire 's legal code ?
what kind of university is the california institute of technology ?
what sort of engines utilized the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing system ?
what did the ipcc say was mistaken ?
how many affiliated stations does abc currently have ?
who developed the same technology as baran
what was the harvard endowment total in 2011 ?
what are the wave-particles called that mediate all electromagnetic phenomena ?
what approach did oppenheimer advocate ?
what does a country acquire as it develops ?
hobson argued that imperialism was an international what ?
what are plants with plastid gene transformations called ?
how many elements did aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere to be made up of ?
who tackled the carolina panthers ' quarterback just before the end of the first half ?
what does afc stand for ?
who designed salamanca ?
which university has its origins in a school dealing with medicine and surgery ?
what were the yuan armies too weak to stop ?
what treaty took the place of constitutional treaty ?
who was the sideline reporter for espn deportes ?
what has had a negative impact on the labor markets in the us ?
what do the reactive forms of oxygen produce in organisms ?
how did the unequal treatment of chinese versus mongols in the yuan make the dynasty seem ?
what did luther say would allow the jews to stay ?
what is the scale used to measure the strength of hurricanes called ?
what persons were not allowed to settle in new france ?
the national art library at the v & a is known by what other name ?
what range of years was the current warming compared to ?
what was the main radio network in the 1940s in america ?
how many first downs did denver have ?
what class of t cells recognizes intact antigens that are not associated with mhc receptors ?
what is sky+ hd material broadcast using ?
what are engines using four expansion stages known as ?
what words to they think are linked to the work kenya ?
residential construction can generate what is not carefully planned ?
what period was 2.5 million years ago ?
what can rubisco do by mistake ?
when did the fourth doctor appear on cd ?
what is the largest city in all of california ?
in which year was the animal locomotion collection created ?
along with dan fouts , who served as a color analyst for the radio broadcast ?
who was the president of upt in 1951 ?
what is the population of los angeles ?
what commemorates warsaw 's heroic history ?
what is considered an all graduate profession in scotland ?
when rock folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways , when it buckles downwards it creates what ?
in what era did some members of this community emigrate to the us ?
how much money did john jacob astor iv provide tesla with ?
the church states that , as christians , they are aware that neither the way of what is righteous before god ? "
who did the ottoman empire ally with in ww i ?
which sitcom produced a spinoff for abc after ending its run in 1984 ?
what is kmj now referred to ?
under which policy are labor unions encouraged ?
what does the islamic state lack from the international community ?
how did luther show the trinity in his catechisms ?
how many academic minors does the university grant in total ?
who made up 19 % of the student body in the 2012 spring quarter ?
in gebhard v consiglio ... milano , the requirements to be registered in milan before being able to practice law would be allowed under what conditions ?
who has the power to initiate legislation within the european union ?
how far is jacksonville from miami ?
what did mitsubishi rename its forte to ?
where are health and social problems most common ?
what is the goal of individual civil disobedience ?
what performer lead the super bowl xlviii halftime show ?
who wrote " the hidden prosperity of the poor " ?
what was elway 's final game as the denver quarterback ?
building construction is usually further divided into what categories ?
what chess grandmaster is also a university alumni ?
in august 1994 , what toledo , ohio affiliate did abc purchase ?
how much money was francovich allowed to claim from the italian goverment in damages ?
who ended the series in 1989 ?
in what year was there an attempt to withdraw the umc membership ?
which british sculptor whose work include the queen victoria memorial in front of buckingham palace is included in the v & a collection ?
how many registered nurses were in kenya in 2011 ?
who had established the russian empire to its former glory prior to 1921 ?
what else was used by pharmas ?
how many nations contain " amazonas " in their names ?
who receives higher salaries at private schools that charge higher tuition ?
why was tetzel seeking money in germany ?
who was a big star that abc was able to attract because of magnetophon technology ?
what other series mentioned returned with a plot continuation ?
what swiss city was the center of the calvinist movement ?
what show is considered the best drama that the bbc has ever produced ?
what do david castlles-quintana and vicente royuela do for a living ?
what part of chloroplasts is n't similar to mitochondria ?
which denomination has more of an individualistic streak ?
how many people belong to the university 's board of trustees ?
resources are constrained by hierarchy theorems to produce what ?
where are nearly all teachers taught ?
when was the new constitution promulgated ?
why do these defections occur ?
what is the upper range of annual fees for non-boarding students in british public schools ?
where is the highest point of the rhine basin ?
what prize did peter higgs win ?
peroxides , nitrates and dichromates are examples of what type of compounds ?
in what year is the oldest pharmacy said to have been established ?
who asked luther to return to the city ?
where did france win a war in the 1950 's
what color were the bronco 's uniforms in super bowl 50 ?
which species are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals ?
what are the three primary expressions used to represent case complexity ?
a complexity resource can also be described as what other type of resource ?
what is the minimum percent of alcohol content a german law requires all spirits and liqueurs to have ?
where can the treatise be found ?
what could anyone do to martin luther without legal consequence ?
what documentary was shown about doctor who ?
which area is responsible for the long-term preservation of the v & a collections ?
how many soldiers did genghis khan send against kuchlug and qara khitai ?
who was added to party as washington went on the way ?
who set aside seed funding for the week-long event leading up to the super bowl ?
what is the jelly-like susbtance called ?
over 100 egyptian police were victims of what group 's campaign of terror ?
what is the main difference between online pharmacies and community pharmacies ?
what second part of air was deemed lifeless by lavoisier ?
what is the term that describes the difference between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn ?
what is the afc short for ?
how many vice presidents are in the board of trustees ?
who defines what constitutes a patient-doctor relationship ?
what are other major fatality causes ?
how many days after gagarin 's flight did the us house committee on science and astronautics meet ?
what type of atmosphere helped fuel the fire throughout the cabin ?
what name was given to the western half of the colony ?
what was the name of bohemond 's nephew ?
when was the defeat of napoleonic france ?
how successful was the french revised efforts ?
who invented the notion of a steam engine 's duty ?
what is the only episode released on vcd ?
where did the exposition take place ?
what path does a ball thrown up and down in a moving vehicle take when seen by an outside observer ?
what country 's schools have codes of behavior that are very strict ?
what was french population in north america ?
where was french withdrawal to ?
where were interviews held while the parliament was in its temporary building ?
when were the finalists announced ?
who recovered tolbert 's fumble ?
what was the nickname given to the team samuel phillips was appointed to ?
what type of rally was held ?
what did temüjin 's mother emphasize in his lessons about mongolia 's volatile political climate ?
how many huguenots fled france by the 1700s ?
what objective would be labeled as practical ?
what treaty ended the wars of religion ?
which company is the gallery of japanese art named after ?
in what year did savery patent his steam pump ?
how many metric tons of carbon are believed to be stored in the amazon forest ?
how many africans were brought into the united states during the slave trade ?
boycotting , refusing to pay taxes , sit ins , and draft dodging all make what harder ?
who headlined the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
what animals does the vistula river 's ecosystem include ?
other than the steamboat , what modern form of travel brought visitors to florida ?
where was the space task group located ?
what is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing nations ?
when did dfds terminate its services to norway ?
what year was the university 's first president given his position ?
what was used to accelerate the tungsten pellets ?
how many appearances have the denver broncos made in the super bowl ?
what differs about secondary chloroplasts ' membranes ?
where does the rhine encounter it 's tributary the neckar ?
how high in miles did the first block , as-201 , reach when launched ?
how many rival princes were involved in assassinating gegeen ?
what 's the name of newcastle 's gay club scene ?
where is the largest number of tourist coming from ?
in 2004 the orange revolution occurred in what country ?
scholars stated that there was already an existing settlement between 2 parties prior to which date ?
what is the nickname of the female master ?
what problem did some tree ring data have ?
what station did the 20th anniversary special show before being shown on bbc ?
what probiotic flora is found in unpasteurized yogurt ?
what are outcomes expected with medication therapy management ?
who provided a definition of linear bounded automata in 1960 ?
what do donated genes give evidence of ?
who called themselves the " people 's president " ?
what company did the abc network 's parent company merge with in the 1980s ?
when was this naturalization act passed ?
who are the un-elected subordinates of member state governments ?
who was hired to produce abc 's 2001-02 identity ?
under what condition is an element irreducible ?
how many factors of health and social problems did wilkinson and pickett identify ?
who is responsible for education in the country of australia ?
which country was the last to receive the disease ?
what is the name of the bungie inc. founder who is also a university graduate ?
how many people did the islamic state control the territory of as of march 2015 ?
how many housing units were there in 2000 ?
what person argues that civil disobedience is used to describe everything ?
what british general negotiated at montreal ?
who recorded " walking in fresno ? "
what was the white population of jacksonville as of 2010 ?
what was the title of abc 's broadcast film program that debuted on sundays in 1962 ?
what were the cultural origins of the engineers and technology adopted by the mongol military ?
what did the engineers fear would be difficult in space due to it never being attempted in earth orbit ?
what kind of university is the university of chicago ?
when was a vote help to ratify the change to the constitution ?
who created abc 's wide world of sports ?
what did the civil war leave the state of afghanistan 's economy in ?
what can hurt a teacher 's mental and physical health ?
which thesis questions the pope 's actions in building the basilica of st. peter with the money of the poor ?
what country uses the bowl of hygieia as a symbol of pharmacy ?
what was the average family size ?
the merger between itt and abc was suspended after a complaint was filed by whom in july 1967 ?
what meteorologist was also apart of the university 's faculty ?
what was the name of watt 's partner ?
when did the north american french and indian war end ?
how much weight could the saturn ib send into space with this amount of thrust ?
when did philip i convene an assembly to set doctrine in the protestant states ?
what are internet pharmacies also called ?
which young general did genghis khan send to conquer qara khitai ?
when was the apollo project conceived ?
in addition to endowments and tuition , how do boarding schools cover their operating costs ?
newcastle served as a northern fortress for which country during the middle ages ?
when did the partnership between tesla , lane and vail form ?
what is the derivative of an object 's changing momentum called ?
which awards show has its rights rotated among the four major networks on a yearly basis ?
what is the un 's climate change treaty ?
what canadian investor sought abc 's help in launching a station in 1960 ?
what regions do the north-eastern part of the country boarder ?
who decided not to approve paying for renovations at sun life stadium that the league wanted for them to do to host super bowl 50 ?
when was opec production of oil being surpassed ?
what 's the name of where the rhine branches off near dordrecht ?
when did the theater in newcastle originally open ?
when was the french and indian war ?
what was president kennedy put off by regarding the space program ?
what are some examples of territories where a member state is responsible for external relations ?
what was the average cost for a tv ad lasting 30 seconds during super bowl 50 ?
what religion did tesla grow up in ?
when did the fcc approve upt 's purchase of abc ?
under goldenson 's merger plan , what would the new entity be named ?
what did the early entrant program do for potential students ?
what complexity class is commonly characterized by unknown algorithms to enhance solvability ?
what is considered the mother church of american methodism ?
what is one result of civil rebellion ?
what theorem remains valid in unique factorization domains ?
what is the name of san francisco 's stadium when looked at as a possibility for super bowl 50 ?
what political response was convening in june/july 1754 ?
what was nicholas storch ?
what did john paul ii 's visits in 1979 and 1983 encourage ?
what kind of marriage was this ?
what was he hoping to stimulate with the toe squishing ?
capital city and abc sold the wxyz-tv and wfts-tv stations to what company ?
where does luther place salvation ?
how long did plague last in the ottoman empire ?
what is similar to literacy that a teacher would teach ?
who does edward said say is being attacked by us imperialism ?
what was the yuan dynasty called in mongolian ?
what is a ctenophora ?
what did he claim the weapon would end ?
who normally supervises a construction job ?
what type of immune cells help to destroy abnormal cells in tumors ?
how many fraternities are apart of the university ?
what is the most important type of norman art preserved in churches ?
who patronized the monks in italy ?
how many doctor who christmas specials have been shown ?
how many hymns did luther write based on the ten commandments ?
what are two official bodies of the umc governing coalition ?
the earthquake forecast models what features of earthquakes in california ?
who helped temüjin rescue his wife from the merkits ?
in what year was the lunar module ( lm ) dropped because it was n't seen as useful ?
how many huguenots were killed during this purge ?
how many tons of carbon are absorbed the amazon in a typical year ?
besides the analytic property of numbers , what other property of numbers does number theory focus on ?
in what two age groups is the strength of the immune system reduced ?
what was tugh 's chinese-style name ?
why is the public library known as a people 's university ?
jellyfish ans sea anemones belong to what phylum ?
it is generally assumed that a turing machine can solve anything capable of also being solved using what ?
what astronomers is also a university alumni member ?
who was the mvp of super bowl xli ?
who conducted the 2011 online vote ?
what is the break down of years at different level of education ?
who selected the first apollo crew ?
how many photographic plates comprise the animal locomotion collection ?
since thoreau was not a well known writer what happened when he was arrested ?
from what distance could the artificial thunder be heard .
why have mongolian politicians considered regulating the use of genghis khan 's name ?
what city served as poland 's capital in 1313 ?
what is economic liberalism one of the causes of ?
an msp may introduce a bill as what ?
the flushing action of what expels pathogens from the eyes ?
who presented the edict of worms declaring luther to be an outlaw ?
who was the first quarterback to take two teams to more than one super bowl ?
what is the french name for the rhine ?
what famous indian 's actions were considered civil disobedience ?
what do radical islamist organizations reject entirely ?
when did french republicans back building the french empire ?
when was the scottish constitutional convention held ?
what elements from the rift system in the alpine orogeny in southwest germany ?
sky uk limited is formerly known by what name ?
who is the trophy featured on the logo named for ?
when did bskyb launch it 's hdtv service ?
what is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity ?
which direction does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany ?
what number did early greeks not regard as a true number ?
in what year was direct ascent the primary mission focus at nasa ?
who did gegeen appoint as grand chancellor ?
after the rhine emerges from lake constance , what direction does it flow ?
what was the only region in europe not conquered by the germanic tribes ?
how many actors have played doctor who ?
what is the unproven assumption generally ascribed to the value of complexity classes ?
what was added to the the church of st. andrew in 1726 ?
who calculated the speed of light ?
what are the two abc affiliates for kansas city , missouri ?
what is a common practice in official corporal punishment ?
how many nfl teams have finished the regular season with one loss ?
along with 10 cloverfield lane , what paramount trailer appeared during the super bowl ?
when did the herald tribune publish its tesla article ?
which descendant of genghis khan sacked baghdad ?
what are free-to-air encrypted broadcasts known as ?
what do cydippids use to capture their prey ?
what type of education is home schooling ?
how many medieval warm period reconstructions covered 1,000+ years ?
_____ helps the biospher from uv .
if polynomial time can be utilized within an np-complete problem , what does the imply p is equal to ?
what do concentric unstacked thylakoids surround ?
what halftime performer previously headlined super bowl xlvii ?
what does it mean when a harmonic series diverges ?
what is a major importance of southern california in relation to california and the united states ?
what article was published in 1937 ?
wbai 's broadcasting some of george carlin 's comedy eventually led to what ?
the largest construction projects are known as what ?
what were shipbuilding and engineering important to newcastle for in the 19th century ?
when was the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation ( srex ) issued ?
university of chicago scholars played a major part in what development ?
whose control of the uk 's government helped fuel a desire for a scottish parliament ?
what did disney rename capital city/abc after first acquiring the company ?
who was influential in promoting the use of chemical compounds as medicines ?
how soon after the cabin fire incident did nasa create its accident review board ?
what was the american timothy dexter widely regarded as ?
which major cities in eastern europe were not destroyed by the mongol invasion ?
when was the last use by bach of luther 's work ?
what items comprise the john jones collection ?
though turabi proclaimed his support for the democratic process , he strictly applied what after coming into power ?
in 1949 , upt was forced to become an independent entity by whom ?
other than l.a. which other county do many people commute to ?
how many tree species were found in one square kilometer of ecuadorian rainforest in 2001 ?
what needs to be avoided with civil disobedience ?
what does a teacher need to be with regards to their subject matter ?
to which period is the largest item from italy that is included in the sculpture collection dated ?
what did decnet phase 2 become
why are chloroplasts of interest in gmo crops ?
when did the yuan begin using bronze printing plates for its money ?
what is the prophecy in daniel that interested luther ?
how many granal thylakoids can be in each granum ?
what bridge had a model of it at the super bowl opening night ?
who was mueller replaced as associate administrator ?
how did celeron feel about native relations ?
what chemical element was the cause of the apollo 1 disastrous outcome ?
where was luther buried ?
who does bskyb have an operating license from ?
when were luther and his prospective bride engaged ?
what year is the earliest traces of the color crimson at harvard ?
what did he do for $ 2 a day ?
when did tesla begin working for the continental edison company ?
what doctor who mini-episode was shown during the prom ?
imperialism is responsible for the rapid spread of what ?
soon after gaining florida , what did the english do ?
who designed the " 50 " ?
who is the parent company of nds ?
which of abc 's main production facilities is located in new york city ?
what theorem was implicated by manuel blum 's axioms ?
which pope sought to undermine luther 's theories ?
when was the edict of worms presented ?
what was goldenson 's 1991 book about abc titled ?
in what compound is oxygen found in small amounts in the atmosphere ?
what is the mongolian name of the first mongolian laws codified in writing ?
what do ctenophores have that no other animals have ?
what is engineering news-record ?
which video gaming company debuted their ad for the first time during super bowl 50 ?
which us president visited jacksonville in 1888 ?
what was dificult to reconcile the photoelectric effect and the missing ultraviolet catastrophe ?
what did carolina face in the opening drive that they had not faced the entire postseason ?
where do clinical pharmacists work with patients ?
the black plague ravaged europe for three years followed by what country ?
who redesigned the central garden ?
who did the parliament rent additional buildings from ?
changes in rainfall reduced what kind of vegetation cover in the amazon basin ?
what limits the rankine cycle 's efficiency ?
who founded the muslim brotherhood ?
how do cryptophyte chloroplasts arrange their pyrenoid and thylakoids ?
where was the fis formed ?
how long is the rhine ?
where is the apostles located ?
when was the first sino-japanese war ?
what mountain range did genghis khan cross to enter the khwarezmian empire ?
who might take disciplinary action against a teacher ?
when was kenya electricity generating company established ?
what is another name for state route 168 ?
how many earthquakes does southern california experience in a year ?
the majority of building construction jobs are what ?
the center in paris is located near what river ?
what was the first international event broadcast by abc ?
what was the name of bskyb 's digital service launched under ?
downtown burbank is an example of what kind of district ?
what is colonialism 's core meaning ?
who played the companion named donna noble ?
decision problems capable of being solved by a deterministic turing machine while maintaining adherence to polynomial time belong to what class ?
what is the name of the river that is completely contained inside jacksonville ?
the production of what signalling molecules is regulated by the immune system ?
what percentage of british children are educated at gsce level in fee-paying schools ?
because of the gold theme , what was super bowl 50 known as ?
antibodies are transferred to the gut of the infant through what means ?
how many hymns did luther contribute to the erfurt enchiridion ?
how many lakes are there in warsaw ?
what is another function that primes have that the number 1 does not ?
the hardest problems in np can be analogously written as what class of problems ?
killer t cells can only recognize antigens coupled to what kind of molecules ?
the v & a 's youth outreach programme was a hallmark of whose directorship ?
what company confirmed that beyoncé would participate in the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
what does the name fresno mean in spanish ?
what month and year was apollo 13 launched ?
who runs the university of chicago ?
in 2011 , who was the first player to be chosen in the nfl draft ?
when was the regime in pakistan overthrown by general zia-ul-haq ?
how big are phycobilisomes ?
what do some researchers believe is the earliest-diverging animal phylum is ?
which entity focused upon the free movement of workers ?
what was nikola tesla 's ethnicity ?
cytokine tbf-b suppresses the activity of what cell types ?
how successful was initial effort by braddock ?
what is the legislature of the european union comprised of ?
what are two examples of nonself entities in accordance with frank burnet 's theory ?
what year did the first manned apollo flight occur ?
what is one problem with internet pharmacies ?
how many academic research divisions does the university of chicago have ?
within the eu , which court believes they have the final word deciding on eu 's competence ?
what kind of measurements define accelerlations ?
in the wake of the jacksonville fire , what did the florida governor do ?
which theory of einstein 's did tesla speak critically toward ?
when was the newsmagazine 20/20 first created ?
what was the civil disobedience performed at the test site ?
what did giving money to the church absolve the giver from ?
what bargain did his father make with him if tesla recovered ?
inspired by shelley what was the name of gandhi 's doctrine ?
when was the prime number theorem proven ?
what is the type of oxygen production for emergency oxygen in airlines ?
how many coordinating lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have ?
who taught temüjin early lessons about politics in mongolia ?
what event followed the battle ?
which book by edward said portrayed the east as being the " others ? "
to which year is the gloucester candlestick dated ?
what pushes businesses to increase pressures on workers ?
what is a term for schools that receive government assistance ?
what is the roman numeral going to be for super bowl 51 ?
what do the services given by pharmacists provide ?
in what language was most of the statement written ?
how did luther respond to agricola ?
what would type of activities would require a teacher to take on a supervisor role ?
what team had 244 yards in super bowl xxxv ?
in the united states the umc ranks as the largest what ?
what position does von miller play for the denver broncos ?
what is 'grey literature ' ?
where is the sculpture gallery now located ?
where did the broncos practice for the super bowl ?
how many seconds were left in the game when the patriots failed their 2-point conversion ?
what had luther 's community done to jews years earlier ?
what political party is strongest in melbourne 's working class suburbs ?
what are three kinds of phagocytes ?
who headlined the halftime show for super bowl 50 ?
what is the central business district of san diego ?
how many touchdowns did newton have in 2015 ?
what even is the earliest known reference to immunity ?
who did martin luther marry ?
which tribe did temüjin move in with at nine years of age ?
what was the name of the doctor who-related song released in 1988 ?
how many people work for kunskapsskolan schools ?
what is the other nhl team aside from the anaheim ducks to reside in southern california ?
how many people could apollo be projected to hold ?
when was the british nationality act passed ?
was the skylab assembled on earth 's surface or in space ?
what was the source of the rhine in the last ice age ?
what is the second phase of the digitization project ?
who created the nation 's first aviation community ?
who can enforce the european union law when member states provide lesser rights ?
how many study contracts were awarded on october 25th ?
what is the alpine valley that the rhine flows through ?
where does the middle rhine flow between bingen and bonn ?
how many soldiers were in each tumen ?
what color pants did the broncos wear in super bowl 50 ?
what is the search feature on the v & a website called ?
how similar was the lisbon treaty to the constitutional treaty ?
the mountain ranges tail off into what kind of geographical formation ?
how high are victoria 's alpine regions ?
there are 34 cities in southern california that have a population exceeding what number ?
when did luther write an extreme treatise against the jews ?
which californio is located in the upper part ?
in what year did abc stylize it 's logo as abc ?
what is the mongolian spelling of genghis khan ?
if roman numerals were used , what would super bowl 50 have been called ?
who shared sideline reporting duties with mark malone ?
what is the grace that we receive by faith and trust in god ?
what happened when cyanobacteria was assimilated ?
how many megaregions are there in the united states ?
who were the espn deportes commentators for super bowl 50 ?
most imperialism was carried out using which method of transport ?
for what occasion was he put on the cover ?
what are the laws of physics of galileo , in reference to objest in motion and rest ?
approximately how many european oil paintings does the museum have ?
what did the non-afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige ?
with what word was tesla 's sociability described ?
what nationality was konstantin mereschkowski ?
what football associated thing started at justin herman plaza in january ?
what type of bat that lives in the amazon rainforest can spread rabies ?
constitutional impasse is distinct from what key term ?
what is the name of one type of modern primality test ?
how many rooms does the warsaw historical museum have ?
what is needed to pack electrons densely together ?
what could be attributed to gravity acceleration around the earth ?
the rhine and what other river were accepted as the germanic frontier ?
a small fraction of the cold water flow from lake constance goes to what other lake ?
who was responsible for the decorations of the grill room ?
what happened to the east india trading company in 1767 ?
what are the exchanged particles predicted by the standard model ?
what was the name of the eastern half of the colony of 1788 ?
when was manning picked # 1 in the nfl draft ?
who did abc sell it 's recording division to in 1979 ?
what is the roman numeral for 50 ?
how long are students required to learn welsh ?
what did he believe the ether did ?
what does abc on demand disallow for online viewers ?
where was william iron arm 's castle located ?
in what year did john and charles wesley come to america to teach the gospel ?
what german poet was descended from huguenots ?
what kind of sending technology is being used to protect tribal lands in the amazon ?
what was iqbal studying in england and germany ?
what was the name of the fund setup to help with investing in the community ?
when was this edict declared ?
in modern times , firms may offer themselves as what for a construction project ?
who wrote the mutants ?
jesmond and heaton are areas filled predominantly with what ?
beginning how many years ago did the amazon rainforest extend 45 degrees south ?
what project did leonard goldenson offer to invest in before the canadian radio-television commission ruled against abc ?
what types of organizations are on a decline in the us which adversely effects economic mobility ?
what is another notable university in warsaw after the university of warsaw ?
when many people are arrested , what is a common tactic negotiating ?
what were the names of tesla 's new partners ?
what new typeface was created for abc for use in advertising ?
what was the number of customers that the bbc reported had yet to receive the service due to failed deliveries ?
how many times has polonia won the cup ?
what are the most abundant kind of phagocyte ?
what does the pink triangle have a range of ?
what did the license to build this type of car expire in 2011 ?
focus on what is to ameliorate the many problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry .
who picked off cam newton and subsequently fumbled the ball ?
in what year did jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont patent a water pump for draining mines ?
what caused the separation of the methodists in the american colonies ?
who did the broncos beat in the divisional game ?
is the focus on spiritual mentorship in hinduism high or low ?
what house was the site of a weaving school in canterbury ?
what super bowl did rivera play in as a player ?
what streets are contraflows to be implemented on in newcastle ?
what are the eight sermons called that luther preached in march 1522 ?
what is the time period of this statistic ?
blue ribbons in the logo were used to represent which division of abc ?
what was the verdict on other alleged errors ?
who was a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in ancient greece ?
who were the sculpture galleries that opened in 2006 named after ?
what is the goal of the capabilities approach ?
in march 2015 , how many owned-and-operated stations did abc have ?
at what time is the harvard-yale rivalry set aside ?
which bound of time is more difficult to establish ?
what was tesla 's position with westinghouse ?
who is the quarterback for the panthers ?
where did abc construct it 's transmitter for its affiliate station in san francisco ?
what do n't chloroplastidan chloroplasts have ?
what was the overly generous royalty amount that tesla had been receiving ?
the present mediterranean sea descends from what sea ?
how high is the highest point in warsaw ?
what was the name of the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction ?
when was the deportation of acadians ?
approximately how many british watercolours are in the v & a collection ?
other than the san jacinto fault , and the elsinore fault , name one other fault .
what is the status of most chloroplast genes in the mitochondrion ?
what was the end of the war of the austrian succession ?
after an eventful and tiring year for the world during 1968 , what type of ending to the year did the images from space provide ?
how long was each doctor who episode in the 2005 revival series ( including ads ) ?
how many horsepower was watt 's engine ?
what was tesla 's brother 's name ?
how effective was the military use of the " afghan arabs " ?
which mobile service were verizon customers able to watch super bowl 50 on their phones ?
what direction did watson say the mistake went in ?
how many narrow gauge rail lines were previously government owned ?
in what year did harvey martin die ?
what event took away his ability of speech ?
when was a study conducted of swedish counties ?
which city is the most populous in california ?
what was the focus of season 20 of doctor who ?
what is the benefit of red algae being red ?
where did moncalm slip away to attack , left largely unprotected ?
what did the dutch health authorities regard as unnecessary in geraets-smits v stichting ziekenfonds ?
issues dealt with at westminster are not ones who is able to deal with ?
what is the total make up of fish species living in the amazon ?
what did some of the islamist groups supported by the west later become to be seen as ?
what does the ctenophora use to swim ?
when did holden announce that it will close its victoria plant ?
what naval battles did france lose in 1759 ?
where was tesla 's laboratory established ?
in what year did the first abc identification card have a 3d appearance ?
when did the huguenots secure the right to own land in the baronies ?
what immune system is activated by the innate response ?
how many yards did the interception gain when the ball was tipped away from manning ?
what lineage is karenia in ?
who was the game 's leading rusher ?
who is also known at the father of the hydrogen bomb ?
who said , " here i stand . i can do no other " ?
what is the name of a bodhisattva vow ?
what is the united states busiest commercial port ?
how many botanical gardens does warsaw have ?
when was the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) issued ?
newcastle was one of the first cities in the world to have what innovation ?
what type of civil disobedience is commonly accepted ?
what did the gulf war inadvertently do in the early 1990s ?
what did luther use as accompaniment to his hymns ?
what is one criminal behavior that is hard to stop by authorities ?
when was ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov ?
what is the name of a teacher in tibetan buddhism ?
what is an autoimmune disease that affects women preferentially ?
how many destinations are available worldwide from newcastle 's airport ?
where hotel did the panthers stay at ?
how far is newcastle 's airport from the center of town ?
what position does danny trevathan play ?
how many professional schools does the university of chicago have ?
what type of physics model did einstein fail to make ?
what factor may make a teacher 's role vary ?
along with geothermal and nuclear , what is a notable non-combustion heat source ?
in what year did nikola tesla emigrate to the united states ?
which network broadcasted super bowl 50 in the u.s. ?
who hosted the bandstand show debuted on abc in 1957 ?
what western was a flagship program for abc around 1954 ?
who outbid general electric to provide light to the world 's columbian exposition ?
whose pass to jerricho cotchery was ruled incomplete ?
how did luther broaden the reformation in terms of prophecy ?
where does the secondary theory say most genes are kept ?
how many quadrangles does the main quadrangles have ?
what is an example of an enzyme that can transform skin cells into tumors when expressed at high levels ?
what was th elast super bowl where the broncos wore white uniforms ?
what cataloging system was used by the national art library from the 1980s to the 1990s ?
which artist has a piece of his artwork located at the fulton mall ?
when was martin luther born ?
what was the name of the imperialistic policy in china ?
what did abc do that was special in 2003 ?
who was the most valuable player of super bowl ii ?
when a pathogen has been eaten by a phagocyte it becomes trapped in what vesicle ?
what institute published findings in september 2012 regarding the forbes richest 400 americans ?
who came up with germ theory ?
what compounds can be masked with the molecules of the host cell in order for a virus to evade detection ?
what components raise steam temperature above its saturated vapor point ?
which countries were the european coal and steel community agreement between ?
how many teams can boast a 15–1 regular season record ?
what aspect of western medicine did the chinese dislike ?
who was the leader of russia in the 1960 's ?
when is the funfair held in newcastle ?
what kind of engines did the biplane design have ?
the papers of which famous english writer of children 's books such as the tale of peter rabbit are collected in the museum ?
in 1990 , what was the longest running primetime entertainment program in abc 's history ?
what can concentrate wealth , pass environmental costs on to society and abuse both workers and consumers ?
what language did the court of justice accept to be required to teach in a dublin college in groner v minister for education ?
how are the combs spaced ?
the success of pathogens is predicated on their ability to do what ?
what is the total cost of attendance in 2012-13 ?
who did emma marry ?
how did the education during the high school education movement differ from the subsequent high school education ?
what is rugby rapidly becoming with high schools ?
where did this pro-reform leader teach ?
what answer denotes that an algorithm has accepted an input string ?
what un organizations established the ipcc ?
what was ban ki-moon the secretary general of ?
what would have to be increased regarding the lm and csm for the last five missions ?
what value does the seperating into fermions and bosons depend ?
what advancements besides military technology did europe achieve ?
what is the name of the scheme that provides tuition and fee assistance to students due to excess enrollment ?
what portion of berlin 's population spoke french by 1700 ?
what does the bolinopsis generally eat ?
what theory accounted for the mercury problem ?
how many original treaties establishing the eu protected fundamental rights ?
during the bronco 's playoff games , who did not throw at all ?
how old was turkana boy ?
how many seasons did nypd blue last ?
where was the charles porter steam engine indicator shown ?
what is the low end of the temperature range in summer ?
where do chloroplasts pump hydrogen ?
where did france focus its efforts to rebuild its empire ?
who was the defensive coordinator for the broncos in 2015 ?
the administrators and directors gilruth , von braun and debus reported to who ?
building printing is making it possible to flexibly construct small commercial buildings and private habitations in what amount of time ?
what was the warsaw pact war plan ?
which logo was used for the third doctor who 's last season ?
what was the ratio of british settler to french ?
where did american troops remain stationed after saddam 's defeat ?
in which cardinal direction from los angeles is san diego ?
what was houghton 's role ?
what other two famous performers were part of the super bowl 50 halftime ?
at the time of martin luther what was in demand ?
who was drawn to jacksonville in the 1910s ?
when was the charter for this church signed ?
in 1952 , how many television stations were there in the united states ?
how many cathedrals does newcastle have ?
what parts of plants have chloroplasts ?
what type of prime distribution does the riemann hypothesis propose is also true for short intervals near x ?
how did france differ from britain in managing its colonies ?
the west side of fresno is the center of which ethnic community ?
what tv host and writer went to harvard ?
how many touchdowns did newton get in the 2015 season ?
what is circuit switching characterized by
who managed the original theatre royal in newcastle ?
what are ctenophora commonly known as ?
according to oxfam , the 85 richest people have wealth equal to how many average people ?
what can be seen between hadrons ?
how long is the section of the rhine near chur ?
what does china 's investment mean for kenya ?
in 1962 , who was responsible for the authorship of a paper published on real time-computations ?
what was the newer county added to the list ?
when was the latin version of the word norman first recorded ?
when was virgin media rebranded from ntl telewest ?
what do c4 plants need ?
what is victoria 's highest monthly temperature ?
where is the home of the sunnyside country club ?
in 1846 who 's natural history lectures were acclaimed in new york and harvard ?
how was the rhine gorge formed ?
when did he first mention wireless communication ?
in what year was the agreement to allow the saarland settlement reached ?
analysis of what kind of deposits from the amazon fan indicates a change in rainfall in the amazon basin ?
what university alumni member was known for his work on portfolio theory ?
where did the spring meetings of the nfl owners take place ?
what network assumed the rights to the miss america pageant in 2006 ?
what is the term for the highest living saint ?
what effect does trade with richer countries have on the workers in poorer countries ?
which fullback fumbled the ball after a darian stewart tackle ?
what work of luther 's is seen as a clear religious teaching ?
what month , day and year did super bowl 50 take place ?
what was the one linear hd channel virgin media carried from november 2006 to july 2009 ?
what factors negatively impacted jacksonville following the war ?
what is necessary to disobey ?
why were the uighurs ranked higher by the mongols ?
what part of the v & a collection does the henry cole wing houses ?
what was first battle in 1754 ?
where did the genoese traders bring the plague ?
who were temüjin 's three full brothers ?
in what year was the 40th anniversary of abc 's founding ?
when did the spanish and portuguese colonies gain their independance .
how many museums are in warsaw ?
who voted on the venue for super bowl 50 ?
whose chandelier grace the rotunda at the v & a 's main entrance ?
who performed the funeral for martin luther ?
which airport is home to the busiest single runway in the world ?
what drama program was canceled by abc after a bad midseason run in 2010-11 ?
what is the name of the property that designates a number as being prime or not ?
what type of treaty was the lisbon treaty ?
the cast courts display plaster casts of what objects ?
who fought in the french and indian war ?
how is dioxygen most simply described ?
what year was the ecsc agreement established ?
what does immunodeficiency cause ?
what ended the need for abc to maintain interests in other countries ?
how are cyanobacteria sometimes wrongly described ?
what does atp mean ?
although not a fuel ___ is the chemical compound the generates the most occurrence of explosions .
who did internet2 partner with
which newspaper 's parent company could not evade tax by shifting its residence to the netherlands ?
what cbs show followed the super bowl ?
how do cestids swim ?
who is the general manager for the broncos ?
what does the world 's first museum of posters have one of the largest collections of in the world ?
when did kenya obtain independence ?
who did disney sell the four newspapers that abc controlled to ?
what dilemma is a good example of moral civil disobedience ?
how many ways are available to help reduce the stress of teaching ?
what are the most powerful class of anti-inflammatory drugs ?
what image has become linked to doctor who ?
what members typically open debates ?
what method was used to clear forest for crop cultivation in the amazon forest ?
what is the name of the old north branch of the rhine ?
what are pd rings ?
who made their super bowl commercial debut with nintendo ?
who began publishing doctor who novels in 2005 ?
what is the canal in wesel ?
what did warner sinback decide
what is unusual about c4 plants ' chloroplasts ?
what was newcastle named as the most type of city in the uk ?
who is denver 's defensive coordinator ?
female sex hormones are immunostimulators of which immune responses ?
what was huihui ?
which group of ctenophore are are hardest to study ?
what company owns the american broadcasting company ?
what other topics can civil disobedience pertain to ?
outside of northern san diego , which other region contains business districts ?
in 1984 , abc purchased 15 % of what company 's shares in espn ?
what is the public library seen as to kenyans ?
what day did the apollo 11 crew return to earth ?
what first prompted the regeneration concept ?
who aide the reich in germany in antisemitism ?
what did gasquet think the plague was ?
the beginnings of digital television allowed what affiliate in wheeling , west virginia to begin airing abc programs digitally ?
what award was given to tesla ?
who was the scottish geologist that named mt kenya as mt kenia ?
disney paid for the jungle book , alice through the looking glass , and which other film trailer to be aired during the game ?
who is the city supervisor of san francisco ?
what does zhèng mean ?
the united states is divided into how many jurisdictions ?
in which case did a german man claim the right to live in netherlands where he was a volunteer plumber ?
at what super bowl did beyoncé headline the halftime show ?
how did der sturmer describe luther 's on the jews and their lies
who made early colour videos of the show ?
case complexities provide three likelihoods of what differing variable that remains the same size ?
how many total volumes are in the harvard library system ?
what was brown 's job ?
when did bskyb announce it 's intention to replace it 's free-to-air digital channels ?
what service is a videoguard uk equipped receiver dedicated to decrypt ?
who presented the mac to the scottish parliament when it was initially opened ?
when did costa v enel take place ?
how many full time teachers does victoria have ?
how old were some of the oldest rock samples found on the moon ?
the largest objects in the v & a ceramics and glass collection were produced during which time period ?
who other than tesla did westinghouse consider for the patents ?
what is god 's expression of eternal will , according to luther ?
how much did the ipcc third assessment report say sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100 ?
when did luther save the group of nuns from the convent ?
why was this bill nessecary ?
how many fumbles did von miller force in super bowl 50 ?
what is the largest stadium in australia ?
what is one part of the innate immune system that does n't attack microbes directly ?
why should disobedience by the general public be avoided ?
what type of opportunities would be expected from these counties ?
who , according to the text , caused cam newton to lose the ball during a tackle ?
who was the creator of the theme for the 50th anniversary special ?
what can proplastids become ?
any even number larger than what can not be considered prime ?
what are the main threats facing the amazon rainforest in the current century ?
what us war caused a high amount of civil disobedience ?
what year did levi 's stadium become fully approved to host super bowl 50 ?
what types of diseases are specialty drugs often used against ?
what is a secondary goal of pleading not guilty ?
which artist who had a major influence on the gothic revival is represented in the v & a 's british galleries ?
where were the narrow gauge rail lines built in victoria ?
how many cds does newcastle 's library have ?
in what treatment are nonconservative and conservative forces described ?
what did luther use to celebrate worship ?
what publication printed that the wealthiest 1 % have more money than those in the bottom 90 % ?
the kuznets curve says with economic development , inequality will decrease after what ?
what does the film of oxide on metals delay ?
what group was responsible for causing more violence in wittenberg ?
what is the worlds largest academic and private library system ?
what typeface are the letters in the iconic abc logo reminiscent of ?
what is the largest city of poland ?
what country was under the control of norman barons ?
in which year did the gallery devoted to chinese art open ?
what apollo mission was the sixth moon landing ?
when was spanish takeover of louisiana territory complete ?
early in the fourth quarter , the broncos drove to what yard line of the panthers ?
under what instances can individuals rely on primary law in the court of justice of european union ?
at what university 's facility did the panthers practice ?
how many companies were registered in warsaw in 2006 ?
when was zhu shijie born ?
who was the number two draft pick for 2011 ?
what soap operas did abc cancel in 2011 ?
when have lutheran churches repudiated luther 's statements about the jews ?
what is st. john 's cathedral an example of , stylistically ?
what type of insect employs the use of prime numbers in its evolutionary strategy ?
what two talk shows are currently featured during daytime programming on abc ?
how many sacks did derek wolfe register ?
how high was the stone wall built around newcastle in the 13th century ?
university city is an example of a business district located in which city ?
what is the nickname for abc 's logo from the 2000 campaign ?
who is given credit for discovering geoglyphs along the amazon river ?
what other areas did the apollo missions help spur advancements in ?
what level of economic mobility does the u.s. economy have compared to european countries ?
where was american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc headquartered after the merger ?
after the lisbon treaty , the charter and the convention now co-exist under what ?
how often do trains journey to king 's cross ?
what british tv network will carry the super bowl ?
what element did gay-lussac and von humboldt discover was present in twice the amount of oxygen in water ?
who does the statue of little insurgent commemorate ?
what are pharmacists in the united kingdom being increasingly paid for ?
how did the plague infiltrate alexandria ?
how many major bus stations are in the city of newcastle ?
what is the force between nucleons ?
who was new france 's governor ?
what were the protesters doing with christ 's counsel ?
how many inhabitants did betty meggers believe could occupy each square kilometre of the amazon ?
when was tesla 's innovative motor patented ?
what is the earliest known movie featuring scenes filmed outdoors in newcastle ?
what island does the cold water flow of the rhine and lake constance flow to ?
who was the second female nobel laureate ?
who was the uighur king of qocho ranked above ?
the port of long beach belongs to which region of california ?
why did natural sedimentation by the rhine compensate the transgression bby the sea ?
when the election produced an snp majority government , what was it the first occurrence of ?
how many panthers players were chosen for the 2015 season 's pro bowl ?
gosforth and byker are the largest shopping areas of what type ?
which show was voted most violent of the bbc shows in a 1972 survey ?
what did mongols worship ?
why did cbs turn down the pitch for the untouchables ?
what does phycoerytherin appear in ?
what color are the numbers in the super bowl 50 logo ?
that there currently exists no known integer factorization problem underpins what commonly used system ?
the mission council usually consists of whom ?
what did luther promise to do as a concession ?
who did abc sell the rights to all my children and one life to live to ?
what does the immune system protect against ?
who was appointed to head a team to find the problems north america had regarding manned space flight ?
when did archbishop albrecht send luther 's letter containing the 95 theses to rome ?
which apollo was the first testing of the lm , unmanned , in earth 's orbit ?
what consequence of establishing the scottish parliament applies to scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons ?
how far do the wildebeest migrate searching for food and water ?
in what year was the first known experiments on combustion and air conducted ?
what did luther identify the papacy as ?
where did tesla begin a new job at in 1882 ?
who do coordinating lead authors report to ?
to what gauge have some lines been changed in the west of victoria ?
what is the eighth most populous city in the nation ?
what is the active form of vitamin d known as ?
who did luther say that christians must not slacken in following ?
where was the practice place the panthers used for the super bowl ?
who made temüjin khan of the mongols ?
what does the armagnac manuscript in the v & a library archive depict ?
where is english spoken the most ?
what changed the rhine 's delta ?
what coach left the broncos after the season prior to super bowl 50 ?
who did luther call on to stop the revolt ?
where is the asian influence strongest in victoria ?
is the packet header long
what nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winner is also a university alumni member ?
who is an example of a sedentary people who were not favored by the laws of the mongol empire ?
where were schirra , eisele and cunningham relocated to after different astronauts were selected for the as-258 mission ?
some of the museum 's collection of korean boxes are inlaid with what objects ?
when was richard grainger actively building and developing ?
what kind of chloroplasts do euglenophytes have ?
what was the name of the count of apulia
how many french colonists were gained by british ?
which country rationed gasoline and heating gas ?
on what date was the record low temperature in fresno ?
what is the major tributary for the rhine ?
what was the advantage that the lor method produced in the event of a spacecraft failure ?
what was the first series to be televised in color on abc ?
where might committees meet outside of parliament ?
students build stronger relationships with what type of teachers ?
cydippids combs are controlled by what ?
what term do islamists think should be applied to them ?
what funds can not be used if a teacher is not registered ?
what gained ground when arab nationalism suffered ?
in what body of water is the harvard - yale regatta held ?
what does nadph store ?
how many modern types of primality tests for general numbers n are there ?
how did the islamic group 's campaign to overthrow the government turn out ?
what did this concept contradict
why is breathing oxygen in space craft not dangerous to health ?
which measure must be adopted when there is a choice between several ?
what are some existing facilities ?
how does victoria rank as to population density ?
what method is used to intuitively assess or quantify the amount of resources required to solve a computational problem ?
what is the largest type of misconduct being reviewed by the media ?
how many touchdowns did ronnie hillman make ?
what was the diameter of the saturn v in feet ?
beroida are known by what other name ?
how many invertebrate species are known in brazil alone ?
of what form are sophie germain primes ?
upon hearing the final product , what was the creator quoted as saying ?
how much do researchers now think sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100 ?
what effect does trade with poorer countries have on the workers in richer countries ?
how many people were lost in algiers during 1620-21 ?
when did watt finish the development of his improvements to newcomen 's engine ?
what are the points of algebro-geometric objects ?
how is packet mode communication implemented
which direction did romans use to drift through the rhine ?
what is a particular problem in biology that would benefit from determining that p = np ?
what percent of the global assets in 2000 were owned by just 1 % of adults ?
what did john dunn invent ?
what was disney-abc domestic television previously known as ?
what was the original name of california state university at fresno ?
who directed luther away from self-reflection and towards the merits of christ ?
why did the oil ministers agree to a cut in oil production ?
when was phags-pa script invented ?
the social chapter is a chapter of what treaty ?
william would eventually gain what throne ?
what award has marlee matlin won ?
vaccination exploits what feature of the human immune system in order to be successful ?
who stated a change of the length of the rhine ?
what percentage of total financial aid for undergraduates from harvard was in the form of grants ?
who did tesla partner with in 1886 ?
what can result in creating a poverty trap ?
against what does reactive oxygen play in plant defense ?
there are direct contractual links between who ?
on what english calendar is luther commemorated ?
by what main attribute are computational problems classified utilizing computational complexity theory ?
who elects the members of the european parliament ?
what was it called when tesla lit a wireless gas-discharge lamp using a high-frequency , high-voltage alternating current ?
the muslim brotherhood 's competence compares well against what type of local governments ?
what is strongly linked to good student-teacher relationships ?
when did the high school education movement occur ?
who was the first doctor to travel with a married couple ?
how many times less is the strenght of the weak field compared to the strong ?
even in large firms , architects , interior designers , engineers , developers , construction managers , and general contractors were more likely to be what ?
how many first downs did denver have for super bowl 50 ?
what increases entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ?
what country boarders the south of kenya ?
who masterminded many terror attacks ?
how much did it cost to build levi 's stadium ?
who was tesla 's main influence in karlovac ?
what is the name for the smaller streams along the region northern germany ?
what was roaring as newcastle was stormed ?
what yard line did the broncos stop the panthers on in their first offensive drive of super bowl 50 ?
what are the three main sources of european union law ?
in 2000 , abc started an internet based campaign focused on what ?
who was kublai khan 's grandfather ?
in what country can most of the amazon rainforest be found ?
what are two of its subsystems ?
which lineage includes land plants ?
when is the evolution festival hosted ?
petrologists identify rock samples in the field and where else ?
breaking down barriers to trade and enhancing the free movement of goods is meant to reduce what ?
what type of valve is used by recent safety valves ?
what general religious belief did the nations that received huguenot refugees have in common ?
what reality series was the first spinoff of the bachelor for abc ?
what are plastoglobuli made of ?
what is the term for the arrangement of two unpaired electrons in dioxygen ?
when did the deal between peck , brown and westinghouse take place ?
what metal was used in inalchuq 's execution ?
when was the old truman brewery founded ?
which broncos player intercepted newton on the panthers ' next set of downs ?
what shows us lost chloroplasts ?
in what city is sap center located ?
how many degrees south did the amazon rainforest reach from 66-34 mya ?
what collection was transferred to the museum when the new architectural history gallery opened ?
what journalist wrote an article defending doctor who ?
what does the fermat primality test depend upon ?
what was the henry cole wing previously called ?
what newcastle radio station is based at the great north children 's hospital ?
what association did tesla demonstrate his radio wave theories to ?
what are two factors that directly effect how powerful a turing machine may or may not be ?
who did noble acquire the rights to the american broadcasting company name from ?
what sort of motion did watt 's steam engine continuously produce ?
how long was each episode of doctor who ?
the oil crisis caused oil companies to increase oil supplies in which area ?
when was the rhine fully within the holy roman empire ?
what is the system by which prokaryotes retain phage gene fragments that they have previously come in contact with ?
what is the name of the law which imposed the speed limit ?
what was the first year that yale and harvard played football ?
when did the attack occur in which the normans impressed prince guaimar iii occur ?
when did luther write the large catechism ?
what was the name of new orleans ' superdome at the time that super bowl 50 took place ?
local church and certified are two types of what ?
who won the mvp for the super bowl ?
when did good morning america first debut ?
a single line connects san bernardino , riverside and what other county ?
when is the oldest armed seal of warsaw from ?
how did the drive end for the panthers ?
who sacked newton a few plays after the challenge ?
what does ctenophora mean in greek ?
the theatre collection starts from the time of which famous elizabethan playwright ?
what other catalysts can be used to produce oxygen ?
what does the urban education institute help run ?
the amazon rainforest makes up what amount of earth 's rainforests ?
the mother of which emperor was a concubine ?
what type of special doctor who shows have been shown each year since 2005 ?
why the narrow part of st. john 's river called cowford ?
what is the law named that defines a charge moving through a magnetic field ?
what does 'gram-negative ' mean ?
what archdiocese is warsaw the seat of ?
how many times can a time lord regenerate ?
what generally dictates the construction materials used ?
how many affiliates carry the abc network feed in 480i standard definition ?
what did paul baran develop
what report had the correct date ?
what sort of waves did he claim to observe ?
what is the area called where one plate subducts under another ?
what did the lmp acronym stand for regarding the block ii launch positions ?
how many tonnes of tomatoes does victoria produce ?
how many kilometers is warsaw from the carpathian mountains ?
when was temüjin 's half-brother begter killed ?
when was the first measurement of the value of the newton universal gravitation constant ?
at the time of its formation , how many members did the umc have ?
what was a plugs-out test done to simulate on the lc-34 ?
what cbs website provided a stream ?
what enzymes in saliva are antibacterial in nature ?
what suffered considerably for warsaw when it had an eastern bloc economy ?
what element makes up almost half of the earth 's crust by mass ?
what does education in an area where there is high demand for workers tend to create ?
along with mills and mines , in what industrial locations did steam drive machines ?
why did opec block oil deliveries to the united states ?
what percentage of leukocytes do neutrophils represent ?
why did confucians like the medical field ?
what does the fogg museum of art cover ?
what causes the symptoms of inflammation ?
what did the public health cigarette smoking act ban ?
who is best able to leverage the accumulation of wealth ?
what was the dutch leader 's religious affiliation ?
what material 's weight gain during rusting was an early clue that philogiston theory was wrong ?
what was luther 's disputation of martin luther on the power and efficacy of indulgences later called ?
what major newcastle road stretches from edinburgh to london ?
how large are chloroplast ribosomes ?
what did johannes agricola preach that god 's gospel revealed ?
what does political pressure push to extend to compensate for stagnating purchasing power ?
what did luther claim the church would have to comprise if the law were not taught ?
what is considered as a potential advantage for wealth for some americans ?
what law justified british imperialism ?
to which century is the glass beaker called luck of edenhall dated ?
what was the total number of homes sky announced that had sky+hd in march of 2012 ?
what fields have increased in influence on pharmacy in the united states ?
what would change the rotational inertia of a body under newton 's first law of motion ?
in what series was the master reintroduced ?
what was the name of the storm that hit jacksonville in may of 2012 ?
in what expression can one expect to find dtime ( n )
about what year was the atmospheric engine invented ?
what did decnet originally do
conservative islam classifies muslims who follow shia interpretation as what ?
what was one of luther 's most personal writings ?
who was nasa 's administrator ?
who was yersinia pestis named for ?
combs are called what ?
what was the number of solo tackles that von miller had in super bowl 50 ?
what do critics think the cause of problems with modern schooling is ?
this was the first time that the carolina team faced what in the post season ?
what service did abc launch in may 2013 ?
who if the commissioner of the nfl ?
low doses of anti-inflammatories are sometimes used with what classes of drugs ?
what did tesla call his electrical effects in 1893 ?
who was ralph in charge of being at war with ?
what process down the line does rubisco 's flaw interfere with ?
where was the meeting held when the nfl owners voted on the location for super bowl 50 ?
what kind of t cells kill cells that are infected with pathogens ?
in what year will the barack obama presidential center be finished ?
where was halford mackinder born ?
when did the nfl announce the suspension of using roman numerals to brand the super bowl ?
what type of exercise does research show receives a boost in performance from oxygen ?
what is polish for " mermaid " ?
how is the climate near the savannah grasslands ?
why have modern lutherans stopped using the hymn ?
rocks that are a depth where they are ductilely stretched are also often what ?
according to the wealth concentration theory , what advantage do the wealthy have in accumulating new wealth ?
what type of city has warsaw been for as long as it 's been a city ?
who wrote the nong shu ?
how often does the general conference meet ?
who is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa ?
what astronomer worked for kublai ?
where did the french send a large number of settlers ?
what physical condition can acute oxygen toxicity cause ?
how were british able to cut supplies to louisbourg ?
how long did the 5th president 's tenure last ?
shark tank was based on what other reality show ?
the fact that not all fossils may be found globally at the same time causes the principle to become what ?
when was there a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland ?
what role did luther play in other areas ' churches ?
what character on coupling is a doctor who fan ?
le grande also wrote that defining the term civil disobedience so difficult it could be described as ?
what is a criticism of online pharmacies that issue drugs without a prescription ?
what might also be required of a teacher to pass , in addition to certification ?
what language is used to educate in wales ?
what was the name given to the regions in which the pro - slavery southerners lived ?
when was the battle of frankenhausen ?
who can question statements the first minister or members of the cabinet make ?
what was genghis khan 's tribes burial custom ?
what is the income inequality gap between genders in botswana ?
what is the newer , more widely accepted theory behind the spread of the plague ?
what are the two major thoroughfares of sunnyside ?
stephen eilmann asks why show public civil disobedience instead what is a better idea ?
what is the natural dam that the rhine flows through ?
what are the three construction subsectors ?
when was the methodist episcopal church founded ?
when a plant is injured , what can become proplastids ?
what function does ozone perform for the planet ?
when was king george 's war ?
when did maududi found the jamaat-e-islami party ?
what was planned for luther by frederick iii after the meeting ?
where did dinophysis get its chloroplasts from ?
how many households has kids under the age of 18 living in them ?
what was the first internet2 network named
what is the annual construction industry revenue in 2014 ?
what place had the norman arab architectural style ?
the los angeles angels of anaheim are from which sport ?
where is the european court of justice likely to get inspiration from ?
when does photorespiration happen ?
students show more interest in classes taught by what type of teachers ?
abc continued nbc blue 's tradition of what ?
what is the name of one algebraic generalization prime numbers have inspired ?
the epidemic in newcastle was the most what in any british city at the time ?
what are two factors that made it difficult for colonists to the amazon forest to survive ?
what was named " the tesla " in his honor ?
how long was the death wish coffee commercial ?
what was tesla 's device called ?
what devices have been credited as the moving force of the industrial revolution ?
what was the very first television station to broadcast in fresno ?
what comic book series did abc debut in 2013-14 ?
trotsky thought what was needed for a true russian revolution .
what fixed set of factors determine the actions of a deterministic turing machine
income not from the creation of wealth but by grabbing a larger share of it is know to economists by what term ?
primitive jawless vertebrates possess an array of receptors referred to as what ?
the abolition of the ottoman caliphate is believed to have ended what system ?
how many photosynthetic carotenoids are there ?
what is the study of proteins involved in immune response known as ?
what did water that flowed towards the pacific have to flow across during the mid-eocene ?
what was the theme of super bowl 50 ?
which single did beyoncé and coldplay collaborate on ?
what do photocytes produce ?
what is the first model of education , in the australian system ?
if you do not know both magnitude and direction of two forces on an object , what would you call that situation ?
who mapped the alta vista tract ?
when was thoreau 's essay published ?
how long is the section that turns north ?
in what year were the distinguished service medals awarded to grissom , white , and chaffee ?
where did von lettow surrender at ?
what was the date of tesla 's death ?
where is the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction located ?
who lead the school back to leading research institution in 2oth century ?
what is the name of the desert city ?
what does untersee mean ?
what properties are analyzed with a conoscopic lens by petrologists ?
how do co-teachers work with each other to fulfill the needs of students ?
what foreign bodies , which are older than the rocks themselves , occur igneous rocks ?
what was the price of oil in march of 1974 ?
how many times has the south florida/miami area hosted the super bowl ?
when was the last season that this original theme was used ?
what 's thomas piketty 's job ?
who did the panthers beat in the nfc championship game ?
why might rats not be responsible for the plague ?
where does heat rejection occur in the rankine cycle ?
what dynasty did zhang rhou help attack ?
what was the recorded length of the first spark ?
what was the name of the 2007 christmas special ?
what gameshow featuring newly married people was debuted by abc in july 1966 ?
when did luther write wir glauben all an einen gott ?
what does oxidative phosphorylation do ?
where were abc 's international networks mainly situated in the 1970s ?
what type of lord is doctor who ?
what happens first if a directive 's deadline for implementation is not met ?
how high is victoria 's mount bogong ?
what type of movies were produced in jacksonville 's 30 studios ?
granting what status would allow private non-religious schools in the us to receive public funds ?
which central european country had a calvinist ruler ?
sleep hormone release supports formation of immune memory by initiating what immune response ?
what does child well-being in rich countries correlate most to ?
what is southern california often abbreviated as ?
when was the confederation of the rhine ?
why would a teacher 's college exist ?
what was the pinedale assembly center ?
though unkown , what are the most commonly ascribed attributes of l in relation to p
after huguenots fled france , their last remaining bastion was where ?
how much energy loss did he expect would occur ?
when did the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences ?
when did the plos pathogens paper come out ?
what weapon did marco pole report as the cause of genghis khan 's death ?
how many atoms combine to form dioxygen ?
what do weak labor movement correlate with ?
what was the museum originally called ?
what is the german term for segregating students based on their parents ' wealth ?
in 2012 , how many stadiums were named as finalists for hosting super bowl 50 before the final stadium was chosen ?
what is the primary goal of pleading not guilty when arrested for civil disobedience ?
which massive lake did the mongolians call tenggis ?
what does warsaw 's mixture of architectural styles reflect ?
what does atp synthase change into atp ?
how did the leaders of the city of bukhara respond to the mongol attack ?
what is lower in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries ?
how long did ms kucukdeveci work for swedex gmbh & co kg before she was dismissed ?
what did tesla incorrectly believe about x-rays ?
what french animation studio did abc purchase in 1993 ?
in the layered model of the earth , the mantle has two layers below it . what are they ?
what notable private school has an endowment of several hundred million dollars ?
why were johann esch and heinrich voes executed by the catholic church ?
where is st aloysius ' college located ?
what is the region called that is the largest conurbation of the rhine ?
when dating rocks , what is the absolute isotopic date applied to ?
along with public schools , what type of school was recognized under the south african schools act ?
how much of the indulgences went to rome ?
what did tesla explore in tominaj ?
which years did tesla refer to as a time of terrible headaches and bitter tears ?
how many courses must a local lay servant take ?
who did john elway play for in super bowl xxxiii ?
what did pope leo x launch against luther ?
how many plays was denver kept out of the end zone after getting the ball from newton ?
what percentage of filipino tertiary education takes place in private schools ?
according to agreement between iroquois and british , where was a strong house to be built ?
what was old briton 's response to celeron ?
besides britain and north america , where else did huguenot refugees settle ?
how long would the astronauts be project to be able to stay on the moon for in the latter missions ?
what was an additional projected effect of the attempted reform ?
when was the suspension by fifa lifted ?
what is being overhauled as part of the improvement works ?
which country is the most dependent on arab oil ?
in what area is it common for spiritual mentorship to be extremely high ?
what force changes an objects direction of travel ?
what spelling of genghis most closely matches its probable pronunciation ?
other than for its resort feel , what is palm springs popular for ?
when did newcastle 's first indoor market open ?
what type of group is the islamic state ?
what type of behavior in primes is it possible to determine ?
what two resources commonly consumed by alternate models are typically known to vary ?
what did edison machine works persue in 1890 ?
when was the french colony in modern day brazil founded ?
most of the objects in the japanese art collection is dated to which time period ?
what is the term for closing off rivers that are no longer connected ?
in 1735 , who did john and charles wesley teach the gospel to in america ?
what was the bubonic plague mechanism reliant on ?
when did the university decide to start multimillion-dollar expansion projects ?
which c1622-23 sculpture by bernini are included in the sculpture collection ?
what are the two abc affiliates for grand rapids michigan ?
silicates of magnesium and iron make up of the earth 's ___
who said the homeless in the area would have to leave ?
what story has little foundation in truth ?
how much dust is blown out of the sahara each year ?
in which season did the abc logo first appear as an on-screen bug ?
since what year did the university offer a doctorate in cinema & media studies ?
who could be the subjects of a teacher 's college investigation ?
what was the bbc hoping that an independent production firm would do for doctor who ?
about how many walloons and huguenots emigrated to england and ireland in this era ?
whose english translation of the bible did the luther bible influence ?
what were the astronauts wearing during the dual mission as-278 ?
at what university 's facility did the broncos practice ?
how did genghis khan observed the surrender terms after samarkand fell ?
what skin-related symptom appears from the pneumonic plague ?
what was the given name of miami 's stadium at the time of super bowl 50 ?
what group can teachers register with ?
oxygen is released in cellular respiration by ?
which denver linebacker was named super bowl mvp ?
granite is made up largely of what chemical compound ?
what did luther use the hymn to encourage colleagues to do ?
where did tesla live for much of his life ?
who escaped when temüjin emerged victorious in his conflict with toghrul ?
what was carried on extended lunar missions ?
when did levi 's stadium open ?
what percentage was the increase of agricultural products in 2003-04 ?
how much did walt disney want abc to invest in disneyland ?
who was named president of disney-abc television group in 2004 ?
where was media day for super bowl 50 held ?
in 1984 thomas murphy contacted leonard goldenson about merging abc with what company ?
what does teaching on an island result in ?
where was his unfinished project called ?
when was abc 's first logo introduced ?
who else did tesla make the acquaintance of in 1886 ?
which articles of the free movement of workers regulation set out the primary provisions on equal treatment of workers ?
what was the title given to the major project to redesign all the galleries in the museum ?
where are these animals mostly located ?
which committee made an effort to invite companies owned by people , who are transgender or gay , to take part in contract business associated with super bowl 50 .
what percentage of german students attended private schools in 2008 ?
in what year was the battle that resulted from a confederate cavalry unit attacking a union expedition ?
what will a society with more equality have ?
the super bowl 50 host committee said it would be the most what ever ?
what is the shortened name of the annual yacht race that takes place ?
what is the average construction salary in the uk ?
what field of computer science analyzes the resource requirements of a specific algorithm isolated unto itself within a given problem ?
who was the norse leader ?
along with sport and art , what is a type of talent scholarship ?
the term annual conference is often used to refer to what ?
what type of image was tesla thought to have accidentally taken a week prior to the announcement of its discovery ?
who was the opposing party in the runyon case ?
setting speed limits was one of the further devolutions which was conferred by what act ?
what is the applicant admission rate for class of 2019 ?
how many of the fifteen points of discussion were agreed on ?
what would a teacher assess the levels of a student on ?
what did the merchants of newcastle plot to do to timothy dexter ?
what is preschool required for ?
what south african law recognized two types of schools ?
when were stromules discovered ?
many organizations have recently called for broader acceptance of which community ?
what was the total number of patents that tesla had ?
what apollo mission was this lor method used and needed ?
what medical treatment is used to benefit patients with hearth and lung disorders ?
what was apolitical islam ?
how is the process of allocating seats repeated until all available seats have been determined ?
how many membranes does durinskia 's chloroplast have ?
what yard marker on the field was painted gold ?
did the rainforest managed to thrive during the glacial periods ?
what did the mongol elites wish buyantu did n't do ?
what nationality is the band coldplay ?
who caught two passes from manning after the failed carolina field goal attempt ?
which university did tesla audit in 1880 ?
what are the only states where abc does n't have a licensed affiliate ?
what did people vote the doctor who series as in a 2011 online vote ?
what was the importance of the congress ?
what does the secret history say genghis khan was doing when he sustained his mortal injuries ?
what is used by certain wealthy groups to obtain policies financially beneficial for them ?
what does the matching helper t cell release when it binds with the mhc : antigen complex of the b cell ?
aside from bbc radio 5 , what radio station will broadcast the game ?
what present day county is new rochelle in ?
how can someone be recognized as local church lay servant ?
what can a principal make , if he/she works for a big school ?
when did the y. pestis reach england ?
antigens bind to what in order to elicit a response of the immune system ?
how did luther describe the university of erfurt ?
how many were killed by plague in naples in 1656 ?
how many people were in british north american colonies ?
when did abc first start ?
what charity benefited from the 30th anniversary show ?
what are there no longer limitations on since 1990 ?
what type of teaching would help the most with everyday life ?
by what year was selling children into slavery common among the mongols ?
why is majority rule used ?
along with admission , exhaust and compression , what is an event in the engine cycle ?
who took thomas murphy 's place after the disney acquisition of abc ?
what is the section of the rhine gorge recognized by unesco called ?
ip and am are most commonly defined by what type of proof system ?
who designed the entrance hall and rotunda ?
what did johann eck call luther ?
what resolution were the eyevision cameras changed to ?
who suffered a broken arm in the nfc championship game ?
who assisted wesley with ordaining whatcoat and vasey as presbyters ?
what series has an actor doing an impression of the fourth doctor ?
what experiences acceleration when external force is applied to a system ?
how many of the four field goal attempts did mcmanus succeed at during super bowl 50 ?
what doctor was first referred to as " his secret " ?
who discovered the yellow fever virus ?
who played doctor who on stage in the 70 's ?
what company was this the last super bowl they would let customers have an opportunity to get their own commercial ideas aired ?
who acts as laborer , paymaster , and design team for a renovation project ?
in 2011 , which program became the only abc broadcast in 4:3 standard definition ?
when were the elections that produced a higher vote by protestant nazi sympathizers than by catholics ?
in what year was the world 's columbian exposition ?
what type of medicine did mongol shamans use ?
which work of luther 's is effective in teaching children ?
along with trusts , what other non-profits are allowed to run schools in india ?
hank paulson is the former chairman and ceo of what banking firm ?
what universal trailer debuted during the super bowl ?
what did article 12 of the allied armistice terms require germany to withdraw from ?
an 1821 full size oil sketch of which famous british painting was donated by john sheepshank 's daughter in 1888 ?
what do x.25 and frame relay both require
what happened to prompt nasa to record over archived magnetic tapes ?
what educational study did luther start to pursue and immediately drop ?
how many teams did los angeles used to have ?
what do you use to let idea strings switch direction ?
what responsibilities are pharmacists believed to be taking on more in the future ?
what degree is now mandatory in the u.s. in order to be a licensed pharmacist ?
why should one not go to jail ?
in china , this person inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by silt deposition , what was his name ?
which animal that lives in the amazon river may produce a deadly shock ?
where were persians more successful compared to chinese in the yuan ?
where did harold ii die ?
to which year is the earliest known piece of english silver with a dated hallmark is dated ?
what percentage does the amazon represents in rainforests on the planet ?
what phenomenon has led to criticism ?
what do students do after primary school ?
why is it important to precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section ?
what country initially received the largest number of huguenot refugees ?
what color was used to emphasize the 50th anniversary of the super bowl ?
what role does john elway currently have in the broncos franchise ?
what was the dual mission as-258 a combination of ?
which american show changed the views of romanians during the cold war ?
what serves as a biological barrier by competing for space and food in the gi tract ?
what writing inspired the name great yuan ?
what body in india provides policy directions to schools ?
how many divisions are required to verify the primality of the number 37 ?
who did internet2 partner with
what chemical did priestley use in his experiments on oxygen ?
what criticism in ny times article that impacts the quality of education at harvard ?
where did tesla begin working in 1884 ?
what was the secondary endosymbiotic event ?
what was tesla 's salary from westinghouse in 1934 ?
what force acts on an object suspended on a spring scale in addition to gravity ?
which smartphone customers were the only people who could stream the game on their phones ?
what is the second largest contrubtor to kenyas gdp ?
what is an alternate way to make starch ?
has there ever been anyone charged with importing drugs from canada for personal medicinal use ?
what is the main religion in kenya ?
where did jochi remain after genghis khan sent for his sons in the spring of 1223 ?
who was the executive producer of the 2005 doctor who revival series ?
what did this affair cause to luther 's reputation ?
southern california is most famous for tourism and what notably named district ?
when was the main gallery for the v & a 's contemporary glass collection opened ?
what does high levels of inequality do to growth in poor countries ?
what injury did manning suffer the summer before the season started ?
what activity maintains topographic gradients ?
what other former halftime show performer joined coldplay and beyoncé for the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
who won the battle of lake george ?
what president is credited with the original notion of putting americans in space ?
the sunday service of the methodists in north america was a revised version of what book ?
what makes day length constant on earth ?
what kind of membrane came from the host ?
what did tesla attribute skin damage to ?
where was ralph earl of ?
how many awards has doctor who been nominated for , over the years ?
what is as important as identifying plague symptoms ?
colonial rule would be considered what type of imperialism ?
what is the dispensary subject to in a majority of countries ?
other than surf , what other culture is southern california home to ?
where did the water in the amazon basin flow towards when moving west ?
what should a christian follow in his life ?
how can pyrenoids replicate ?
besides death wish coffee , how many other competitors participated in the contest ?
where in dundee will the gallery be located ?
what year was the latest addition to the church of st. andrew ?
when did abc films begin selling programs to other networks ?
how much did it cost to build the stadium where super bowl 50 was played ?
objects of constant density are proportional to volume by what force to define standard weights ? .
when was the scale to measure the rhine introduced ?
how many valves did the corliss engine use ?
what kind of government does kenya have ?
what did kenya name itself on december 12 , 1964 ?
what italian painter was depicted in the main bronze door entrance of the museum ?
what was the population of kenya in 2014 ?
how many major chloroplast replication models have been suggested ?
in what year was the school formed ?
such protests are usually considered to be what type ?
who has the task of ensuring party members vote according to the party line ?
what sacrament accords christians renewed life ?
what uprising began in 1351 ?
who is largely considered the first united methodist theologian ?
what thesis specifies that a polynomial relationship exists within time complexities in a computational model ?
who found that protestants voted for nazis more than catholics ?
how much water does the aare give to the rhine ?
what is the largest abc station operator in terms of market reach ?
what term resulted from dioscorides ' book ?
in what episode did doctor who get a new cycle of regenerations ?
along with electric motors , what type of engines superseded piston steam engines ?
a multi-tape turing machine requires what type of time for a solution ?
who expounded the three laws of motion ?
what occurs after a dive in which a diver decompresses too quickly ?
what year was the last time a fumble return touchdown like this occurred ?
rather than the fuel , what is oxygen to a fire ?
what letter did washington present to saint-pierre ?
what is the process by which the immune system identifies tumors called ?
who build the major port city in kenya ?
was the plan formalized ?
in an adjustable spring-loaded valve , what needs to be broken to allow an operator to tamper with it ?
how would the capabilities approach achieve it 's goal ?
how many types of thylakoids are there ?
where was the nfl experience held for the 2015 season ?
what disagreement did montcalm and indians have ?
what does corporal punishment cause a student ?
what was the disneyland anthology series retitled in 1958 ?
what are injectors used to supply ?
what caused jacksonville 's tourism to become less desirable at the latter half of the 19th century ?
who 's satellites would the new free-to-air channels be broadcast from ?
when did great britain colonize australia ?
how many plant species make up the total in the rainforest ?
how much was the emergency aid to israel ?
how many divisions comprised genghis khan 's army in khwarezmia ?
what took place in his lab in 1895 , causing him to lose thousands of dollars of data and tools ?
what river is located in the vicinity of the school ?
what function do compounds like phenol and acetone serve in the manufacture of many other substances ?
which theory suggested people in the tropics were uncivilized ?
what did polo call the yuan capital ?
what do extremely unequal societies tend to be ?
ableine was retired and the new platform is called
what do apicoplasts synthesize ?
what did the zuider zee brackish lagoon change into ?
in autoimmune disorders , the immune system does n't distinguish between what types of cells ?
where can a lot tesla 's writings be found ?
what was the most recent super bowl hosted in the south florida/miami area ?
what is the immune system ?
who has elected the president of warsaw since 1990 ?
how long does it take for new areas to have significant oil production ?
who developed the first commercial steam powered device ?
what did tesla note the hazards of working with ?
who was the ruling class ahead of the normans ?
what was notable about the butterflies ?
how did william shirley feel about french advancement ?
what are committees in the scottish parliament compared to other systems ?
who was the chief executive officer when the service began ?
which city does the hollywood district belong to ?
what is the largest item from italy that is part of the sculpture collection ?
what are among the most well known experiments in structural geology ?
who handled the color commentary for denver 's radio stations ?
what are the top 4-5 % graduating students honored with ?
where were the kikuyu people located ?
what are teachers expected to give their students ?
what alumni was also obama 's campaign adviser ?
what two factors can generally increase a teacher 's salary ?
when did abc begin making family-oriented series ?
in which year did the v & a theatre & performance galleries open ?
who was assigned to design a second master plan ?
who developed the actinide concept ?
who opened the new parliament building on october 9 , 2004 ?
what is the name given to the input string of a computational problem ?
what lies between l and p that prevents a definitive determination of the relationship between l and p ?
who inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local building code ?
what type of correlation was used previously to help date rock formations ?
approximately how many images were digitized during the first year of the digitization project ?
who claims that public companies can also be part of civil disobedience ?
who dates rocks , precisely , within the stratigraphic section ?
other than his scientific achievements what was tesla famous for ?
what is evidence chloroplasts descended from endosymbiotic cyanobacteria ?
what trading company helped settle huguenots near the cape ?
how is the opening of the grainger market documented in the laing art gallery ?
over how many species of trees can be found in the saxon garden ?
what is european union law ?
roughly how much is the student government 's budget ?
how common was the form of corporal punishment in the past ?
how did scientists assess the dna/rna of yersinia pestis ?
who did martin luther say was the lone granter of forgiveness ?
which country does the rhine encounter it 's main tributaries ?
who formulated the idea of clonal selection theory of immunity ?
who was the abc entertainment president in 1957 ?
what was the purpose of csnet
western imperialism divided the globe according to which theory ?
as what did robert michael view luther 's violent language towards the jews ?
which year resulted in the suspension of one of the two soccer teams ?
what are cilia used for ?
which team had the first kickoff ?
which company sponsored a contest called " small business big game " ?
in 2007 , what company purchased abc radio properties ?
at what time did tesla get dinner ?
where did the jin emporer relocate his capital after genghis khan overran the norther part of his empire ?
besides the v & a 's , whose collections are under the responsibility of conservators at the v & a ?
approximately how many musical instruments were loaned to the horniman museum ?
where is the mouth located on the pleuobrachia located ?
what kind of affect did luther often use in his discourses ?
when was the wedding banquet celebrated ?
when was the last time san francisco hosted a super bowl ?
who did the army siege belong to ?
who was made rich and prosperous prior to world war 1
what chinese dynasty did the mongols found ?
what does the transport and storage demand for safety in dealing with oxygen ?
what event is held at bells beach in victoria ?
what type of prime distribution is characterized about x/log x of numbers less than x ?
what two other rulers had their graves hidden under a river ?
who owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent of people in the u.s. ?
what was the name of the 50th anniversary show ?
why were southern chinese ranked lower ?
where did old briton call home ?
who received the ball that cam newton lost during a tackle to make it a denver touchdown ?
what troops attacked fort william henry in early 1757 ?
who gave genghis khan the title khadan ?
how many passengers per year does newcastle 's airport handle ?
when would the occupation of allies leave rhineland ?
during what time did civilization in the amazon was flourishing when orellana made his observations ?
besides combustion , for what other action did mayow show nitroaereus responsible ?
what team received the opening kickoff ?
when is the last time a fumble return touchdown happened in a super bowl ?
who lost to the broncos in the divisional round ?
after reopening , where will the art pieces be located after restoration ?
what is the name of the area past the border that the megaregion extends into ?
how many us states do no practice corporal punishment ?
the wjz callsign would then be assigned to an abc affiliate in what city in 1959 ?
what is chloroplast dna abbreviated as ?
to whom was johann eck the assistant ?
where did water to the west of the amazon drainage basin flow towards ?
if a detention asks the student to write , what do they write ?
what vehicle did doctor who use for his escape from gallifrey ?
what do beroids typically eat ?
what position did newton play during super bowl 50 ?
who did george westinghouse beat out to light the world 's columbian exposition ?
under elie metchnikoff 's cellular theory , what cells were responsible for immune response ?
how many public charter schools does the university run ?
what kind of problems are one of the main topics studied in computational complexity theory ?
what declaration predicated the emigration of huguenot refugees ?
which boulevard can you find many majestic homes in the area ?
stratigraphers try to locate areas for what types of extraction ?
high pressure steam engines were small enough that they could be used in what application ?
what governor in charge of new france died in 1752 ?
where was it shown to have a 0.3 % prevalence of sexual abuse by professionals ?
what german ruler invited huguenot immigration ?
in the article 's title , what did the machine hope to end ?
how do chloroplasts trigger the plant 's immune system ?
how many teams have played in the super bowl eight times ?
which player had the most interceptions for the season ?
to what type of organisms is oxygen toxic ?
how many times was cam newton sacked ?
what does matter actually have that newtonian mechanics does n't address ?
how are ergänzungsschulen funded ?
how is civil disobedience typically defined in connection of the citizen 's ?
who did the broncos play in the last week of the regular season ?
what device was one of the first to aid a controversy ?
how long did tesla hold this position ?
which of the tributaries in germany contributes most ?
what is the theory that this king 's name is the origin of " huguenot " called ?
what is the average construction salary in the middle east ?
what was a major success , especially in rebuilding warsaw ?
when did the sarah jane series begin ?
what was the first public building to be lit by electric light in newcastle ?
in which year did the jameel gallery of islamic art opened ?
who did the yuan 's increase in commerce help ?
how many players have been awarded the most valuable player distinction for the super bowl ?
which nfl team represented the nfc at super bowl 50 ?
what type of status did the umc vote to seek in the national association of evangelicals ?
which hall was used as parliament 's principle committee room ?
what religions did tugh temur follow ?
where do cacti have chloroplasts ?
what is it estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by ?
which mountain range influenced the split of the regions ?
in what book did betty meggers describe the idea of the amazon being sparsely populated ?
what was the name of the leader ennobled by henry iii
what rates of health and social problems are in countries with high inequality ?
who is videoguard owned by ?
who was the game 's top receiver ?
what is the typical annual cost for an irish private school ?
what does the template for bills passed by the scottish parliament include ?
what group of people can not be part of civil disobedience ?
what is the name of the trophy that all super bowl winners receive ?
who defeated montcalm at quebec ?
what enables the scottish parliament to scrutinize the government ?
which two compounds did al-muwaffaq differentiate between ?
what has been the main reason for the shift to the view that income inequality harms growth ?
which country 's invasion show the insecurity of the middle east ?
what are the three sources of european union law ?
what is the name associated with the eight areas that make up a part of southern california ?
who created the photographic series titled animal locomotion ?
along with poppet valve gears , what type of gears utilized separate admission and exhaust valves to give ideal events ?
when did wesley appoint thomas coke as bishop ?
what 2015 nfl team one the afc playoff ?
what did the war first start out as being between ?
who is usually working together ?
what is an example of a mechanical barrier on leaves ?
strang is an anglo-saxon word which means what in modern english ?
what did luther tell the legate about the papacy ?
germany does n't have an imperialistic past until when ?
when was the merger between itt and abc officially canceled ?
what is decnet
what was the goal of congress ?
what library contains the selmur productions catalogue ?
when did khan formally declare the yuan dynasty ?
how many sources of european union law are there ?
when did luther write to melanchhon about god 's grace ?
what area of brookhaven is still known for its high levels of crime ?
what delimits the delta of the rhine in the west ?
who was the receiver on the successful 2-point conversion ?
how are the galleries overlooking the garden arranged ?
what high maintenance part did tesla 's ac motor not require ?
when was the doctor who series released on dvd ?
how many panthers players were selected to the pro bowl ?
where has the official home of the scottish parliament been since 2004 ?
how was luther presented as an image to spread protestantism ?
what does article 102 of the treaty of lisbon prohibit ?
most antibiotics target bacteria and do n't affect what class of organisms ?
a block of west end avenue that houses an abc news building was renamed for what abc anchor ?
what did stephen kemble guide the theatre royal through ?
how many meals a day do normal kenyans eat ?
the party awarded a seat is the one with the highest what ?
construction takes place on location for who ?
what person helped establish the school with a donation ?
which panthers rb scored 6 tds in the 13 games leading up to super bowl 50 ?
what is the victoria state bird ?
what has technological innovation and automation replaced low-skilled jobs with ?
what did john wesley originally call the experience of conversion ?
what gets transferred to students who are receptive to the teacher ?
what did article 65 of the ecsc ban ?
where is cyclic photophosphorylation common ?
how many stations did boston have in 1952 ?
jamboree business parks belongs to which business center ?
who considers los angeles county to be a separate metropolitan area ?
what type of architecture is represented in the majestic churches ?
in a nuclear power plant , what is the steam turbine connected to ?
does bskyb carry any control over a channels content ?
what did the result of the snp majority allow a referendum be held on ?
in what year was doctor who rated the third greatest show of the 2000 's ?
what production company pitched the untouchables to cbs in 1958 ?
for how many years was evidence shown that humans shaped the the amazon ?
where was the centrifugal governor first observed by boulton ?
what kind of self-consistent models are physicists trying to make that would create a theory of everything ?
is the output of a functional problem typically characterized by a simple or complex answer ?
prevenient grace allowas those tainted by what to make a choice to accept or reject god 's salvation in christ ?
what did marlee matlin translate ?
what special was created for the show 's 30th anniversary ?
where does kenya have deposits of oil ?
what is used to quantify the intuitive undestanding of forces ?
who was louis xiv 's main rival ?
what does the marginal value added by an economic actor determine ?
what was the first television series to feature an openly gay character ?
what modern formations do geologists study ?
what language were classes held in at tesla 's school ?
on an international level , which industry 's competitive positions is affected ?
when did tesla discover the possibility of wireless connectivity ?
who was the first european to travel the entire length of the amazon river ?
if input size is is equal to n , what can respectively be assumed is the function of n ?
what project did harvard halt due to the financial crisis ?
the inland delta at the mouth of the rhine is with what lake ?
who slipped on the levi 's stadium turf in week 6 of the 2015 nfl season ?
when did menich serve as president ?
for what purpose is oxygen used by animal life ?
what alumni is also the governor of the bank of japan ?
in the us , who decides on the requirements for teachers ?
what reference is there to huguenot lacemakers in the 19th century ?
in a 4-cylinder compound engine , what degree were the individual pistons balanced at ?
who was considered to be the first choice in the nfl draft of 1998 ?
in 1755 what fort did british capture ?
what famous july fourth holiday movie did fox pay to advertise a sequel of during the super bowl ?
who wants a more confrontational type of discipline ?
in which year did genghis khan strike against the tanguts ?
what was he studying that gave him the teleforce weapon idea ?
when an activated killer t cell finds cells where the mhc 1 receptor has specific antigens , it releases cytotoxins such as what ?
how many teachers were found to have felt occupational stress in a 2000 study ?
mohammad iqbal was what type of father to the state of pakistan ?
when was montreal captured ?
when was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre ?
what website are teachers using to sell their lesson plans ?
what color was used to create the 50-yard line in levi 's stadium for the season leading up to the super bowl 50 game ?
what was tesla 's father afraid would happen to him in school ?
elders in full connection are each a member of what ?
how many primes were included in derrick norman lehmer 's list of prime numbers ?
who was an important figure in the twentieth-century islamic revival in india ?
what yard line was the broncos on when manning lost the ball in the fourth quarter ?
when was the second oil crisis ?
what do scholars sometimes assert that luther believed about what faith and reason were to each other ?
what encoding decision needs to be made in order to determine an exact definition of the formal language ?
what is the largest city in poland ?
why did harvard end its early admission program ?
who funded the new jewelry gallery that opened in 2008 ?
what could the supplemental nutrition assistance program purchase ?
what is the mongolian name for the original place of the genghis khan mausoleum ?
what is a fundamentalist interpretation of islam called ?
what must a teacher show towards the course materials for increase learning ?
what is the main component of the aboral organ ?
what was the number of 17 interceptions that peyton manning had by end of the year ?
what is the main executive body of the eu ?
what military impact did huguenot immigration have on frederick 's army ?
who donated rodin 's works to the v & a ?
what grew on a global scale as a result of imperialism ?
who was ayurbarwada 's son ?
where is corporal punishment usually performed these days ?
what is included along with gravitational acceration , and mass of the earth in a formula about rotation about the earth ?
what was intended for the site of the former boiler house ?
how much did tesla sell his ac patents to westinghouse electric for ?
when did hulu begin offering abc 's programs for streaming ?
how did the mongols acquire chinese printing technology ?
what is one method of achieving aspirational consumption ?
ediacaran eoandromeda can be regarded to represent what ?
when was the fis founded ?
where is samuel marsden collegiate school located ?
where did france lose a war in the 1950 's ?
electrolysis of what can be used to produce oxygen and hydrogen ?
was the testing of the lm during apollo 5 a failure or a success ?
what kind of cpdna does maize have ?
which genus is considered the " aunt " of ctenophores ?
how large are plastoglobuli ?
what co-receptor recruits molecules inside the t cell that are responsible for cell activation ?
what do a and b represent in a gaussian integer expression ?
in which city was tesla 's consultant job for westinghouse ?
who is the present quarterback of the broncos ?
who did josel of rosheim blame for the condition of jews in saxony ?
what story of little truth is a pillar of history ?
what later invention was tesla 's idea similar to ?
in what year did tesla die ?
what was the name of the experiment that tested how life originated ?
geoglyphs dating to what period were found in deforested land along the amazon river ?
pitt 's plan called for what attacks ?
what agency did the spanish version of the super bowl ?
what leader led the dutch revolt and wrote apologie ?
what is the name of the third , permanent huguenot church in new rochelle ?
what were huguenots who stayed in france eventually known as ?
what did the network install in 1999
which country in 1985 signed a treaty to give it special status ?
what was the defeat of the arab troops at the hand of the israeli troops during the six-day war ?
when did the dfds ferry service to sweden case operation ?
what are two of its subsystems ?
what is the grace that " goes before us ? "
what was another use for the weapon ?
what year did robert j. shiller win an economics nobel prize ?
this type of system is known as
theories on imperialism use which country as a model ?
what is the first major city in the course of the rhine ?
what type of membership will allow local pastors to retire as clergy ?
in what year was hms dreadnought launched ?
what is one condition that an element p of r must satisfy in order to be considered a prime element ?
how many tons does the hereford screen weigh ?
what is the legal boundary behind the high and upper rind ?
who may be a spiritual teacher in the lds church ?
what did the mongol army throw in their catapults ?
where does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany ?
how else can petrologists understand the pressures at which different mineral phases appear ?
what eponymous variation of arithmetic presents a decision problem not evidenced in p ?
what legitimate dynasty came before the yuan ?
why has there been controversy in kenyan athletics ?
which monarchs was the victoria and albert museum named after ?
what motor did they end up using instead of the one tesla wanted ?
what was tesla on his way to do when he was struck by the cab ?
what did stiglitz present in 2009 regarding global inequality ?
what has shortened the rhine river ?
what is the hymn known as in english ?
from what bible book did the crew of apollo 8 read from during this stream of images ?
why are newly discovered oil sold at a higher price ?
what party forms the scottish parliament ?
what was the first true engine that was commercially successful ?
what century did the normans first gain their separate identity ?
approximately how many architectural photographs does the v & a hold in its collection ?
when was the santer commission censured by parliament ?
which material is the becket casket made from ?
who did the mongols bring to china as administrators ?
who refused to act until loudoun approved plans ?
what team was the afc champion ?
complement proteins bind to what kind of molecules on the surface of microbes in order to elicit an immune response ?
who was tesla 's nephew ?
who registered the most sacks on the team this season ?
how much does the rhine discharge at the dutch border ?
how many people live in the greater metropolitan area ?
what type of soil is considered a product of soil management by indigenous peoples in the amazon forest ?
what is a d-loop ?
who is the author of the book , " knowledge and decisions " ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the university 's four graduate divisions ?
how many main flows are branched off from the nederrijn ?
what is the atomic number of the element oxygen ?
how did vaudreuil react when johnson was seen as larger threat ?
what 's the nickname for newcastle 's a167 ?
what ethnic group located in jacksonville is ranked tenth largest ?
in 2013-14 , nbc finished behind what network in the ratings ?
a function problem is an example of what ?
what campaigh did the scottish national party ( snp ) run ?
what is the name of the donor who helped establish the hutchinson commons ?
how many years does the v & a glass collection cover ?
where was austrian polytechnic located ?
what is the term for a task that generally lends itself to being solved by a computer ?
who conquered much of england after the end of roman imperial rule ?
how did luther view the ottoman turks ?
how many schools and institutions does the church operate overseas ?
what are numbers greater than 1 that can be divided by 3 or more numbers called ?
what did the works council directive require ?
what can keep an object from moving when it is being pushed on a surface ?
how many languages did tesla know ?
when did luther write a german mass ?
how would one describe the summers in fresno ?
what did luther form in 1525 to 1529 ?
what are some of the causes of child labor ?
at what point does oxygen toxicity begin to happen ?
the amount of land a country controls is its greatest what ?
how many primary affiliates did cbs have in 1954 ?
when was rem sleep discovered ?
in what year was the first geological map of the u.s. produced ?
what type of civil disobedience is larger scale ?
when did zhenjin die ?
who responded to lindzen 's criticisms ?
which findings suggested that the region was densely populated ?
on january 7 , 2016 , it was confirmed that which start would join coldplay for the halftime show ?
how do the fees at former model c schools compare to those at other schools ?
what are the agents detected by the immune system called ?
