will the 2009 international arts fair be held ?
is held in october in newcastle ?
is the sama festival ?
holds an annual international arts fair in newcastle ?
is lindisfarne classified as ?
was the song fog on the tyne released ?
is considered by many to be the first black metal group ?
is often regarded as the first folk metal group ?
is newcastle native andy taylor the former lead guitarist of ?
between dates was the building on pilgrim street refurbished ?
was a cinema relocated while repairs were underway ?
cinemas are currently housed at one site ?
's the name of the united kingdom 's sole remaining news cinema ?
is the tyneside bar located ?
is the science village located ?
does the discovery museum draw attention to ?
does tyneside have ?
saw the merger of two museums in newcastle ?
is dedicated to children 's books ?
is the earliest known movie featuring scenes filmed outdoors in newcastle ?
was shot on location in newcastle ?
was the 1988 film stormy monday ?
directed stormy monday ?
starred in stormy monday ?
is newcastle 's horse racing course located ?
is the name of newcastle 's basketball team ?
's the name of newcastle 's speedway team ?
can you see greyhound racing in newcastle ?
takes place annually in newcastle in june ?
is newcastle 's airport from the center of town ?
is newport 's airport connected to the city ?
does it take to get to the middle of newcastle from its outskirts when riding the rails ?
does newcastle 's airport handle ?
are available worldwide from newcastle 's airport ?
was enhanced in 2014 ?
listed railway stations are in the uk ?
opened the first covered railway station in the world ?
constructed newcastle 's station ?
is to the east of the city center ?
often do trains journey to king 's cross ?
can one expect to ride the train from newcastle to king 's cross ?
do all trains going to scotland stop at ?
serve destinations in yorkshire ?
provides local and regional services ?
underground railways cover much of tyne and wear ?
was the metro opened in between 1980 and 1984 ?
are constructed through newcastle 's city center ?
did queen elizabeth ii open in newcastle in 1981 ?
does the rail network in newcastle carry ?
is the name of the current refurbishment the system is undergoing ?
does the replacement of the ticket machines and introduction of ticket gates herald the transition to ?
is being overhauled as part of the improvement works ?
will be obtained as part of longer term plans for improvements to newcastle 's train system ?
would some of the proposed new routes require ?
stretches from edinburgh to london ?
heads west to carlisle ?
's the nickname for newcastle 's a167 ?
was renumbered in newcastle upon completion of the western bypass ?
was increased in november 2011 ?
bus companies provide service to the city of newcastle ?
are in the city of newcastle ?
is newcastle 's primary bus operator in the city proper ?
is nexus ?
provides the majority of services south of the river ?
did newcastle first develop its cycling strategy ?
does the local council hope will help cut down traffic congestion in newcastle ?
does cycling promote ?
are contraflows to be implemented on in newcastle ?
would the local council of newcastle like to link their local bike networks to ?
runs a service out of newcastle 's international ferry terminal ?
did the dfds ferry service to sweden case operation ?
did dfds cite as the reasons it terminated operations ?
did dfds terminate its services to norway ?
has included newcastle as a departure port since 2007 ?
are there in newcastle ?
are independent ?
is the largest co-ed independent school in newcastle ?
is the largest general further education college in the north east ?
is st cuthbert 's high school dominated by ?
does newcastle have ?
has its origins in a school dealing with medicine and surgery ?
did newcastle university win in 2000 ?
happened in 1992 in a uk-wide process ?
won the award for most it enabled organisation ?
does newcastle have ?
was st. nicholas ' lantern tower made ?
is located in fenham ?
is nicknamed the martyr ?
did all three cathedrals in newcastle begin their existence as ?
is typically agreed to be the oldest one in town ?
was the latest addition to the church of st. andrew ?
was added to the church of st. andrew in 1726 ?
surrounds the church of st. andrew ?
received a battering during the siege of newcastle ?
was itv tyne tees based for over 40 years ?
did itv tyne tees move in 2005 ?
is the building on spital tongues known as the pink palace ?
is broadcast by the corporation from the pink palace ?
is the name of newcastle 's first full-time community radio station ?
do the students of newcastle 's two universities run ?
has radio tyneside been the voluntary hospital radio service ?
is based at the great north children 's hospital ?
does the newcastle student radio station broadcast from during terms ?
did charles avison die in newcastle ?
did newcastle native basil hume achieve ?
is known as the father of the modern steam railways ?
did sir charles parsons invent ?
was abhisit vejjajiva prime minister of , despite having been born in newcastle ?
did both hank marvin and bruce welch attend ?
is michael carrick and alan shearer 's profession ?
did peter higgs win ?
did john dunn invent ?
is the victoria and albert museum located ?
permanent objects are located there ?
was the victoria and albert museum founded ?
is the museum named for ?
is the victoria and albert museum located ?
was the victoria and albert museum founded ?
was the victoria and albert museum named after ?
sponsors the victoria and albert museum ?
did the museum started charging free admission fees ?
does the v & a cover ?
does the v & a have ?
does the v & a 's collections span ?
are represented in the v & a 's collections ?
the v & a owns the largest collection in sculptural art history ?
the v & a has its origins ?
was the v & a 's first director ?
was the museum originally called ?
was the v & a transferred to from its original location at marlborough house ?
was asked to produce a design for the museum ?
officially opened the v & a ?
is the exact date of the v & a 's official opening ?
is known as the first keeper of fine art collection at the v & a ?
did the royal college of art gained full independence from the v & a ?
was the britain can make it exhibition held ?
did the britain can make it exhibition attract ?
organized the britain can make it exhibition ?
had been returned by which year ?
did the v & a present in july 1973 as part of its youth outreach programme ?
did the v & a present in july 1973 as part of its youth outreach programme ?
the v & a 's youth outreach programme was a hallmark of ?
did the progressive folk-rock band gryphon presented at a concert/lecture at the v & a ?
the v & a is looking to open a branded gallery in scotland ?
is the estimated cost of the v & a branded gallery ?
will the gallery be located ?
will v & a dundee focus on ?
could v & a dundee ?
was the building that formerly occupied the v & a 's present site called ?
was the first building erected that still forms part of the museum ?
were the north and south courts opened ?
does the secretariat wing house ?
was the designer of the oriental courts ?
was used in the decoration for the northern part of the museum ?
designed the bronze doors used as the main entrance to the museum ?
was depicted in the main bronze door entrance of the museum ?
was depicted in the main bronze door entrance of the museum ?
were responsible for the interior decorations of the green dining room ?
designed the ceiling and stained-glass windows of the green dining room ?
was responsible for the decorations of the centre refreshment room ?
designed and sculpted the marble fireplace in the centre refreshment room ?
was responsible for the decorations of the grill room ?
was brought it to work on the museum after the death of captain francis fowke ?
was the henry cole wing previously called ?
was used for the staircase designed by j.w .
does the henry cole wing houses ?
did the sackler center open ?
was used to decorate the east side of the building ?
designed the wrought iron gates that was used to embellish the east side of the building ?
are the two cast courts located ?
is the sculpture gallery now located ?
designed the plaster work in the art library ?
designed the main façade that stretches along cromwell gardens ?
materials were used to build the main façade ?
does the main façade stretch along cromwell gardens ?
is found on the tower above the main entrance ?
adorn which part of the tower above the main entrance ?
sculpted the representations of prince albert and queen victoria found in the main entrance ?
do the façades surround ?
designed the entrance hall and rotunda ?
material does the entrance hall and flanking staircases use predominantly ?
appears above the frame around the arches and entrance ?
received the first major post-war work ?
did the museum acquire from the royal college of science ?
was constructed between 1978 and 1982 to link the henry cole wing to the rest of the museum ?
designed the iron gates that decorate the new entrance building ?
was intended for the site of the former boiler house ?
was redesigned in the 1990s and later improved in 2002 ?
was restored in the sculpture gallery during its renovated in 2006 ?
was the title given to the major project to redesign all the galleries in the museum ?
a subway tunnel from the museum leads ?
designed the new medieval and renaissance galleries which opened in 2009 ?
redesigned the central garden ?
the redesigned central garden opened in 2005 with ?
is the water feature in the john madejski garden ?
the steps around the water feature can be drained for uses ?
is planted in the two corners by the north facade ?
did the v & a opened the first permanent architectural history gallery in the uk ?
did the v & a partnered with to open the first permanent architectural history gallery in the uk ?
architectural drawings does the v & a hold in its collection ?
was transferred to the museum when the new architectural history gallery opened ?
architectural photographs does the v & a hold in its collection ?
the riba 's drawing collection of italian architect is considered the largest in the world ?
lone female architect listed above is represented in the collection ?
is in the riba collection ?
architect , famous for designing london 's st. paul cathedral , is represented in the riba collection ?
architect , famous for the india gate in new delhi , is represented in the riba collection ?
was sir paul pindar 's house , whose façade now resides in the v & a collection , located ?
is sir pindar 's house dated ?
included in the v & a collection is dormer window dated 1523-35 from ?
a column from moorish palace and fortress complex in granada , spain , is included in the v & a collection ?
are held in the v & a collection ?
did the jameel gallery of islamic art opened ?
is considered the centerpiece of the jameel gallery of islamic art ?
some of the objects held in the jameel gallery of islamic art come ?
was the salting bequest ?
comprise the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art ?
comprise the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art ?
comprise the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art ?
did the gallery of indian art open ?
is the gallery of indian art named after ?
are included in the far eastern collections ?
are represented in the far eastern collections ?
is the name of the gallery devoted to chinese art ?
did the gallery devoted to chinese art open ?
most of the chinese works of art in the far eastern collections date from two dynasties ?
is the gallery of japanese art named after ?
did the gallery of japanese art open ?
the sculpture of amida nyorai is included in the v & a 's japanese art collection is dated to which century ?
suzuki chokichi 's incense burner dated 1875 is made from material ?
is represented in the v & a collection ?
is represented in the v & a collection ?
the influence of india can be seen religious art objects from thailand , burma and cambodia ?
some of the museum 's collection of korean boxes are inlaid ?
some of the combs in the v & a collection of south east asian art is made ?
the codex forster is a collection of notebooks famous italian renaissance polymath ?
are the three parchment-bound manuscripts of the codex forster called ?
approximately books did alexander dyce bequeathed to the museum ?
did alexander dyce bequeathed his books to the museum ?
did john forster bequeathed his large collection of books to the museum ?
the papers of famous english victorian author are collected in the library ?
the papers of famous english writer of children 's books such as the tale of peter rabbit are collected in the museum ?
the v & a library 's collection of illuminated manuscripts are dated ?
does the armagnac manuscript in the v & a library archive depict ?
produced the illumination for the 1524 charter that is in the v & a library archive ?
the national art library at the v & a is known ?
was used by the national art library from the 1980s to the 1990s ?
is used for all material at the national art library ?
is the mostly likely to show in the v & a computer system ?
is the search feature on the v & a website called ?
did the v & a 's word and image department began a large scale digitization project ?
was the digitization project called ?
the title of the digitization project was a reference ?
were digitized during the first year of the digitization project ?
is the second phase of the digitization project ?
purchased or commissioned the works of european artists included the british galleries of the v & a ?
some non-british works in the british galleries were imported ?
is credited with the creating the baroque style of sculpture is represented in the v & a 's british galleries ?
is represented in the v & a 's british galleries ?
are included in the v & a 's british galleries ?
led to the production of tea paraphernalia such as china and caddies during the georgian period ?
is linked to design during the same period ?
is considered the leading figure in the arts and crafts movement ?
the entrepreneurs josiah wedgwood , matthew boulton and eleanor coade were influenced by manufacturing process developed during the industrial revolution ?
is replicated in full-scale in the cast courts ?
was done to the trajan 's column replica to fit it under the ceiling ?
has a full-size replica in the cast courts ?
the cast courts display plaster casts ?
is the plaster replica of verrocchio 's david displayed in the cast courts ?
are the meissen vulture in the v & a collection dated ?
designed the möllendorff dinner service ?
was möllendorff dinner service designed ?
was the salting bequest made ?
did the salting bequest enhanced ?
are represented the v & a ceramics collection ?
were the v & a 's collection of delftware produced ?
are the largest objects in the v & a ceramics and glass collection ?
the largest objects in the v & a ceramics and glass collection were produced ?
the largest objects in the v & a ceramics and glass collection were produced ?
does the v & a glass collection cover ?
are in the glass collection of the v & a ?
did the earliest item in the v & a glass collection come from ?
the art deco style of glassware is represented ?
the art noveau style of glassware is represented ?
was the main gallery of the v & a 's ceramics and glass collection redesigned ?
was responsible for the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine in the main gallery ?
was the main gallery for the v & a 's contemporary glass collection opened ?
?
is the glass beaker called luck of edenhall dated ?
are included in the v & a collection ?
are included in the v & a collection ?
is represented in the drawings collection of the v & a ?
famous dutch artist who painted the night watch is represented in the drawings collection of the v & a ?
famous french artist who painted the grande odalisque of 1814 is represented in the drawings collection of the v & a ?
are in the costume collection of the v & a ?
houses the works on paper of the costume collection ?
is the collection dominated by fashionable clothes made for special occasions ?
did the v & a received the talbot hughes collection ?
the talbot hughes collection was a gift ?
did the v & a acquired the costiff collection ?
the costiff collection comprised costumes designed by british fashion icon ?
were in the costiff collection ?
did the v & a acquired in 2002 ?
does the museum continue to acquire for its collection ?
did the objects in the soulages collection come from ?
was the soulages collection acquired ?
items comprise the john jones collection ?
was the john jones collection left to the museum ?
was the value of the john jones collection when it was left to the museum ?
has the antwerp city hall doors in the v & a collection been dated ?
has the antwerp city hall doors in the v & a collection been attributed ?
has the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet been dated ?
did the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet come from ?
are represented in the v & a furniture collection ?
comprise the jewelry collection of the v & a ?
the earliest items in the jewelry collection come ?
was reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of gems was bequeathed to the museum ?
was given to the museum ?
funded the new jewelry gallery that opened in 2008 ?
the silver and gold collection of the v & a is divided ?
is the earliest known piece of english silver with a dated hallmark is dated ?
does the hereford screen weigh ?
designed the hereford screen ?
does the v & a have it its collection ?
is the gloucester candlestick dated ?
is the gloucester candlestick made from ?
reside in the becket casket ?
is the becket casket dated ?
is the becket casket made from ?
were signed on an online petition on the parliamentary website in response to the closing of the musical instruments gallery ?
explained how the museum would preserve the collection and keep it available to the public ?
would receive items on loans from the musical instruments gallery ?
were loaned to the horniman museum ?
was the musical instruments gallery closed ?
does the museum have ?
does the museum have ?
are in the v & a collection ?
has loaned the raphael cartoons to the museum ?
painted the retable of st. george that is in the v & a collection ?
did john sheepshanks donated a large collection of paintings ?
did john sheeshanks give to the museum ?
was the goal of john sheepshanks considerable bequest to the museum ?
an 1821 full size oil sketch famous british painting was donated by john sheepshank 's daughter in 1888 ?
the paintings donated by john sheepshanks were by artists ?
are the french paintings donated by jones displayed ?
was part of jones bequest ?
was one example of a non-french painting was included in the jones bequest of 1882 ?
was included in the jones bequest of 1882 ?
created the photographic series titled animal locomotion ?
was the animal locomotion collection created ?
photographic plates comprise the animal locomotion collection ?
do the animal locomotion photographs capture ?
does the v & a hold ?
are in the v & a sculpture collection ?
does the sculpture collection cover ?
are represented in the collection ?
museum does the v & a co-owns canova 's the three graces ?
are included in the sculpture collection ?
is the largest item from italy that is part of the sculpture collection ?
designed the largest item from italy that is part of the v & a sculpture collection ?
is the largest item from italy that is included in the sculpture collection dated ?
are part of the museum collection ?
donated rodin 's works to the v & a ?
were rodin 's works given to the v & a ?
britain 's support of france led to rodin donating many of his sculptures to the v & a ?
was not donated by the artist ?
british sculptor and a leading member of the new sculpture movement is represented in the v & a collection ?
include the queen victoria memorial in front of buckingham palace is included in the v & a collection ?
is represented in the v & a collection ?
are represented in the british galleries of the v & a ?
were the sculpture galleries that opened in 2006 named after ?
does the new sculpture galleries now encompass ?
are the galleries overlooking the garden arranged ?
are now represented with the opening of the new galleries ?
was among those that loaned more modern works for the new sculpture galleries ?
are in the v & a 's textiles collection ?
are represented in the v & a 's textiles collection ?
is the time period represented in the museum 's textiles collection ?
is represented the most in the textiles collection ?
besides countries of origin and date of production , are the textiles classified ?
is the oldest surviving european tapestry in the v & a collection ?
were the four devonshire hunting tapestries woven ?
were the devonshire hunting tapestries made ?
do the devonshire hunting tapestries depict ?
is represented in the v & a collection ?
is the sicilian tristan quilt dated ?
designed the forest tapestry in the v & a collection ?
was the forest tapestry created ?
the art deco period of textiles works is represented american artist ?
a rug by russian-born british designer is included in the v & a collection ?
is the former name of the v & a theatre & performance galleries ?
did the v & a theatre & performance galleries open ?
does the v & a theatre & performance galleries hold ?
is responsible for the long-term preservation of the v & a collections ?
are controlled in the museum ?
what major category of conservation result in an object is more attractive and more comprehensible to the viewer ?
besides the v & a 's , are under the responsibility of conservators at the v & a ?
include providing advice on the handling of items ?
owns the american broadcasting company ?
did abc stylize it 's logo as abc ?
is abc headquartered ?
did abc first start ?
was abc when it first began ?
did abc first get in to television broadcasts ?
in the 1980s , channel did abc purchase ?
did the abc network 's parent company merge with in the 1980s ?
does abc currently have ?
purchased abc radio properties ?
are owned-and-operated ?
handles substitution regulations for television shows ?
abc news provides content for radio stations owned ?
owned nbc in the 1930s ?
did rca own ?
did nbc red serve ?
did nbc red test ?
was tasked with testing new programs ?
filed a complaint with the fcc in 1934 concerning problems establishing new stations ?
did the fcc begin an investigation in to the operation of radio networks in america
did the fcc publish it 's report ?
was the main radio network in the 1940s in america ?
was rca using to eliminate competition in 1940 ?
did rca mandate the sale of nbc blue to in 1941 ?
was converted into an independent subsidiary by rca in 1942 ?
offered to buy the nbc blue network from mark woods ?
was rca president in 1942 ?
did dillon , read & co offer mark woods for nbc blue ?
did edward john noble own ?
was the sale of nbc blue to edward john noble authorized ?
did noble acquire the rights to the american broadcasting company name from ?
did mark woods take on at the new american broadcasting company ?
did mark woods leave abc ?
allowed abc to pre-record its shows ?
was a big star that abc was able to attract because of magnetophon technology ?
did disney sell it 's stake in eurosport for in 2000 ?
was launched by abc in 2004 ?
was abc1 discontinued because of low viewership ?
was discontinued after the shutdown of abc1 ?
is abc broadcast in , in contrast to disney 's other channels ?
did abc films begin selling programs to other networks ?
ended the need for abc to maintain interests in other countries ?
were abc 's international networks mainly situated in the 1970s ?
was abc forced to sell its interests in international networks in the 70s ?
was the first international event broadcast by abc ?
did abc expand in to in the mid-1960s ?
did abc purchase a stake in 1951 ?
was nbc unable to broadcast the coronation of queen elizabeth ii ?
was cbs unable to broadcast the coronation of queen elizabeth ii ?
did abc acquire the rights to in 2000 ?
awards show has its rights rotated among the four major networks on a yearly basis ?
did a charlie brown christmas debut ?
show does abc currently hold the rights to ?
is halloween-themed ?
did abc begin airing dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve ?
succeeded dick clark on abc 's new year 's broadcasts ?
did abc begin broadcasting the miss america pageant ?
was new year 's rockin ' eve hosted ?
assumed the rights to the miss america pageant in 2006 ?
is the longest running program in abc history ?
did good morning america begin airing ?
produced soap opera did abc air ?
are abc 's current daytime talk shows ?
did general hospital begin airing ?
did espn take over responsibility for abc 's sports division ?
is sports programming provided by abc on saturday afternoons ?
league does abc broadcast games on christmas day ?
during summers , tournaments does abc air highlight programs ?
was abc 's vice-president of engineering ?
did frank marx think would be requisitioned by the u.s. army ?
did abc submit licenses for 5 television stations ?
did the 5 applications request for broadcast ?
in 1952 , were there in the united states ?
did boston have in 1952 ?
was abc 's third major rival in 1949 ?
in 1949 , abc had less coverage than competing networks ?
was upt forced to separate themselves from in 1949 ?
did abc have in 1949 ?
in 1951 , rumors claimed that abc might be sold ?
noble acquired a loan from entity to keep abc solvent in 1951 ?
was the president of upt in 1951 ?
was the founder of cbs ?
was the agreement to acquire abc approved by upt 's board ?
was the fcc 's sixth report and order released ?
did the fcc approve upt 's purchase of abc ?
upt bough abc , what was the merged company called ?
was american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc headquartered after the merger ?
did wjz-tv in nyc begin broadcasting ?
did the fcc freeze incoming applications for new stations ?
did abc construct it 's transmitter for its affiliate station in san francisco ?
abc bought 20 acres of land in hollwood in 1949 would become what studio ?
did abc premier the flintstones ?
marked abc 's transition to color programming ?
were the creators of the flintstones ?
did abc begin making family-oriented series ?
did walt disney productions purchase abc 's shares in the disneyland theme park ?
approached walt disney about producing color broadcasts of his anthology series ?
did abc and disney 's television relationship lapse ?
did abc resume its television relationship with disney ?
was hired to produce abc 's 2001-02 identity ?
was the 2001 abc logo ?
is the nickname for abc 's logo from the 2000 campaign ?
designed abc 's 1998 new graphic design ?
did abc stop using it 's four-note jingle for promotion ?
was the new four-note jingle for abc based around ?
is the abc four-note jingle still in use ?
did the abc logo first appear as an on-screen bug ?
did the logo bug begin appearing throughout the entire program for abc shows ?
was the 40th anniversary of abc 's founding ?
accompanied the 40th anniversary logo for abc ?
did the first abc identification card have a 3d appearance ?
was the background for abc 's 1977 id sequence ?
was the dot represented in abc 's 1977 id sequence ?
designed the abc logo in it 's most known form ?
are the letters in the iconic abc logo reminiscent of ?
was the bauhaus typeface originally designed by in the 1920s ?
did paul rand 's iconic abc logo first debut ?
was rumored to be sold by abc in between may and september 2005 ?
did abc announce the restructure of abc radio ?
was abc radio restructured into in 2005 ?
did abc 's viewership end in 4th place behind the other major networks ?
helped abc jump to second place in the ratings during the 2004-2005 season ?
was named president of disney-abc television group in 2004 ?
did espn and abc sign an eight year deal with in 2005 ?
was the new two-year affiliate agreement approved ?
was the chairman and ceo of disney in 2002 ?
debuted for abc in 2002 ?
was the first spinoff of the bachelor for abc ?
removed abc stations from it 's systems in certain markets in april 2000 ?
did the fcc rule in favor of in the april 2000 dispute between time warner cable and abc ?
was the most watched for the 2000-01 season ?
was time warner cable forced to restore abc stations to affected markets ?
did abc 's '' tgif '' end ?
network did sabrina the teenage witch move in 2000 ?
began airing the tgif comedy family matters for the 1997-98 season ?
did abc first premiere who wants to be a millionaire ?
originally hosted who wants to be a millionaire for abc ?
relaunched who wants to be a millionaire as a syndicated program ?
originally hosted the syndicated version of who wants to be a millionaire ?
was the disney and abc merger first announced ?
did disney rename capital city/abc after first acquiring the company ?
did disney sell the four newspapers that abc controlled to ?
took thomas murphy 's place after the disney acquisition of abc ?
created show did abc debut in 1998 ?
did color first become a dominant format ?
in the 1965-66 season , did abc find it 's self among the other networks in ratings ?
was goldenson 's 1991 book about abc titled ?
did abc 's new york flagship stations change their call signs ?
did the abc new york flagship stations move their facilities to in 1953 ?
the wjz callsign would then be assigned to an abc affiliate ?
was appointed to be abc 's president by noble in 1950 ?
under goldenson 's merger plan , would the new entity be named ?
was to go to dumont television network under goldenson 's merger plan ?
hollywood film company was upt a subsidiary of when it merged with abc ?
was a flagship program for abc around 1954 ?
had the record for the longest running comedy until being passed by the simpsons in 2002 ?
was an adaptation of the 1947 film wyoming kid ?
was a remake of the film the boy from oklahoma ?
of all their agreements with hollywood producers in the 50s , was the most iconic for abc ?
did abc present it 's 1950s film adaptations in ?
was walt disney 's brother 's name ?
did walt disney want abc to invest in disneyland ?
did abc agree to finance disneyland ?
was the first disney program televised on abc as a result of the disney-abc agreement ?
lead the 1968 special programming for abc radio 's fm stations ?
was the abc radio president in 1968 ?
was the name for the new radio concept designed by allen shaw ?
were owned-and-operated in 1968 ?
did abc launch the movie of the week ?
did steven spielberg first gain success ?
did the steven spielberg movie duel first debut ?
was the average budget for abc movie of the week films ?
did abc finish transitioning to color ?
the 1970s allowed network to move in to first place in the ratings ?
did abc begin using in the 1970s to better target ads and programming for certain audiences ?
was debuted by abc in 1970 ?
did sunday night football premiere on nbc ?
sunday night football premiered , to which network did monday night football move ?
did mnf allow abc to attain according to goldenson ?
did the fcc vote for the financial interest and syndication rules ?
did the financial interest and syndication rules result in abc 's decision to split abc films into two companies ?
produced programming for u.s. syndication ?
did the public health cigarette smoking act ban ?
did the ban on cigarette advertising take effect for television networks ?
was abc great states sold to in 1974 ?
was named the president and ceo of abc after goldenson suffered a heart attack ?
did michael eisner first join abc ?
originated as short segment on love , american style ?
was michael eisner 's main credit in his time at abc ?
did eisner become president of when he left abc in 1976 ?
was the president of abc television in 1976 ?
was the first president and director of programming for abc entertainment ?
debuted on abc ?
did good morning america first debut ?
did fred silverman leave abc to take in 1978 ?
debuted in 1976 ?
are charlies angels and three 's company an example of ?
produced the comedy-drama the love boat ?
did the love boat run for ?
did abc first take the lead spot in television rating ?
was the first television series to feature an openly gay character ?
was named the president of abc news in 1977 ?
besides abc news , was roone arledge president of ?
is the nickname for the abc facility built at columbus avenue and west 66th street ?
was 7 lincoln square completed ?
was the newsmagazine 20/20 first created ?
was first appointed at the anchor of 20/20 ?
joined hugh downs on 20/20 ?
did abc sell it 's recording division to in 1979 ?
did abc proposed to compete with cable news company cnn ?
did abc launch in july 2004 ?
in august 1994 , flint , michigan affiliate did abc purchase ?
in august 1994 , toledo , ohio affiliate did abc purchase ?
a strike by entity resulted in a halt to production for network programs in the 2007-2008 season ?
show debuted on abc in 2007 as a replacement for striking programs ?
started rumors in 2008 that abc would sell its ten owned-and-operated stations ?
disney-abc television group merged with abc studios and other entity in 2009 ?
in 2009 , did citadel communications rebrand it 's abc radio brand as ?
marked the lowest ratings for the drama lost ?
did lost first debut ?
did abc move ugly betty to in an attempt to boost the series ratings ?
did the fcc begin imposing fin-syn rules ?
did worldvision sell a portion of it 's catalogue to in 1990 ?
handles domestic television distribution ?
was disney-abc domestic television previously known as ?
was disney-abc international television previously known as ?
contains the selmur productions catalogue ?
were the first two stations to carry abc 's programming ?
in march 2015 , did abc have ?
did abc have affiliation agreements with in 2015 ?
did abc reach in march 2015 ?
was abc 's first logo introduced ?
was abc 's logo based on after the abc-upt merger was finalized ?
did abc adopt it 's iconic circle logo ?
was supernanny canceled ?
became the only abc broadcast in 4:3 standard definition ?
since january 2012 , all abc programming has been presented ?
was the program in the first children 's program block to be broadcast in hd ?
is abc 's master feed transmitted in ?
do hearst television 's abc affiliates transmit in ?
carry the abc network feed in 480i standard definition ?
is the native format for the walt disney company 's us tv properties ?
was the only drama extended for a second season for the 2010-11 schedule ?
was the only comedy to earn a second season for the 2010-11 schedule ?
did abc beat out for third place in television ratings in 2010-11 ?
was canceled by abc after a bad midseason run in 2010-11 ?
did abc cancel in 2011 ?
did abc sell the rights to all my children and one life to live to ?
were all my children and one life to live revived on for one season ?
show replaced one life to live ?
in 2013-14 , nbc finished in first place in the 18-49 demographic for the first time since ?
did abc debut in 2013-14 ?
was cancelled by abc in 2013 ?
were featured on abc 's new wednesday comedy lineup ?
did shark tank debut on ?
in 2012-13 , abc debuted a comedy last man standing starring ?
departed as president of capital cities/abc in 1994 ?
initially took over as president of capital cities/abc after daniel burke left ?
debuted on abc in september 1994 ?
was the creator of nypd blue ?
did nypd blue last ?
were the financial interest and syndication rules repealed ?
did abc purchase in 1993 ?
did abc reach an agreement with in 1993 to carry it 's owned-and-operated stations in abc o & o markets ?
was abc 's viewership share in 1993 ?
did abc purchase in may 1960 ?
did wls launch a lineup of abc radio programs ?
sought abc 's help in launching a station in 1960 ?
did leonard goldenson offer to invest in before the canadian radio-television commission ruled against abc ?
created abc 's wide world of sports ?
originally produced wide world of sports for abc ?
abc purchased of edgar scherick 's company ?
was the corporate entity american broadcasting-paramount theatres renamed in 1965 ?
was the name of the blind date concept program debuted by abc in 1966 ?
gameshow featuring newly married people was debuted by abc in july 1966 ?
did goldenson secure a new headquarters for abc ?
did the three big networks represent in 1980 ?
debuted on abc in the 80s ?
was a happy days spinoff that debuted in the 1980s on abc ?
did abc launch in 1981 that focused on cultural and arts programming ?
did abc sell kxyz to in 1983 ?
in 1984 , the abc arts channel arts was merged ?
was the resulting channel of the arts merger called ?
succeeded thomas murphy as president in 1990 ?
did thomas murphy stay on for after stepping down as president ?
did capital cities/abc report in revenues in 1990 ?
in 1990 , was the longest running primetime entertainment program in abc 's history ?
featuring stand up comedian tim allen debuted in 1991 ?
is currently featured in abc 's daytime programming ?
are currently featured during daytime programming on abc ?
between does good morning america air on abc ?
hosts the weeknight talk show featured on abc networks ?
are the only states where abc does n't have a licensed affiliate ?
is the low-power station that serves birmingham , alabama for abc ?
maintains digital simulcasts on a subchannel ?
is the abc affiliate that serves lima , ohio ?
began producing television series for abc in 1962 ?
was touchstone television reorganized into in 2007 ?
is located in hollywood , ca ?
is located in new york city ?
does abc own at 1500 broadway in nyc ?
are broadcast from the times square studios for abc ?
a block of west end avenue houses an abc news building was renamed for what abc anchor ?
did peter jennings anchor for abc ?
is abc 's traditional vod service currently named ?
did hulu begin offering abc 's programs for streaming ?
are recent episodes of abc shows typically made available on vod services ?
disney-abc television group implemented restrictions for hulu and watch abc made episodes available only after how many days after initial broadcast ?
does abc on demand disallow for online viewers ?
did disney-abc television group implement restrictions on hulu and watch abc to encourage live viewing ?
is the new abc logo currently displayed in ?
was created for abc for use in advertising ?
uses a red version of the new abc logo ?
did abc have in 1954 ?
did cbs have in 1954 ?
was passed by congress for the television industry in 1961 ?
relegation to secondary status for abc resulted in viewership lower than their competitors , according to goldenson ?
very small markets had to wait until decade to support an abc affiliate ?
was the disneyland anthology series retitled in 1958 ?
pitched the untouchables to cbs in 1958 ?
did cbs turn down the pitch for the untouchables ?
did the untouchables debut on abc ?
was the title of abc 's broadcast film program that debuted on sundays in 1962 ?
was abc 's revenue in 1962 ?
produced the animated series the flintstones for abc ?
was the first series to be televised in color on abc ?
did general hospital first debut on abc ?
had doubts about the itt and abc merger ?
was the merger between itt and abc officially canceled ?
in 1984 thomas murphy contacted leonard goldenson about merging abc with ?
did capital cities communications purchase abc and its properties for ?
new ownership rules by the fcc in 1985 allowed broadcasters to own a maximum ?
did the merger between abc and capital cities gain federal approval ?
after the merger between abc and capital cities was completed , was the resulting company known as ?
after the capital cities - abc merger , frederick pierce was named ?
became the vice president of abc broadcasting ?
in the wake of the abc and capital cities merger , was the president of abc news and abc sports ?
ended its broadcast run for abc in 1983 ?
produced a spinoff for abc after ending its run in 1984 ?
regained the ratings lead in america in 1984 ?
ended its broadcast run in 1986 ?
abc began to focus on after nbc 's success in 1984 ?
debuted in 1989 for abc ?
does '' tgif '' stand for ?
were produced by what production company ?
miller-boyett productions was a studio affiliated ?
new broadcast regulations from the fcc in 1968 allowed companies to own a maximum of ?
was the first picture released by abc pictures ?
was the film charly produced by ?
was the abc pictures division eventually dissolved ?
was abc marine world opened ?
can be credited for abc 's success in the late 1950s ?
did advertising revenue increase for abc between 1953 and 1958 ?
was the national viewership reach of abc in 1958 ?
was the abc entertainment president in 1957 ?
hosted the bandstand show debuted on abc in 1957 ?
was the programming philosophy pioneered by abc and goldenson ?
abc action series went up against nbc 's variety shows in fall 1957 ?
criticized abc 's programming strategy in may 1961 ?
were used as counterprogramming by abc in the fall of 1959 ?
did abc launch in may 2013 ?
were the first local stations to offer streams of their programming on watch abc ?
reached a deal to also stream its abc affiliates ?
is the name of espn 's streaming service that is analogous to watch abc ?
is the largest operator of abc stations ?
is the biggest abc subchannel affiliate by the size of markets ?
is the largest abc station operator in terms of market reach ?
does sinclair broadcast group service or own ?
does the e. w. scripps company own ?
was the name for the imaging campaign abc began in 2007 ?
developed the 2007 imaging campaign for abc ?
are the two abc affiliates for tampa , florida ?
are the two abc affiliates for kansas city , missouri ?
are the two abc affiliates for grand rapids michigan ?
was tampa 's primary abc affiliate prior to 1994 ?
do we call the empire that genghis khan founded ?
did genghis khan 's armies massacre civilians ?
areas did genghis khan control at the end of his life ?
did genghis khan conquer ?
did genghis khan assign as his successor ?
did genghis khan die ?
was the last one genghis khan conquered before he died ?
among was genghis khan 's empire split after his death ?
was genghis khan buried ?
was genghis khan likely born ?
was genghis khan 's father ?
was temüjin , who became genghis khan , likely born ?
might temüjin have been named after ?
was temüjin ' sister 's name ?
were temüjin 's three full brothers ?
was the name of the wife arranged for temüjin by his father ?
did temüjin move in with at nine years of age ?
was the head of the household that temüjin joined when he was nine years old ?
took up the role of male leader of the family ?
would begter have married when he came of age ?
killed begter , temüjin 's half-brother ?
was temüjin 's half-brother begter killed ?
captured and held temüjin prisoner around 1177 ?
was temüjin kept imprisoned by the tayichi'ud ?
helped temüjin escape the tayichi'ud ?
joined forces with temüjin around the time of his escape from the tayichi'ud ?
did temüjin hide during his escape from the tayichi'ud ?
was used to from political alliances among the mongolian tribal confederations ?
taught temüjin early lessons about politics in mongolia ?
often meddled in the mongolian political scene ?
did temüjin 's mother emphasize in his lessons about mongolia 's volatile political climate ?
was the tribe of the woman temüjin married when he was around 16 years old ?
kidnapped temüjin 's first wife soon after they were married ?
helped temüjin rescue his wife from the merkits ?
was the name of temüjin 's wife börte 's first son ?
did börte 's give birth to jochi ?
did börte bear genghis khan after jochi ?
was the name of börte 's second male child ?
did two of ghengis khan and börte 's sons die ?
was born last ?
are known ?
is an anda ?
was temüjin 's first important alliance ?
did toghrul lead ?
did toghrul provide temüjin when his wife was captured ?
did toghrul suggest he also enlist ?
did jamukha support that were not part of temüjin 's power base ?
aided temüjin 's rise ?
was temüjin elected khan of the mongols ?
did temüjin lose to jamukha shortly after his election as khan ?
was temüjin 's patron toghrul exiled ?
was the name of temüjin 's laws ?
did temüjin promise his followers in exchange for their obedience ?
did temüjin 's mother adopt to help integrate the tribes he conquered ?
did temüjin offer the people he conquered in order earn their loyalty ?
did toghrul refuse to give his daughter in marriage , angering temüjin ?
did toghrul join in a campaign against temüjin ?
escaped when temüjin emerged victorious in his conflict with toghrul ?
fell apart after temüjin defeated toghrul ?
protected jamukha after he escaped the conflict with temüjin ?
was jamukha elected gür khan ?
does the title gür khan mean ?
abandoned jamukha 's coalition against temüjin ?
was jamukha surrendered to temüjin ?
did temüjin offer jamukha after the latter 's defeat ?
did temüjin kill those of jamukha 's followers that had betrayed their leader ?
did jamukha request from temüjin instead of friendship ?
did genghis khan learn seige warfare ?
did genghis khan famously measure against the linchpin ?
an important shaman was alleged to be trying to distance genghis khan from of his brothers ?
did genghis khan exploit for intelligence gathering ?
was the ally of his father that genghis khan fell out as time passed ?
had temüjin created a significant '' mongol '' tribal alliance ?
is the term for a meeting of mongol chiefs ?
was given to genghis khan posthumously ?
gave genghis khan the title khadan ?
made temüjin khan of the mongols ?
did genghis khan plan to attack after conquering western xia ?
was the jin dynasty defector who betrayed the location of the jin army ?
did genghis khan capture the jin dynasty capital ?
did the jin emporer relocate his capital after genghis khan overran the norther part of his empire ?
completed the conquest of the jin dynasty ?
took control of qara khitai after fleeing temüjin 's mongol empire ?
was replaced by the western liao , or qara khitai ?
did genghis khan send against kuchlug and qara khitai ?
did genghis khan send to conquer qara khitai ?
was genghis khan 's general jebe known by ?
did jebe 's army use against kuchlug and his supporters ?
did jebe 's forces first defeat kuchlug ?
far west did the mongol empire extend after kuchlug 's demise ?
bordered the mongol empire to the west in 1218 ?
was the khwarezmia ?
was the leader of the khwarezmian dynasty in the early 1200s ?
ordered the attack on the caravan of traders genghis khan send to khwarezmia ?
did the shah have beheaded ?
did genghis khan take with him to khwarezmia ?
route joined khwarezmia and the mongol empire ?
did genghis khan cross to enter the khwarezmian empire ?
comprised genghis khan 's army in khwarezmia ?
did jebe 's division of genghis khan 's army campaign in khwarezmia ?
led the third division in khwarezmia alongside genghis khan himself ?
did the first and second divisions of the mongol army target in a pincer attack ?
enable the weary mongol forces easy early victories ?
did genghis khan order in retribution for the treatment of his envoys ?
was used in inalchuq 's execution ?
did the shah do when faced with defeat by genghis khan 's forces ?
did genghis khan charge with finding and punishing the shah ?
was the capital of khwarezmia before the mongol invasion ?
was the khwarezmid capital moved after genghis khan 's forces prevailed in samarkand ?
does legend say genghis khan used to obliterate the kharezmid emporer 's place of birth ?
did the mongols shield themselves with while attacking samarkand ?
did genghis khan observed the surrender terms after samarkand fell ?
did the mongols build on the plains outside samarkand ?
did the leaders of the city of bukhara respond to the mongol attack ?
continued to hold the citadel of bukhara after the mongols took the rest of the city ?
were spared and sent back to mongolia ?
did genghis khan describe himself to the people of bukhara ?
became part of the mongolian army ?
did the khwarezmian empire fall to genghis khan ?
called for the mongolian army to split in two after the khwarezmian conquest ?
did jebe and subutai spend the winter following the split of the mongol army ?
was the kievian force that confronted subutai 's army defeated in 1223 ?
led the kievian rus ' troops against subutai 's mongol army ?
completed the conquest of kievan rus ' ?
was the mongol army that finally conquered bulgaria known ?
added persia to the mongol empire ?
did subutai 's army return to mongolia ?
did jebe die ?
did genghis khan strike against the tanguts ?
was it when genghis khan took xiliang-fu from the tanguts ?
won the battle near the helan mountains ?
did genghis khan cross before defeating the main tangut army ?
was genghis khan reported to have seen assuring his coming victory against the tanguts ?
was the name of the tangut capital ?
was the tangut general who fought genghis khan at deshun ?
caused the wounds that killed tangut general ma jianlong ?
did genghis khan spend the summer after taking deshun ?
did genghis khan do to the tangut imperial family after their surrender ?
was most opposed to jochi as genghis khan 's successor ?
before did chagatai publicly dispute jochi 's paternity ?
was appointed genghis khan 's successor ?
were most rivalrous ?
was disqualified from being successor because of his unstable behavior ?
's of genghis khan 's successors could not be successor because of his age ?
did genghis khan view as his most dependable one ?
did jochi remain after genghis khan sent for his sons in the spring of 1223 ?
did jochi try to protect that may have led to a dispute with his brothers ?
did jochi reportedly enlist to help him stop his father 's massacres ?
genghis khan was in the process of taking what capital city he died ?
does the secret history say genghis khan was doing when he sustained his mortal injuries ?
did marco pole report as the cause of genghis khan 's death ?
is suspected of inventing the story that genghis khan was murdered by a captured princess ?
was genghis khan 's tribes burial custom ?
is genghis khan 's presumed to have been delivered ?
is near genghis khan 's likely place of burial ?
was built years after genghis khan 's death and burial ?
is the mongolian name for the original place of the genghis khan mausoleum ?
hosted the genghis khan mausoleum during the japanese occupation ?
did the chinese nationalists move the mausoleum away from advancing chinese communist forces ?
was the mausoleum returned to the lord 's enclosure in mongolia ?
destroyed the most valuable relics in the mausoleum during the cultural revolution ?
was genghis khan 's palace rediscovered by archeaologists ?
is rumored to be obscuring genghis khan 's burial site ?
had their graves hidden under a river ?
may have been stampeded over genghis khan 's grave site ?
created the code that governed military and civilian conduct in the mongol empire ?
was the name of the mongol empire 's legal code ?
was the guiding principle of the mongol empire code of conduct ?
is an example of the diversity of leadership in the mongol empire ?
did religious leaders , teachers , and doctors get in the mongol empire ?
practiced christianity ?
was religion handled in the mongol empire ?
are examples of the various religions of mongol tribes ?
took a leadership role in the mongol empire while succession was being determined ?
is the modern term for the mongolian policies supporting trade and communication ?
is an example of a sedentary people who were not favored by the laws of the mongol empire ?
do some modern historians claim genghis khan sought to add his legal code at the end of his reign ?
became an important administrator in the mongol empire ?
would mongols have too little experience to govern cities they conquered ?
khitan had been overthrown by dynasty that genghis khan later defeated ?
were chu ` tsai 's forefathers ?
shared similar privileges to his close family members ' ?
was the capital of the mongol empire ?
was delegated command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty ?
raided the caucasas and kievan rus ' for genghis khan ?
did genghis khan expect from his generals alongside the autonomy he granted them ?
would mongol armies divert in order to cut off the resources of cities they were attacking ?
were the cultural origins of the engineers and technology adopted by the mongol military ?
did mongol armies lure enemy groups out of their defensive positions ?
were enemy prisoners used tactically by mongol armies ?
bordered genghis khan 's empire to the east when he died ?
sat to the west of the mongol empire when genghis khan died ?
led the most rapid expansion of the mongol empire ?
was the conflict with the song dynasty concluded ?
trading route did genghis khan bring a stable political climate ?
in is genghis khan 's title a popular name for male children ?
was the genghis khan 's characteristic approach to religious diversity ?
did genghis khan 's career have on communication and trade across asia ?
saw brightening of the perception of genghis khan in mongolia ?
is the key accomplishment of genghis khan that modern mongolians celebrate ?
do mongolians sometime describe their relationship to genghis khan ?
is the general perception of non-mongolian histories of genghis khan by mongolians themselves ?
is the name of contemporary mongolian currency ?
is on the larger denominations of mongolian currency ?
is the name of mongolia 's largest airport ?
have mongolian politicians considered regulating the use of genghis khan 's name ?
is near a major statue of genghis khan ?
is the mongolian name of the first mongolian laws codified in writing ?
did mongolian president tsakhiagian elbegdorj note was significantly punished by genghis khan 's laws ?
lauded genghis khan on the 850th anniversary of the conqueror 's birth ?
is credited to genghis khan ?
is genghis khan most favorably viewed today ?
is the population of the inner mongolia region of china ?
is remembered as having reunified china ?
did the mongols found ?
was kublai khan 's relation to genghis khan ?
genghis khan as a contemptible perpetrator of genocide ?
did genghis khan kill ?
do historians estimate genghis khan killed in the iranian plateau ?
sacked baghdad ?
halted the advance of hulagu khan across the middle east ?
pushed the mamluks out of palestine ?
did genghis khan 's grandson invade kievan rus ' ?
were not destroyed by the mongol invasion ?
tried to dissociate themselves from the mongol massacres in the middle east ?
was most celebrated by the mughal emperors ?
from was the muslim historical figure attar , whose murder by the mongols was long remembered ?
may have contributed to the appellation genghis ?
did the mongolians call tenggis ?
does zhèng mean ?
jenggis is the adjectival form ?
most closely matches its probable pronunciation ?
is the mongolian spelling of genghis khan ?
is genghis khan spelled in turkic ?
is temüjin written in pinyin ?
are alternate english spelling of genghis ?
is genghis khan written in pinyin ?
is the word pharmacy taken from ?
goods were sold in a pharma ?
did the greek root pharmakos imply ?
would the word apothecary be viewed by contemporary english speakers ?
was used by pharmas ?
are pharmacists ?
do pharmacists aim for with their patients ?
are pharmacists important for ?
do many pharmacists play ?
do pharmacists have ?
oversees a pharmacy technician in the uk ?
with must a pharmacy technician register ?
is a main duty of the gphc ?
is a pharmacy technician considered to be ?
might a pharmacy technician have ?
is pedanius dioscorides known for ?
is the name of the latin translation of dioscorides ' book ?
resulted from dioscorides ' book ?
was a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in ancient greece ?
added to dioscorides ' book in the islamic golden age ?
were the men who did tasks like those of today 's pharmacists viewed in japan in the asuka and nara periods ?
were the roles of pharmacists codified ?
put a hierarchical structure in place ?
did pharmacists have in the pre-heian imperial court ?
did the pharmacist stand in relation to the emperor 's personal physicians ?
developments scientists influenced the creation of pharmacology in medieval islam ?
was influential in promoting the use of chemical compounds as medicines ?
did al-muwaffaq differentiate between ?
does one pharmacy in croatia date back to ?
is the oldest pharmacy stated to be located ?
is the medieval esteve pharmacy used as at present ?
are displayed in the esteve pharmacy museum ?
is the oldest pharmacy said to have been established ?
is the dispensary subject to in a majority of countries ?
were pharmacy technicians formerly limited to ?
do pharmacy technicians depend on more and more ?
are new responsibilities pharmacy technicians now deal with ?
does pharmacy legislation mandate ?
do pharmacists acquire more preparation following pharmacy school ?
do clinical pharmacists specialize in ?
is one issue that adds to the complexity of a pharmacist 's job ?
are likely to seek additional education following pharmacy school ?
are many hospital pharmacies located ?
form are most hospital medications ?
have begun to be outsourced ?
is one factor that increases the importance of the pharmacy performing at a high level ?
are some advantages of hospital pharmacies ?
do the services given by pharmacists provide ?
is the origin of clinical pharmacy ?
do clinical pharmacists work with much of the time ?
do clinical pharmacists often participate in ?
do clinical pharmacists work with patients ?
is one example of what a clinical pharmacist 's duties entail ?
is involved in a review of prescribed medications ?
are the components of drug therapy ?
are some other factors a pharmacist must monitor ?
are ambulatory care pharmacists given in the u.s. federal health care system ?
are pharmacist clinicians given prescriptive and diagnostic authority ?
was ambulatory care pharmacy approved as its own certification ?
will a pharmacist who passes the ambulatory pharmacist exam be called ?
are included in the federal health care system ?
is consultant pharmacy mainly concerned with ?
do a majority of consultant pharmacists tend to work ?
are some large pharmacy management companies ?
is the main reason consulting pharmacists are increasingly working directly with patients ?
do some community pharmacies do ?
did internet pharmacies begin to come into being ?
often operates internet pharmacies ?
are internet pharmacies also called ?
is one reason a patient might choose an internet pharmacy ?
is the main difference between online pharmacies and community pharmacies ?
might customers order from internet pharmacies ?
has criticized ordering from online pharmacies that do n't require prescriptions ?
is a criticism of online pharmacies that issue drugs without a prescription ?
do some internet pharmacies engage in ?
do most online pharmacies do ?
is one problem with internet pharmacies ?
conditions must be met for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid ?
is one problem with internet pharmacies ?
conditions must be met to prescribe a controlled substance ?
is the obligation of a pharmacy filling a prescription ?
defines what constitutes a patient-doctor relationship ?
is an example of a controlled substance ?
is a reason for the movement to legalize importing medicines from other countries ?
is one country that has been suggested for importation of medicines ?
are fda laws against importing medications aimed at ?
is there a push for in the u.s. to reduce consumer drug costs ?
does pharmacy informatics bring together ?
fields may pharmacy informatics also work in ?
will the growth in pharmacy informatics meet ?
is pharmacy informatics growing ?
drugs approved by the fda in 2013 were specialty drugs ?
are specialty drugs often used against ?
do specialty pharmacies stock ?
besides drugs , do specialty pharmacies provide ?
are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions ?
do most jurisdictions say can give scheduled drugs to the public ?
has stated that physicians can also dispense drugs under specific conditions ?
is the estimate of how many physicians give out drugs on their own ?
are pharmacists forbidden to do ?
is another country that permits physicians to give out drugs from within their practice ?
are some physicians permitted to prescribe and give out medications within their practices ?
is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician to give out medication ?
is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician in austria to give out medicine ?
is majority rule used ?
might a physician diagnose a large number of conditions ?
might a physician take advantage of self-interest ?
might the doctor 's self-interest be at odds with the patient 's self-interest ?
will be the importance of the pharmacist in coming decades ?
are pharmacists believed to be taking on more in the future ?
is included in medication therapy management ?
are examples of clinical services that pharmacists can provide ?
are outcomes expected with medication therapy management ?
provinces in canada limit the rights of pharmacists in prescribing ?
pays australian pharmacists for doing home medicines reviews ?
are pharmacists in the united kingdom being increasingly paid for ?
have increased in influence on pharmacy in the united states ?
is now mandatory in the u.s. in order to be a licensed pharmacist ?
are the two symbols that signify pharmacy in english-speaking countries ?
was employed until early in the 20th century ?
uses the bowl of hygieia as a symbol of pharmacy ?
use a red stylized a to signify pharmacy ?
use the green greek cross as a symbol of pharmacy ?
is the immune system ?
does the immune system protect against ?
are two of its subsystems ?
is the subsystem that protects the human brain ?
is the immune system ?
does the immune system protect against ?
are two of its subsystems ?
are the agents the immune system detects known as ?
protects the brain ?
separates the neuroimmune system and peripheral immune system in humans ?
are the agents detected by the immune system called ?
are the two major subsystems of the immune system ?
are the two different types of immunity ?
is the immune system of the brained known as ?
do pathogens avoid detection ?
do bacteria have ?
formed basic immune mechanisms ?
does adaptive/acquired immunity help in the future ?
the immune systems of bacteria have enzymes protect against infection by what kind of cells ?
are antimicrobial peptides that evolved as immune defense in eukaryotes called ?
the idea of acquired immunity in jawed vertebrates is the basis ?
is the ability to recognize and adapt to new specific pathogens called ?
can result from disorders of the immune system ?
does immunodeficiency occur ?
does immunodeficiency cause ?
happens when the immune system less active than normal ?
is the term for a hyperactive immune system that attacks normal tissues ?
involves the study of the immune system ?
acquired condition results in immunodeficiency in humans ?
is the earliest known reference to immunity ?
did pierre-louis moreau de maupertuis work with ?
came up with germ theory ?
discovered the yellow fever virus ?
won the nobel prize in 1905 ?
did robert koch prove was the cause of infectious disease ?
did walter reed discover ?
was the first known historical reference to immunity ?
is another name for an immune system 's improved response ?
comes after an organism 's physical barriers ?
comes after the innate response ?
are found in all plants and animals ?
is activated by the innate response ?
allows the adaptive immune system to react faster and more strongly each subsequent time a pathogen is encountered ?
is the first line of defense against pathogens that prevents them from entering an organism ?
are parts of the body of an organism in immunology ?
are recognized as foreign by the immune system ?
is shorthand for antibody generators ?
identifies microbes and triggers immune response ?
for most organisms , is the dominant system of defense ?
the innate immune system responds in a generic way , meaning it is ?
is a mechanical barrier in insects that protects the insect ?
is an example of a mechanical barrier on leaves ?
protect the lungs by mechanically ejecting pathogens from the respiratory system ?
is secreted by the respiratory tract to trap microorganisms ?
the flushing action of expels pathogens from the eyes ?
are the anitmicrobial peptides secreted by the skin called ?
are antibacterial in nature ?
semen contains in order to kill pathogens ?
protect against ingested pathogens ?
serves as a biological barrier by competing for space and food in the gi tract ?
is found in unpasteurized yogurt ?
is one of the first responses the immune system has to infection ?
causes the symptoms of inflammation ?
compounds are released by injured or infected cells , triggering inflammation ?
eicosanoids include what compounds result in fever and blood vessel dilation ?
cytokines are responsible for communication between white blood cells ?
engulf or eat pathogens and foreign particles ?
a pathogen has been eaten by a phagocyte it becomes trapped in what vesicle ?
is formed when a phagosome fuses with a lysosome ?
are two types of phagocytes that travel through the body to find invading pathogens ?
are the most abundant kind of phagocyte ?
do neutrophils represent ?
is the process in which neutrophils move towards the site of inflammation called ?
is a regulatory factor produced by macrophages ?
are white blood cells known as ?
are the second arm of the innate immune system ?
are three kinds of phagocytes ?
are the phagocytes that are located in tissues in contact with the external environment called ?
are one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system ?
natural killer cells recognize cells should be targeted by a condition known as what ?
is one part of the innate immune system that does n't attack microbes directly ?
missing self desribes cells only have small amounts of what cell-surface marker ?
did the adaptive immune system first evolve ?
the adaptive immune system recognizes non-self antigens during a process called ?
antigen specificity allows responses are specific to certain types of what ?
are the two major subtypes of t cells ?
have the purpose of modulating the immune response ?
recognizes intact antigens that are not associated with mhc receptors ?
kill cells that are infected with pathogens ?
helps in recognizing the mhc-antigen complex ?
is the receptor that killer t cells use to bind to specific antigens that are complexed with the mhc class 1 receptor of another cell ?
induces apoptosis in the target cell ?
an activated killer t cell finds cells where the mhc 1 receptor has specific antigens , it releases cytotoxins such as what ?
recruits molecules inside the t cell that are responsible for cell activation ?
must be bound to a mhc : antigen complex in order for the cell to be activated ?
the receptors on a killer t cell must bind to mhc : antigen complexes in order to activate the cell ?
activation of a helper t cell causes it to release that influence cell activity ?
is a ligand on the cell surface that is upregulated after helper t cell activation ?
gamma delta t cells have a different version ?
help with both innnate and adaptive immunity ?
respond to common molecules produced by microbes ?
identifies pathogens when the antibodies on its surface complex with a specific foreign antigen ?
is the process by which the antigen/antibody complex is processed in to peptides ?
does the matching helper t cell release when it binds with the mhc : antigen complex of the b cell ?
b cells and t cells begin to replicate , what do some of their offspring cells become ?
is an example of what kind of immune response ?
is transported from the mother to baby across the placenta ?
antibodies are transferred to the gut of the infant through means ?
female sex hormones are immunostimulators ?
is an autoimmune disease that affects women preferentially ?
is the effect of testosterone on the male immune system ?
is a protein that is closely intertwined with circadian rhythms ?
disruptions in sleep can lead to increase in ?
results in diminished immune response and lower antibody production ?
is partially responsible for weakened immune response in older individuals ?
as a person gets older , does the skin produce less of ?
the production of signalling molecules is regulated by the immune system ?
help to destroy abnormal cells in tumors ?
the immune system also produces in order to allow for tumor destruction by the complement system ?
cells of the site of an infection in a plant undergo process to prevent spread of the disease ?
is a kind of defense response that makes the entire plant resistant to a particular agent ?
is a mechanism that can help plants block virus replication ?
are the result of an overactive immune response ?
are the specialized cells that eliminate cells that recognize self-antigens located ?
occur when part of the immune system is n't active ?
two age groups is the strength of the immune system reduced ?
do immune responses typically begin to decline ?
are some causes of reduced immune function in developed countries ?
is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing nations ?
can active immunity be generated in an artificial manner ?
is the process of vaccination also known as ?
in the process of vaccination , is introduced in order to develop a specific immunity ?
bacteria often secrete to ingest a physical barrier ?
involves inserting a hollow tube into a host cell ?
formulated the idea of clonal selection theory of immunity ?
are two examples of nonself entities in accordance with frank burnet 's theory ?
is the complex '' two-signal '' activation of t cells referred to ?
when he was formulating his theory of immunity ?
are the most powerful class of anti-inflammatory drugs ?
are two examples of cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs ?
is an example of an immunosuppressive drug that prevents t cell activity by altering signal transduction pathways ?
are examples of differentiated effector cells that peak during wake periods ?
are two anti-inflammatory molecules that peak during awake hours ?
does a t cell extend when it encounters a foreign pathogen ?
is the active form of vitamin d known as ?
is the nature of the relationship between t-cells and vitamin d ?
is responsible for converting calcidiol into calcitriol ?
other than t cells , other immune cells express cyp27b1 ?
are the proteins that organisms use to identify molecules associated with pathogens ?
are the antimicrobial peptides that are the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity called ?
is also used for immune response in most types of invertebrate life ?
pathway that plays a role in immune response to viruses is present in all eukaryotes ?
only exist in jawed vertebrates ?
are two examples of primitive jawless vertebrates ?
primitive jawless vertebrates possess an array of receptors referred to as ?
invertebrates do not generate what type of cells are a part of the vertebrate adaptive immune system ?
is the main defense mechanism of bacteria known as ?
the restriction modification system is used by bacteria for protection ?
is the system by which prokaryotes retain phage gene fragments that they have previously come in contact with ?
were the two main theories of immunity at the end of the 19th century ?
was the main proponent of the cellular theory of immunity ?
were responsible for immune response ?
were proponents of the humoral theory of immunity ?
tumors are able to evade the body 's immune response can become what ?
do tumor cells often have reduced concentrations of ?
is a chemical secreted by tumors that suppresses the immune response ?
is the name for a response of the immune system that damages the body 's native tissues ?
are there ?
is associated with allergies ?
is the chemical that mediates type 1 hypersensitivity ?
is the process by which pathogens evade the immune system by hiding inside the host cells called ?
is an example of intracellular pathogenesis ?
is the eukaryotic parasite responsible for malaria known as ?
lives inside a protective capsule that serves to prevent cell lysis ?
does staphylococcus aureus produce to make antibodies ineffective ?
is the process by which the adaptive immune system is evaded by the chainging of non-essential epitopes called ?
is an example of a virus that uses antigenic variation ?
is an example of a parasite that used the antigenic variation strategy to evade destruction ?
compounds can be masked with the molecules of the host cell in order for a virus to evade detection ?
is the process by which the immune system identifies tumors called ?
is the virus in humans that causes cervical cancer ?
is an example of an enzyme that can transform skin cells into tumors when expressed at high levels ?
are cancerous tumors of the skin known as ?
are the skin cells that can be transformed into tumors known as ?
at size and larger can drugs elicit a neutralizing immune response ?
are overrepresented in epitope regions ?
is the study of proteins involved in immune response known as ?
there is a public database of epitopes for pathogens known to be recognizable ?
is the field of studying immunogenicity through bioinformatics known as ?
drop in the blood levels of cortisol and epinephrine results in increase levels ?
can the deposition of compliment kill invader cells directly ?
is a product of what process ?
results when complement proteins bind to microbes and activate their protease activity ?
is it called when people in society rebel against laws they think are unfair ?
is an example of major civil disobedience in south africa ?
was the movement called that brought baltic countries independence from the soviet union ?
in 2004 the orange revolution occurred in ?
was the location of the 2003 rose revolution ?
brought forward one of the earliest examples of civil disobedience ?
was one of the earliest examples of civil disobedience against ?
do people chose civil disobedience to protest ?
does civil disobedience protest against ?
was known for it 's disobedience ?
sophocles demonstrated civil disobedience in a play was called ?
is antigone 's father in the play ?
is the name of the current king of thebes in the play ?
portrays civil disobedience ?
is creon trying to stop antigone from doing in the play ?
showed an early depiction of civil disobedience ?
in antigone , was the target of civil disobedience ?
was the protest in antigone about ?
after the peterloo massacre wrote the massacre of anarchy ?
inspired by shelley was the name of gandhi 's doctrine ?
used similarity and likeness of percy shelly in his writing ?
wrote the poem the mark of anarchy ?
was the principle shown in the mark of anarchy ?
practiced civil disobedience ?
vice president agnew describes civil disobedience ?
argues that civil disobedience is used to describe everything ?
in modern times , is said about civil disobedience ?
has been plaguing the civil disobedience movement .
wrote that it is difficult to produce an all inclusive definition of civil disobedience ?
le grand states studying civil disobedience will often run into grammatical niceties and what other problem ?
le grand concludes that an author 's words offer only they intended for them to imply regarding this type of terminology ?
has been written regarding civil disobedience ?
plagues the literature about civil disobedience ?
falls under civil disobedience without aggression ?
is accompanied by aggression ?
if the head of government refuses to enforce a decision of the highest court could be used ?
is civil disobedience typically defined in connection of the citizen 's ?
would a person be considered to be excising a constitutional impasse ?
constitutional impasse is distinct key term ?
does civil disobedience relate to ?
does not constitute as civil disobedience ?
can not be attributed civil disobedience ?
civil disobedience is mainly performed ?
can not be part of civil disobedience ?
argues pitching the conscience versus the collective ?
was thoreau 's punishment for not paying his taxes ?
did thoreau ask a public figure the taxman to do ?
thoreau mentions type of person could corrupt a government system ?
is the final judge of right and wrong ?
is to blame for acting unjustly ?
was famous for disobedience against a tax collector ?
advise did thoreau give the tax collector when unable to perform his duty ?
did thoreau claim about the majority ?
claims that public companies can also be part of civil disobedience ?
do some theories claim about civil disobedience ?
is often target of civil disobedience ?
stephen eilmann asks show public civil disobedience instead what is a better idea ?
were defying the pharaoh in the story from the book of exodus ?
must be done to make non public lawbreaking acknowledged as civil disobedience ?
is necessary to disobey ?
is sometimes more effective than civil disobedience at times ?
is a good example of moral civil disobedience ?
discusses civil disobedience ?
cristian bay 's encyclopedia concludes that civil disobedience does not only include ?
contains a non - violent definition ?
is considered much more destructive ?
people behaving with civil disobedience is not-violent is said to make society have more of what ?
is commonly accepted ?
violence is used , what is civil disobedience sometimes called ?
is one result of civil rebellion ?
is it preferred that civil disobedience is non violent ?
is it called when there is an active attempt to overthrow a government or belief system ?
performed revolutionary civil disobedience toward the austrian government ?
revolutionary civil disobedience towards culture is highlighted by example ?
other topics can civil disobedience pertain to ?
is a simple form of civil disobedience ?
would a person chose civil disobedience against specific laws ?
is the goal of individual civil disobedience ?
is larger scale ?
famous indian 's actions were considered civil disobedience ?
did the earliest examples of civil disobedience as a whole occur ?
did the jewish people do so pagan items would n't be in the temple of jerusalem ?
since thoreau was not a well known writer happened when he was arrested ?
did the tax collector that arrested thoreau get ?
was thoreau 's essay published ?
is the oldest recorded incident of civil disobedience ?
is a recent civil disobedience done in a group form ?
did it take for thoreau 's disobedience to be known ?
bedau notes illegal protests towards public policy may serve as what purpose ?
brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the government ?
did julia butterfly hill live in a tree ?
was the outcome of living in the california redwood tree ?
are taken sometimes in civil disobedience ?
is an example of illegal disobedience ?
are usually done skirting the law ?
lived in a tree to prevent it from being cut down as a form of civil disobedience ?
was joseph haas arrested for ?
did joseph haas say in his email ?
civil disobedience can occur people speak about a certain topic that is deemed as ?
did the case go before the supreme court ?
is one criminal behavior that is hard to stop by authorities ?
can you protest against the government in an individual way ?
brownlee argues that sometimes people behave in way to have their issue heard ?
large groups of people all boycott a system or do n't pay taxes it can be considered ?
is a type of disobedience against the federal government ?
apply to civil disobedience ?
is a way you can show police officers civil disobedience ?
should be avoided when talking to authorities ?
do some people purposely resist officers of the law ?
is the need for acceptance of punishment needed ?
is the group called that does not agree with government at all ?
anarchists do not want to accept punishment ?
is an important personal decision for civil disobedients ?
do some people believe civil disobedients have ?
would one plead guilty to a crime involving civil disobedience ?
is given sometimes to plead not guilty involving these matters ?
uses creative words ?
did a famous protest take place ?
was the civil disobedience performed at the test site ?
did their lawyer suggest they would plea ?
were the protesters given ?
do some people chose to go to jail for their disobedience ?
should one not go to jail ?
is sometimes offered to civil disobedients ?
is usually the goal of taking a plea bargain ?
many people are arrested , what is a common tactic negotiating ?
is sometimes taken as an act of disobedience ?
took a plea and put himself at the mercy of the courts ?
do some people perform civil disobedience in a constructive way ?
would one want to give a speech ?
do civil disobedients usually receive ?
is the primary goal of pleading not guilty when arrested for civil disobedience ?
is a secondary goal of pleading not guilty ?
has a large amount of civil disobedients ?
to be avoided with civil disobedience ?
should disobedience by the general public be avoided ?
is one main reason that civil disobedience is not recognized ?
should someone not commit a crime when they are protesting ?
would someone avoid crimes while protesting ?
is violating a law which is not the goal of the protest called ?
the law is a direct target of the protest , what is this called ?
caused a high amount of civil disobedience ?
is sometimes used in court by protestors ?
are people who distribute leaflets inside courthouses not been arrested ?
is the main goal of criminal punishment of civil disobedients ?
should be the main goal of not using punishment in a just system ?
should the punishment rely on instead in a just society ?
is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure ?
typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser ?
is construction comprised of ?
are needed for construction to take place ?
construction takes place on location for ?
normally manages a construction job ?
normally supervises a construction job ?
is essential for the successful execution of a project ?
zoning requirements , environmental impact , budgeting , and logistics are things should consider ?
are the three sectors of construction ?
is engineering news-record ?
did enr compile data in nine market segments ?
enr used data on to rank top 400 firms as heavy contractors ?
are the three construction subsectors ?
has a classification system for construction companies ?
are construction managers ?
is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings ?
acts as laborer , paymaster , and design team for a renovation project ?
are some examples of undesirable end results of a project ?
do those in the field do to ensure a positive outcome ?
generally dictates the construction materials used ?
residential construction can generate is not carefully planned ?
dutch architect janjaap ruijssenaars 's performative architecture 3d-printed building is scheduled to be built ?
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing building material per hour ?
the design team is most commonly employed ?
provides the bill of quantities ?
the owner typically awards a contract ?
is given when the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction , while adhering to the performance specifications ?
assist the owner in integration ?
these project structures allow the owner to integrate the services throughout the design and construction ?
can construction projects suffer from ?
is an underbid ?
do cash flow problems exist ?
is notoriously prevalent in the construction field ?
are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project ?
the presence of is highly likely even in small projects ?
studies the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process ?
cost overruns with government projects have occurred the contractor did what ?
applies expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation ?
must a project adhere to ?
constructing a project fails to adhere to codes does not benefit whom ?
is malum in se considerations ?
are malum prohibitum considerations ?
may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built ?
is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations ?
is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties ?
does the time element in construction mean ?
leads to confusion and collapse ?
a growing number of new forms of procurement involves ?
is ppp ?
is a ppp also known as ?
focus is to ameliorate the many problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry .
acts as the project coordinator ?
is to design the works , prepare the specifications and produce construction drawings , administer the contract , tender the works , and manage the works from inception to completion
there are direct contractual links between ?
any subcontractor has a direct contractual relationship ?
produces a list of requirements for a project , giving an overall view of the project 's goals ?
presents different ideas about how to accomplish goals ?
selects and hires the best ideas and appropriate contractors ?
is usually working together ?
happens as they build phase 1 ?
is required to verify and have existing utility lines marked ?
are some existing facilities ?
inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local building code ?
is issued once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed ?
is the annual construction industry revenue in 2014 ?
is private ?
firms were existing in 2005 ?
the average contractor hired ?
were employed in construction in 2011 ?
is the average construction salary in the middle east ?
is the average construction salary in the uk ?
have some workers made more than $ 100,000 ?
is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world ?
is the most common cause of injury on site ?
are other major fatality causes ?
can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry ?
along with non-governmental and nonstate schools , is another name for private schools ?
along with sport and art , is a type of talent scholarship ?
rather than taxation , are private schools largely funded by ?
do private schools have that public schools do n't ?
is the yearly cost of some notable prep schools in new england ?
are private schools that charge no tuition called ?
along with canada and the united kingdom , generally does n't refer to universities as private schools ?
is another term for year 12 of education ?
is another term used for year 13 ?
is another term for university-preparatory schools ?
along with location , endowment and the willingness of parents to pay , influences private school tuition ?
receives higher salaries at private schools that charge higher tuition ?
does the term ` parochial schools ' generally refer to ?
along with muslims , jews and protestant christians , notably operates private schools ?
is sometimes present at religious schools in addition to the secular curriculum ?
is available to australian private schools but generally not present in public schools ?
is an example of an article of uniform clothing typically present in australian private schools ?
is the comparison in price between australian private schools versus public ?
along with the anglican church and uniting church , religious denomination operates private schools in australia ?
operates st joseph 's college ?
is st aloysius ' college located ?
attends loreto normanhurst ?
to make private schools ?
attended private schools in 2008 ?
was the percentage of germans attending private high schools in 2008 ?
attended private schools ?
is the german term for segregating students based on their parents ' wealth ?
do germans call private schools ?
does the level of tuition in german private schools compare to private schools in other western european countries ?
are private secondary schools in germany called ?
are most ergänzungsschulen ?
are ergänzungsschulen funded ?
along with private individuals and organizations , groups sometimes runs ergänzungsschulen ?
is the term for an indian private school ?
along with the cisce and nenbse , is a notable examination board in multiple indian states ?
exist in india ?
provides policy directions to schools ?
along with trusts , other non-profits are allowed to run schools in india ?
is the full name of the aser ?
is the purpose of the aser ?
in private schools , are classes taught in ?
is the irish term for private schools ?
do private schools in ireland differ from most ?
is the typical annual cost for an irish private school ?
along with the congregation of christian brothers , is a notable religious group that runs fee-paying schools in ireland ?
did malaysia receive its independence ?
is used in chinese primary schools in malaysia ?
is used in chinese secondary schools in malaysia ?
is the name of the post-independence government school system in malaysia ?
as a result of a compromise , about chinese schools became national type schools ?
is a term for schools that receive government assistance ?
are ` un-aided ' schools different from ` aided ' schools ?
is galaxy public school located ?
in nepalese private schools , is the primary language of instruction ?
in addition to english , is also often taught in nepalese private schools ?
existed in new zealand in april 2014 ?
in april 2014 , new zealand students attended private schools ?
attended private schools in april 2014 ?
were integrated into new zealand public schools between 1979 and 1984 ?
, along with hamilton , wellington and christchurch , is one of the largest in new zealand ?
is the diocesan school for girls in auckland affiliated with ?
is samuel marsden collegiate school located ?
is associated with saint kentigern college ?
is rangi ruru girls ' school ?
operates st dominic 's college in wanganui ?
are in private schools ?
attend private schools ?
takes place in private schools ?
was the revised manual of regulations for private schools released ?
replaced values education for fourth year students ?
is the name of the scheme that provides tuition and fee assistance to students due to excess enrollment ?
do students enrolled in priority courses receive ?
is available to underprivileged students seeking to attend a private university ?
recognized two types of schools ?
was the south african schools act passed ?
along with public schools , was recognized under the south african schools act ?
in south africa , along with privately governed schools , are classified as independent ?
did missionaries notably establish church schools in south africa ?
after apartheid , are referred to as '' model c '' schools ?
do academic results in former model c schools compare to other schools ?
do the fees at former model c schools compare to those at other schools ?
as of 2008 , about percentage of swedish students attended private schools ?
work for kunskapsskolan schools ?
is the english translation of kunskapsskolan ?
is sweden notable for ?
up to do students in the united kingdom attend preparatory schools ?
do preparatory schools prepare british children to attend ?
are educated at gsce level in fee-paying schools ?
attend fee-paying schools ?
is the upper range of annual fees for non-boarding students in british public schools ?
desegregated schools in the united states ?
is a derogatory term for the christian academies that arose in the wake of school desegregation ?
did many students migrate to christian academies during the desegregation period ?
was the primary race of students attending christian academies after the brown decision ?
along with tuition , scholarships , vouchers , donations and grants , does funding for private schools come from ?
governs government funding of religious schools ?
make reference to the government funding religious schools ?
was the first us state to have compulsory education ?
did massachusetts first require children to be educated in schools ?
was wisconsin v. yoder decided at the supreme court ?
is the citation for the pierce v. society of sisters case ?
was the opposing party in the runyon case ?
did a new york city day school cost annually in 2012 ?
would a parent have to pay to send their child to a boarding school in 2012 ?
has an endowment of several hundred million dollars ?
in addition to endowments and tuition , do boarding schools cover their operating costs ?
is the school named after ?
did the undergraduate program become coeducational ?
was the name of the leader through the great depression and world war ii ?
did harvard found in 1900 ?
transformed it into a modern research university ?
is the worlds largest academic and private library system ?
make up the main school library ?
are contained in the library ?
are alumni of the school ?
nobel laureates are among the school alumni ?
is the major us city that the is the university located ?
is the size of the school 's endowment ?
is located in the vicinity of the school ?
academic units make up the school ?
is the name of the area that the main campus is centered in cambridge ?
was the school formed ?
was north america 's first printing press started ?
was the school renamed as harvard college ?
was the charter granted for harvard corporation ?
ministers of faith were trained by the university in early years ?
higher learning model was the school designed ?
did harvard president joseph willard die ?
succeeded joseph willard as president ?
was henry ware elected to chair ?
in 1846 's natural history lectures were acclaimed in new york and harvard ?
common sense realism of scottish philosophers did agassiz incorporate in his dual view of knowedge ?
eliminated the christian position in the curriculum ?
motivated eliot to move towards secularization ?
were the movement that eliot followed derived ?
lead the school back to leading research institution in 2oth century ?
was the school able to bring aboard the best talented students ?
, did harvard release an important document about education in america ?
was the ratio of men to women at harvard/radcliffe ?
did harvard and radcliffe admissions merge ?
was the trend of female student population from 1970s and deyond ?
is harvard yard ?
students ?
along geographic feature are nine residential houses located ?
is the quad located ?
is harvard stadium located ?
is the name of the bridge that joins parts of the campus of the charles river ?
are the harvard medical , dental and school of public health located ?
does the school own in allston than cambridge ?
are some proposals to connect campuses ?
are there to surrounding community of expansion ?
is the total number of professors , instructors , and lecturers at harvard ?
is the enrollment of undergraduates at harvard ?
does harvard have ?
was the color crimson adopted at harvard as official color ?
is the earliest traces of the color crimson at harvard ?
was the harvard endowment total in 2011 ?
were the losses suffered in the financial crisis of 2008-09 to harvard endowment ?
did harvard halt due to the financial crisis ?
are harvard 's pell grant reserves ?
is harvard 's total financial aid reserves ?
was the divestment from south africa movement ?
did harvard students blockade the speech of ?
did harvard management reduce its south africa holdings in response to pressure ?
is the applicant admission rate for class of 2019 ?
did harvard end its early admission program ?
did harvard end its early admission program ?
was an early admission program reintroduced ?
between 1978 an d2008 four year full time undergraduate students were required to complete many classes outside of their concentration ?
post 2008 undergraduate students are required to complete many general education classes towards degree ?
impacts the quality of education at harvard ?
is the duration of harvard academic year ?
must undergraduates maintain for full time status ?
are the top 4-5 % graduating students honored with ?
is tuition for 2012 - 13 year at harvard ?
is the total cost of attendance in 2012-13 ?
after 2007 do student from families earning less than $ 60,000 pay for school ?
in 2009 was the total of grants awarded from harvard ?
was in the form of grants ?
is the center library in the harvard library system ?
are the 3 post popular libraries for undergraduates in the harvard system ?
are america 's oldest collection of maps , gazettes , and atlases housed ?
are in the harvard library system ?
comprise harvard art museums ?
does the fogg museum of art cover ?
specializes in cultural history and civilizations of the western hemisphere ?
starting has harvard topped the academic rankings of world universities ?
beginning was harvard on top of the world reputation rankings ?
according to the princeton review has harvard ranked as a '' dream college '' in 2013
does harvard compete in ncaa division i
is harvard 's most intense rival ?
is the harvard-yale rivalry set aside ?
was the first year that yale and harvard played football ?
did harvard stadium become the first ever concrete reinforced stadium in the country ?
was a set of significant rule changes introduced including the forward pass ?
was walter camp a captain for the football team ?
is the name of harvard 's basketball facility ?
is the name of harvard 's primary recreational sports facility ?
are in the malkin athletic center
harvard - yale regatta predates '' the game '' by many years ?
is the harvard - yale regatta held ?
is the primary rival of the harvard crimson hockey team ?
did harvard win an intercolleiate sailing association national championship ?
went to harvard ?
went to harvard ?
is the costa rican president that went to harvard ?
was the palestine prime minister ?
went to harvard ?
went to harvard ?
is the name of world renowned cellist is a former harvard student ?
called harvard home ?
winning mathematician is a faculty member at harvard ?
are faculty members at harvard ?
is a faculty member at harvard ?
has the biggest population ?
was the population jacksonville city as of 2010 ?
based on population alone , is jacksonville 's ranking in the united states ?
does jacksonville reside ?
did consolidation cause jacksonville to become part of duval county ?
runs alongside jacksonville ?
is jacksonville from miami ?
is the name of the french colony established in 1564 ?
prior to the arrival of the french , the area now known as jacksonville was previously inhabited ?
was jacksonville named after ?
is the ranking of the military forces in jacksonville ?
attracts most tourists to jacksonville ?
naval bases are located in jacksonville ?
are those from jacksonville sometimes called ?
the area jacksonville currently sits has been inhabited for how many years ?
discovered pottery found on black hammock island ?
is the 16th century known as the start of ?
is the name of the village that once existed in what is now downtown jacksonville ?
mapped the st. johns river in 1562 ?
did ribault initially claim what is now jacksonville ?
led the attack of the french colony in 1565 ?
was fort caroline renamed to after the spanish attack ?
was rebuilt in 1964 ?
did the spanish concede florida to britain ?
soon after gaining florida , did the english do ?
the narrow part of st. john 's river called cowford ?
gained control of florida after the conclusion of the revolutionary war ?
was the jacksonville town charter approved ?
was the name of the battle that marked the first confederate win in florida ?
did union forces return to and occupy jacksonville for the rest of the war ?
negatively impacted jacksonville following the war ?
was the battle that resulted from a confederate cavalry unit attacking a union expedition ?
did jacksonville become a popular destination for the rich ?
visited jacksonville in 1888 ?
caused jacksonville 's tourism to become less desirable at the latter half of the 19th century ?
drew would-be jacksonville tourists to other florida destinations ?
other than the steamboat , modern form of travel brought visitors to florida ?
caused the spread of the jacksonville fire in 1901 ?
were razed by the jacksonville fire ?
in the wake of the jacksonville fire , did the florida governor do ?
was the jacksonville fire later known as ?
was drawn to jacksonville in the 1910s ?
were produced in jacksonville 's 30 studios ?
drove residents to quieter suburban housing ?
was the white population of jacksonville as of 2010 ?
referred to middle class citizens leaving the suburbs ?
was responsible for the new building projects in jacksonville ?
was the cause for the issues with city funding ?
did residents suffer from a lack of city services ?
was the proposed solution to jacksonville 's tax issues ?
voted against jacksonville 's annexation ?
were most city officials elected in the 1960s ?
officials were indicted due to corruption ?
began to gain support following the corruption scandal ?
was the result of the 1967 referendum ?
was jacksonville 's mayor at the time of the consolidation ?
was the name of the approved measure that helped cover the cost of major city projects ?
did the better jacksonville plan generate money ?
is the land area of jacksonville ?
separates jacksonville ?
is the name of the river that is completely contained inside jacksonville ?
is made up of water ?
is surrounded by jacksonville ?
does the bank of america tower hold ?
the bank of america tower was previously known ?
are there in the building that was completed in 1967 ?
makes the wells fargo center stand out ?
does jacksonville have ?
does rain typically fall in jacksonville ?
is winter weather in jacksonville described as ?
aside from being located on the coast , contributes to jacksonville 's lack of cold weather ?
is jacksonville 's hottest recorded temperature ?
is a common occurrence during summer days ?
contributes to jacksonville 's summer storms other than land heating beside the water ?
is jacksonville 's hottest month on average ?
had the most significant impact on jacksonville ?
were the winds around st. augustine in the 1964 hurricane ?
was the name of the storm that hit jacksonville in may of 2012 ?
is the scale used to measure the strength of hurricanes called ?
did a tropical storm cause a four day loss of power to jacksonville ?
is ranked tenth largest ?
were recorded in the 2010 census of jacksonville ?
is known for having heavy ties to the navy ?
have only one person ?
are younger than 18 ?
are there for every 100 women ?
does the richest 1 % of people have ?
according to oxfam , the 85 richest people have wealth equal to average people ?
in order to be considered in the top percentile , a person would need to amass money each year ?
has caused oxfam 's findings to be questioned ?
does oxfam and credit suisse believe their findings are being doubted ?
were owned by just 1 % of adults ?
do the three richest people in the world posses more of than the lowest 48 nations together ?
was the combined wealth of the '' 10 million dollar millionaires '' in 2008 ?
will the wealthiest 1 percent own by 2016 ?
are there more poor people in the united states and europe than china ?
americans are richer than more than half of all citizens ?
printed that the wealthiest 1 % have more money than those in the bottom 90 % ?
is considered as a potential advantage for wealth for some americans ?
did the richest 400 americans have as children that helped them be successful adults ?
do the top 400 richest americans have more of than half of all americans combined ?
owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent of people in the u.s. ?
may explain why some americans who 've become rich may have had a head start ?
grew up in substantial privilege ?
published findings in september 2012 regarding the forbes richest 400 americans ?
is income inequality attributed to ?
evaluating labor ?
is the term that describes the difference between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn ?
is income determined in a market with variously skilled workers ?
did neoclassical economics view the inequality in the distribution of income as being from ?
is distribution of income from labor due to the differences of ?
does the marginal value added by an economic actor determine ?
are examples of economic actors ?
in a market economy , is inequality a reflection of ?
pushes businesses to increase pressures on workers ?
does workers working harder have on productivity of a business ?
less workers are required , what happens to the job market ?
does higher worker productivity and leveled pay have on higher earners ?
do capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a marxian analysis ?
do firms substitute equipment for workers ?
increases the organic composition of capital over the long term ?
does the substitution of equipment for labor raise for workers ?
does mechanization and automation lead to ?
is controled by the market and economy ?
is value of a worker determined ?
happens when business underpays their workers ?
is income inequality generally viewed by workers ?
controls wages in a purely capitalist mode of production ?
do wages work in the same way as for any other good ?
can be considered as a function of market price of skill ?
can concentrate wealth , pass environmental costs on to society and abuse both workers and consumers ?
can even stable markets lead to ?
has the tendency to increase wages in a field or job position ?
there are many workers competing for a few jobs its considered as what ?
is the potential earnings for a job where there are few skilled workers but many available positions ?
can lead to higher wages for members of labor organizations ?
works to get workers higher compensation ?
does many workers willing to work for a lot of time competing for a job that only requires a few workers result in ?
to work a lot ?
does competition among workers drive down wages ?
result from jobs where there is low supply but high demand ?
while competition between workers drives down wages for jobs with a high supply of worker , up for the inverse ?
increases with the increase of income inequality ?
are food and shelter considered ?
are achievement and self determination considered ?
leads to advancements in technology ?
increases entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ?
is the increased rates of self-employment based on ?
is opportunity-based entrepreneurship driven by ?
does opportunity-based entrepreneurship tend to have on economic growth ?
is it called when the tax rate and base amount increase simultaneously ?
rate has a direct relationship with income inequality ?
can work to even the distribution of wealth ?
has an impact on income inequality ?
in a progressive tax , increases as the taxable base amount increases ?
will have a direct impact of inequality in a system that uses a progressive tax ?
can result in more equal distribution of income ?
is an indicator of the effects of taxes applied to social spending ?
do people with lower income have less access to ?
does less education lead to when working ?
has limited productive potential when faced with less access to education ?
are those with lower incomes less likely to have in order to prepare for the future ?
is an important factor contributing to inequality for individuals ?
does education in an area where there is high demand for workers tend to create ?
do people unable to afford an education receive ?
does lack of education lead directly to ?
helps to unleash the productivity ability of the poor ?
did standard & poor recommend to speed economy recovery ?
could the united states amass if everyone went through more schooling ?
is the united states at risk for because of the recession of 2008 ?
concluded that the rising income inequality gap was not getting better ?
did economists reach a conclusion with the s & p 's rating agency ?
the recovery between the widening gap between the richest citizens and rest of the nation slow ?
did s & p recommend to somewhat remedy the wealth gap ?
if the average u.s. worker were to complete an additional year of school , would be generated over 5 years ?
does wealth disparity make the economy more prone to ?
did the high school education movement occur ?
did the high school education movement have on the presence of skilled workers ?
did the high school education movement have on the wages of skilled workers ?
impacts gender inequality in wages ?
contributed to the decreased inequality between trained and untrained workers ?
was the mass high school education movement ?
did the increase in skilled workers lead to ?
did the education during the high school education movement differ from the subsequent high school education ?
is very important for the growth of the economy ?
can result in creating a poverty trap ?
are on a decline in the us which adversely effects economic mobility ?
have higher economic mobility than the united states ?
is there for the us approach to economic development ?
are labor unions encouraged ?
is economic liberalism one of the causes of ?
does the u.s. economic and social model have substantial levels of ?
is john schmitt and ben zipperer members of ?
does evidence provide for the view that labor-market flexibility improves labor-market outcomes ?
does the u.s. economy have compared to european countries ?
has low income inequality and high presence of unions ?
do weak labor movement correlate with ?
has had a negative impact on the labor markets in the us ?
has presented problems to the us economy more than other nations ?
is the profession of jake rosenfield ?
is jake rosenfield associated with ?
does rosenfield feel plays the most significant role in expanding the income gap ?
do scandinavian nations have ?
does high inequality go hand-in-hand with ?
does trade with poorer countries have on the workers in richer countries ?
does trade with richer countries have on the workers in poorer countries ?
has a bigger impact on the united states ' economy more than trade ?
has replaced lower skilled workers in the united states ?
does trade liberalization shift economic inequality from ?
trade with poor countries , whose wages increase ?
does paul krugmen think has had an observable effect on inequality in the u.s. ?
compared to other causes , the effect of trade on inequality in america is ?
has technological innovation and automation replaced low-skilled jobs with ?
is the income inequality gap between genders in botswana ?
is the gender income inequality in bahrain ?
does the wage gap between genders provide an advantage ?
in many countries , is there ?
does a gender pay gap tend to favor ?
is less willing to travel or relocate for work ?
is the author of the book , '' knowledge and decisions '' ?
does a u.s. census report state that even after other factors there still exists this between earnings of men and women ?
help to redistribute wealth ?
is the level of inequality in underdeveloped countries ?
introduces inequality to a country ?
leads to lower income inequality ?
does simon kuznets have ?
did kuznets argue resulted from stages of development ?
does a country acquire as it develops ?
do the owners of more capital end up having ?
do redistribution mechanisms lead to ?
did income inequality decrease in the united states ?
did income inequality begin to increase in the us ?
are jobs beginning to increase ?
are jobs beginning to decrease ?
plotted the relationships between levels of income and inequality ?
is a developing economy 's level of inequality bulging out called ?
has recent testing of kuznets theory with superior data show it to be ?
does kuznets ' curve predict about income inequality given time ?
may be possible for multiple kuznets ' cycles to be in at any given time ?
attributes new wealth to those that already have it ?
according to the wealth concentration theory , advantage do the wealthy have in accumulating new wealth ?
does newly created wealth concentrate ?
is best able to leverage the accumulation of wealth ?
can significantly contribute to the continuing inequality in a society over time ?
wrote the book '' capital in the twenty-first century '' ?
do larger fortunes generate ?
should serve as a brake on wealth concentration ?
does joseph stiglitz have ?
does the market bid up compensation for ?
is used by certain wealthy groups to obtain policies financially beneficial for them ?
does a lower level of economic growth occur due to high-end consumption ?
is lower in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries ?
is a lower rate of social goods an effect of ?
happens to the life expectancy in less economically equal ones ?
did robert j. shiller win an economics nobel prize ?
is the most important problem in the united states and elsewhere ?
's one factor in eroding self-esteem ?
policies reduce the inequality associated effects of unemployment support what type of growth ?
are researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett ?
are in countries with high inequality ?
are the rates of social goods in countries with higher inequality ?
developed countries did british researchers use to gather statistics from ?
did higher material living standards lead to for most of human history ?
does the pattern of higher income-longer lives still hold true ?
increases rapidly as per capita income increases ?
lives no longer on average than greeks and new zealanders ?
are incomes distributed in sweden ?
has been strongly tied with health in developed countries ?
created an index of health and social problems ?
did wilkinson and pickett identify ?
are health and social problems most common ?
does child well-being in rich countries correlate most to ?
has crime rate been show to be correlated with in a society ?
is almost identical across all nations and jurisdictions ?
over studies have shown that violence is more common in societies with income differences ?
is it estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by ?
are related to inequality ?
does the utilitarian principle seek for the greatest number of people ?
an adobe provides less utility to one person than another is an example of reduced what ?
the marginal utility of wealth per income per person do as that person becomes richer ?
will a society with more equality have ?
do conservative researchers fell should be a measure of inequality ?
leaning does the cato institute have ?
was consumption inequality lower than it had been in 1986 ?
is thomas b. edsall 's profession ?
is raghuram rajan 's career ?
does rajan feel has created deep financial fault lines ?
is the most recent example of financial fault lines ?
does political pressure push to extend to compensate for stagnating purchasing power ?
is negatively correlated to the duration of economic growth ?
do high levels of inequality prevent beyond economic prosperity ?
happens to the gdp growth of a country if the income share of the top 20 percent increases , according to imf staff economists ?
does an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent of people of a society result in ?
matters the most for economic growth ?
do david castlles-quintana and vicente royuela do for a living ?
does increasing inequality harm ?
was persistent unemployment have a negative effect on ?
does unemployment harm growth ?
policies try to control unemployment support economic growth because they reduce what ?
did stiglitz present in 2009 regarding global inequality ?
does inequality prevent growth ?
are both branko milanovic and joseph stiglitz ?
has been the main reason for the shift to the view that income inequality harms growth ?
has become the secret to economic growth ?
did galor and zeria show new information about inequality ?
did a 1996 study by perotti examine ?
is inequality associated with higher levels of ?
do extremely unequal societies tend to be ?
does high levels of inequality do to growth in poor countries ?
does high levels of inequality do for economic growth in richer countries ?
does robert barro hail from ?
was a study conducted of swedish counties ?
have studies on income inequality sometimes found evidence confirming ?
challenges the notion of the kuznets curve hypothesis ?
's thomas piketty 's job ?
does piketty feel was the biggest factors in reducing inequality between 1914 to 1945 ?
were theories developed suggesting inequality may have some positive effect on economic development ?
does a 2013 report on nigeria suggest it 's growth has done ?
does it take for the effects to manifest as changes to economic growth ?
are longer growth spells associated with ?
needs to be made to ensure poorer members of society can participate in economic growth ?
can the growth elasticity of poverty depend on ?
does it take a country with high inequality longer to achieve ?
was ban ki-moon the secretary general of ?
is n't economic growth sufficient for progress on ?
is held outside the formal legal ownership registration system in many developing countries ?
is unregistered property held in informal form ?
can it take to build on government land ?
can it sometimes take up to 14 years to get permission to build on ?
do a number of researchers think a shortage of is caused in part by income inequality ?
decreased in number between 1984 and 1991 ?
did the demand for rentals decrease ?
drove increased rental prices in east new york ?
with ricing prices to make it difficult or impossible for poor people to keep pace ?
are the certain costs which are difficult to avoid shared ?
are those with lower incomes often unable to manage ?
is the term when middle income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves ?
is one method of achieving aspirational consumption ?
people take on debt , it leads potentially to what ?
economic inequality is smaller , more waste and pollution is ?
could human inequality be addressed without resulting in an increase of environmental damage ?
is the vast disparities in wealth attributed to by socialists ?
does private ownership create a situation of ?
is the vast majority of the population dependent on ?
do socialists think the means of production should be owned ?
would income differentials be if individual contributions were relevant to the social product ?
argues that the government redistributes wealth by force ?
is the usual form of the government 's wealth redistribution ?
in an ideal moral society , would all citizens be free from ?
were some modern economic inequalities created ?
are inequalities in wealth justified , according to john rawls ?
does the capabilities approach look at poverty as a form of ?
is the goal of the capabilities approach ?
would the capabilities approach achieve it 's goal ?
is the definition of agency as it relates to capabilities ?
happens when a person 's capabilities aer lowered , as it relates to their income ?
issues may prevent women from working outside the home or receiving education ?
would rampant violence prevent people from going to work ?
can people work towards if they are n't denied their functionings , capabilities and agency ?
is the producer of doctor who ?
did doctor who first show on tv ?
is doctor who 's space ship called ?
is doctor who ?
years did doctor who originally show on tv ?
relaunched doctor who in 2005 ?
who spin-off only made it as far as a pilot episode ?
produced the doctor who revival series ?
played doctor who in the revival series ?
have played doctor who ?
followed matt smith in the role of doctor who ?
was matt smith 's final one as doctor who ?
does doctor who transition to a new body ?
in addition to a new body , changes about the doctor ?
is doctor who from ?
did doctor who use for his escape from gallifrey ?
does tardis stand for ?
normally allows the tardis to disguise itself ?
does doctor who 's tardis always look the same ?
often does doctor who travel by himself ?
who is also a time lord ?
does doctor who do when his body is mortally damaged ?
does doctor who usually take with him on his travels ?
is doctor who ?
was the date of the very first episode of doctor who ?
was the dalek script rejected at first ?
wrote the mutants ?
was each episode of doctor who ?
did the bbc produce doctor who ?
ended the series in 1989 ?
was shown about doctor who ?
after cancelling the show , did the bbc tell the public ?
was the bbc hoping that an independent production firm would do for doctor who ?
approached the bbc in 1989 about relaunching the show ?
showed a doctor who film ?
uk viewers watched the doctor who film ?
was the doctor who film not successful enough to spawn a series ?
was the name of the first episode of the new doctor who series ?
did doctor who finally return to television ?
was the only year that a full series was not filmed since 2005 ?
will be the new executive producer of doctor who in 2018 ?
have been shown each year since 2005 ?
did the original doctor who series run ?
continues the plot of the original doctor who ?
was the only film version of doctor who shown ?
name two series have been reboots rather than plot continuations .
mentioned returned with a plot continuation ?
did the bbc rebroadcast the first episode of doctor who ?
was the broadcast delay the first time the series premiered ?
was the broadcast delay claimed to be the first time the series premiered ?
occurred that made the bbc delay the broadcast ?
made the bbc concerned that viewers had not seen the premier of doctor who ?
is associated with the doctor who series ?
put on a doctor who exhibition in 1991 ?
was the name of the 1991 doctor who exhibition ?
did people vote the doctor who series as in a 2011 online vote ?
conducted the 2011 online vote ?
show was voted most violent of the bbc shows in a 1972 survey ?
considered doctor who very unsuitable for family viewing ?
wrote an article defending doctor who ?
in his defense of doctor , what did philip howard compare to the london property market ?
did philip howard work for ?
has become linked to doctor who ?
does the tardis look like ?
is the function of the tardis ?
filed an objection to the bbc using the blue police box in doctor who merchandise ?
did the bbc receive a favorable ruling on the trade mark claim ?
did the original doctor who run ?
was the last episode of the original series ?
were in the daleks ' master plan ?
is the name of a time lord that doctor who has fought ?
was the focus of season 20 of doctor who ?
did the serial format change for the doctor who series ?
was each doctor who episode in the 2005 revival series -LRB- including ads -RRB- ?
was an extended episode of doctor who shown ?
was over an hour long ?
in did '' the eleventh hour '' play ?
doctor who episodes have been shown , in total ?
is the most common length of doctor who episodes ?
doctor who christmas specials have been shown ?
was the longest doctor who christmas special ?
did doctor who begin being shown in hdtv ?
were the first two actors that played doctor who ?
produced in the first six seasons are not in bbc 's archives ?
is the bbc missing a total of 79 episodes ?
did the practice of wiping tapes stop ?
saw the most loss of old shows in the bbc archives ?
did other countries have copies of the show ?
made early colour videos of the show ?
was the name of the marco polo episode ?
were excerpts from the show film on ?
did the bbc get audio versions of the lost episodes ?
has released official reconstructions of doctor who episodes ?
did the bbc work with to reconstruct some of the invasion episodes ?
was the invasion originally shown ?
worked on some of the reign of terror episodes ?
was the doctor who series released on dvd ?
was the term '' regeneration '' first used ?
prompted the regeneration concept ?
was used for the first regeneration ?
was used for the second regeneration ?
can a time lord regenerate ?
can a time lord have ?
episode did doctor who get a new cycle of regenerations ?
was the number of regenerations set ?
did the film also mention the number of regenerations ?
played the war doctor ?
was the name of the 50th anniversary show ?
played the valeyard ?
was the name of the serial where the valeyard appears ?
does the war doctor exist between ?
was first referred to as '' his secret '' ?
featured the return of william hartnell ?
returned for the '' children in need '' show ?
does the first doctor see himself ?
was the name of the 50th anniversary episode ?
were in the sirens of time ?
was released for the 40th anniversary ?
were featured in the four doctors ?
were in project : lazarus ?
was the doctor who 40th anniversary show ?
does the '' fall of the eleventh '' happen ?
is it brought up that the first doctor might not actually be the first doctor ?
was the fifth doctor confirmed ?
does the eleventh doctor first acknowledge his number ?
was the 20th anniversary special aired ?
is the name of the first doctor who serial ?
is the name of doctor who granddaughter ?
did doctor who state that he was the last time lord ?
did doctor who think the condition of his home planet was ?
episode did doctor who acknowledge having had a brother ?
is usually doctor who 's companion ?
is the only story of the original series where doctor who travels alone ?
relative of doctor who traveled with him in the early episodes ?
was the occupation of doctor who 's other -LRB- non-related -RRB- companions ?
was the name of the character known as the time lady ?
since 2005 , is the gender of doctor who 's primary traveling companion ?
were the secondary companions of the ninth and tenth doctors ?
was the first doctor to travel with a married couple ?
is the new companion for the 10th series of the revival ?
played the companion named donna noble ?
was the executive producer of the 2005 doctor who revival series ?
were the daleks reintroduced in the revival series ?
icons were reintroduced in series 2 of the revival show ?
was the master reintroduced ?
was reintroduced for the 50th anniversary special ?
are the oldest villains from the doctor who series ?
do the daleks come from ?
created the daleks , by mutation ?
is the daleks ' main weakness ?
is the archenemy of doctor who ?
do both doctor who and the master share ?
played the master in the 1996 tv movie ?
compares the master to doctor who ?
was the first person to play the master ?
first played the master in the 2007 series ?
was the 2007 episode that featured the master 's return ?
did the master reincarnate into a female body ?
is the nickname of the female master ?
composed the original doctor who theme ?
helped with the creation of the doctor who theme ?
were used to create the theme ?
was the last season that this original theme was used ?
upon hearing the final product , was the creator quoted as saying ?
recorded the theme played for season 18 ?
created the theme used in 1986 ?
did keff mcculloch provide the theme ?
created the 2005 theme for doctor who ?
did murray gold modify the closing credits theme ?
was the name of the 2007 christmas special ?
did the doctor who theme reach the charts on in 2011 ?
had a negative reception from some doctor who viewers ?
did the doctor who theme go on the radio charts ?
was the creator of the theme for the 50th anniversary special ?
recorded a version of the doctor who theme with spoken lyrics in the 1970 's ?
released a disco version of the doctor who theme ?
did the mankind version of the theme go ?
was the name of the doctor who-related song released in 1988 ?
reached number one in the uk ?
was the most frequent musical contributor to doctor who in the first 15 years of the show ?
was the episode name of simpson 's first doctor who score ?
decades was dudley simpson most active in contributing to doctor who ?
was the last doctor who episode that dudley simpson wrote music for ?
did dudley simpson play a music conductor ?
has performed all the doctor who music since the 2005 christmas special ?
performed a benefit concert for the charity children in need ?
was a doctor who prom performed ?
was shown during the prom ?
has composed the doctor who incidental music since 2005 ?
doctor who soundtracks have been released since 2005 ?
were featured on the first doctor who soundtrack ?
did the fourth soundtrack feature ?
was the name of the 2010 christmas special ?
was the soundtrack for series 5 released ?
was modified and reused for the 50th anniversary special ?
had the dw tardis insignia removed ?
is used for all merchandise that features past doctors ?
was used for the third doctor who 's last season ?
was the current doctor during the 50th anniversary special ?
the first episode of doctor premiered the day after what famous event in history ?
have the first episodes of doctor who always appeared ?
did the show see audiences as high as 12 million ?
was the '' dalekmania '' period ?
channel shows repeats of the doctor who shows ?
was the main reason for the show 's suspension in 1989 ?
fans blame the poor viewership of the late 80 's to competition from show ?
was coronation street in the late 80 's ?
was the third period of high viewership for the doctor who series ?
did the 20th anniversary special show before being shown on bbc ?
showed all three episodes of silver nemesis before the bbc did ?
did the 1996 television film premier ?
was the 1996 film shown ahead of the bbc showing ?
was the debut of the 1983 special called the five doctors ?
has run doctor who since 1965 ?
did abc contribute to the 20th anniversary special ?
started showing doctor who after the sf channel closed ?
did abc do that was special in 2003 ?
did tvontario start showing doctor who episodes ?
was the first doctor who show that tvontario ran ?
started showing doctor who in 2009 ?
was cancelled because it was considered racist ?
introduced the doctor who episodes for a period of time ?
taped video intros for doctor who shows in canada , that included a trivia question ?
played during the closing credits of the doctor who episodes ?
show did billie piper tape an introduction ?
was series two first shown by the cbc ?
coincided with the first showing of series two ?
are the doctor who dvds available to purchase ?
were released on laserdisc ?
is the only episode released on vcd ?
who story from 1970 is available on blu-ray ?
are available on blu-ray ?
played doctor who on stage in the 70 's ?
was the name of the doctor who play from the 1980 's ?
who was written without doctor who in it ?
was the name of the play performed in the 1970 's ?
was a replacement for doctor who due to the illness of the main actor ?
who spin-off series was commissioned by the bbc ?
did the second series of torchwood play ?
was the name of the story from the third torchwood series ?
was is the name of the torchwood series was mostly based in the us ?
was the star of the sarah jane adventures ?
did the sarah jane series begin ?
did the tenth doctor appear in the sarah jane series ?
did the eleventh doctor appear in the sarah jane series ?
did the series end in 2011 ?
was created for the show 's 30th anniversary ?
benefited from the 30th anniversary show ?
were needed to see the 3d effects in dimension in time ?
was the name of the 3d system effect in dimension in time ?
was the name of the doctor who special created for comic relief ?
did the special originally have ?
played the first incarnation of the doctor in the special ?
played the last incarnation of the doctor in the special ?
trek episode has a nod to doctor who ?
guy episodes contain doctor who references ?
was created by former doctor who producer russell t. davies ?
is a doctor who fan ?
fantasy books have references to doctor who ?
was the first doctor who audio release based on ?
was the first audio of a doctor who story ?
was the name of the first doctor who story released as an lp ?
was the first doctor who audiobook released ?
was the name of the first doctor who radio drama ?
were highlighted on the first audio releases on cd ?
featured doctors from the revised version of doctor who ?
released the cd versions of the doctor who stories ?
were the first doctor who stories available on cd ?
did the fourth doctor appear on cd ?
did original fiction featuring doctor who appear ?
were the earliest doctor who books available ?
has the doctor who magazine been in circulation ?
is the publisher of the doctor who adventures magazine ?
began publishing doctor who novels in 2005 ?
was doctor who created ?
created doctor who ?
has expressed distaste for the canonicity of doctor who stories by other media ?
does not take a position on the canonicity of doctor who stories by other media ?
did doctor who win an award for best drama series ?
did doctor who win five consecutive awards ?
did a doctor first become nominated for a best actor award ?
who actress was nominated for an award in 2016 ?
was michelle gomez nominated for ?
is doctor who the record holder for most successful science fiction series of all time ?
was doctor who considered a pioneer ?
did doctor who win a peabody award ?
was the largest simulcast of a tv drama ?
who won an award for best writing in a children 's serial ?
is considered the best drama that the bbc has ever produced ?
does doctor who hold in the 100 greatest british tv programs of the 20th century ?
called doctor who '' the greatest uk science fiction series ever '' ?
does doctor who hold in a list of the 100 greatest kids ' tv shows ?
was the most revered award that doctor who has won ?
bafta tv awards has doctor who won ?
bafta cymru awards has doctor who received ?
was doctor who rated the third greatest show of the 2000 's ?
a doctor show featuring vincent van gogh was recognized by what award ?
has doctor who won the hugo for best dramatic presentation ?
has doctor who been nominated for , over the years ?
has doctor who won ?
who actor won a best actor award in 2012 ?
who episode won a hugo award in 2010 ?
did a parody where a dalek appears ?
often plays the fourth doctor in comedy parodies ?
does spike milligan use against a dalek ?
is parodied on programs such as saturday night live and the simpsons ?
has an actor doing an impression of the fourth doctor ?
is the university of chicago ?
was the university of chicago established ?
does the university of chicago have ?
does the university of chicago have ?
does the university of chicago have enlisted ?
played a major part in what development ?
helped develop the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction ?
is the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction located ?
is the name of the largest university press in the u.s ?
will the barack obama presidential center be finished ?
founded the university of chicago ?
helped establish the school with a donation ?
was the first president of the university of chicago ?
was the university 's first president given his position ?
was the first class taught at the university of chicago ?
donated property to the university of chicago ?
helped pay for the university 's first building structure ?
was the name of the first building built on campus grounds ?
did silas b. cobb pledge to the university ?
is the name of the donor who helped establish the hutchinson commons ?
in 1890 , did the university decide to team up with ?
did the university team up with shimer college ?
the university agreed to grant a degree to any graduate of affiliate schoos did what ?
disliked the affiliate program ?
did the affiliate program end ?
was the university 's 5th president ?
was the name given to the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum ?
did the 5th president of the university decide to get rid of the football program ?
did the 5th president 's tenure last ?
was the university 's 5th president granted his position ?
did the university first see a drop in applications ?
were shimer college students allowed to transfer to the university of chicago ?
the urban renewal project was intended to help the residents ?
did the early entrant program do for potential students ?
did student decide to occupy the president 's office ?
made the student decide to occupy the president 's office in protest ?
was the kalven report issued ?
was the kalven report statement ?
did the kelven report contain ?
did the university decide to start multimillion-dollar expansion projects ?
did the university announced to everyone in 2008 ?
did the milton friedman institute roughly cost ?
held the milton friedman institute ?
decide to make a very large donation to the university 's booth school of business ?
are the first buildings the university built knows as today ?
does the main quadrangles have ?
helped designed the main quadrangles ?
decade did the campus start to look more modern ?
was assigned to design a second master plan ?
did ludwig mies van der rohe designa buiding ?
found it 's home in the building that ludwig mies van der rohe designed ?
was the gerald ratner athletics center constructed ?
can the booth school of business be found ?
the center in paris is located near ?
the university established a center in beijing ?
did the university open a center in hong kong ?
runs the university of chicago ?
belong to the university 's board of trustees ?
are in the board of trustees ?
is the name of the chairman of the board of trustees ?
is the university accredited by ?
the academic body of the university is made up ?
the academic body of the university is made up of professional schools ?
does the university grant in total ?
does the university grant in total ?
make up the academics of the university ?
offers more then one branch of studies that do n't fit in with the other four ?
is the name of the university 's core curriculum ?
during 2012-2013 , were able to take the core classes at a single time ?
states the univeristy of chicago is known for their heavy workload and academic difficulty ?
is the name of the private day school for k-12 students the university runs ?
is the name of the residential treatment program the university runs ?
does the university run ?
does the urban education institute help run ?
is the hyde park day school located ?
the university of chicago library system has ?
does the university of chicago library system hold ?
is the name given to the university 's main library ?
was the joe and rika mansueto library constructed ?
does the john crerar library roughly hold ?
does the university run on campus ?
research centers does the university run on campus ?
is the name of the museum and research center for near eastern studies , that is owned by the university ?
does the university have a joint stake in ?
is the apache point observatory located ?
did the university play a major part in ?
was the name of the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction ?
was the name of the experiment that tested how life originated ?
was rem sleep discovered ?
since did the university offer a doctorate in music composition ?
since did the university offer a doctorate in cinema & media studies ?
did the university start having a bachelor 's degree program in cinema & media studies ?
did the university start having a bachelor 's degree program in theater & performance studies ?
around roughly enroll yearly in creative and performing arts classes ?
signed up for the college ?
signed up for the university 's four graduate divisions ?
signed up for the university 's professional schools ?
signed up for the university 's in total ?
made up 19 % of the student body in the 2012 spring quarter ?
first won the heisman trophy for the university ?
did the university eventually leave the conference ?
roughly are ran at the university ?
is the name of the organization in charge of running the clubs at the university ?
won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships ?
is the name of the country 's longest continuously running student film society ?
is the name of the student improvisational theater troupe ?
makes up the student government ?
leads the student government ?
are on the student board ?
is the student government 's budget ?
are apart of the university ?
sororities are apart of the university ?
is the name of the co-ed community service fraternity ?
sororities belong to the national panhellenic conference ?
form the university of chicago interfraternity council ?
is the university 's scavenger hunt ?
did the scavenger hunt begin ?
does fota stand for ?
is the name of the winter festival held in january that is based on fitness ?
is the name of the university 's summer festival ?
is also an alumni of the university of chicago ?
was the founder of the oracle corporation ?
is the third riches man in america ?
is also an alumni of the university of chicago ?
founded mckinsey & company ?
is the founder of modern community organizing ?
was also obama 's campaign adviser ?
was also an attorney general and a federal judge ?
is also the governor of the bank of japan ?
was also an alumni at the university ?
alumni wrote '' the closing of the american mind '' ?
is the name of the american writer and satirist who is also a university alumni ?
also write the bestseller before i fall ?
alumni wrote '' the good war '' ?
is the name of the pulitzer prize novelist who was also a university alumni ?
is also a university graduate ?
is the name of the bungie inc. founder who is also a university graduate ?
did alex seropian make ?
is also a university graduate ?
is also a university graduate ?
astronomers is also a university alumni member ?
is also a university alumni member ?
is also a university alumni member ?
developed the lithium-ion battery ?
developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating ?
is also a university alumni member ?
is also a university alumni member ?
was the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences ?
was known for his work on portfolio theory ?
anthropologists are also university alumni members ?
is also a university alumni ?
is also a university alumni ?
calculated the speed of light ?
discovered the compton effect ?
invented the first nuclear reactor ?
is also known at the father of the hydrogen bomb ?
was the second female nobel laureate ?
was also apart of the university 's faculty ?
was also apart of the university 's faculty ?
was also apart of the university 's faculty ?
developed the actinide concept ?
were also apart of the university 's faculty ?
is the governor of india 's central bank ?
is currently on the university 's faculty ?
well known political scientists are currently on the university 's faculty ?
paleontologists are currently on the university 's faculty ?
is the chinese name for the yuan dynasty ?
is the yuan dynasty 's official name ?
started the yuan dynasty ?
led the mongolian borjigin clan ?
did khan formally declare the yuan dynasty ?
did the yuan dynasty succeed ?
came before the yuan ?
came after the yuan ?
was kublai khan 's grandfather ?
did khan establish the great yuan ?
inspired the name great yuan ?
was the yuan dynasty called in mongolian ?
does yeke mongghul ulus mean ?
did yuan emperors have ?
did genghis khan unite ?
did genghis khan become great khan ?
was genghis 's 3rd son ?
did mongke khan become great khan ?
was kublai khan 's relation to ogedei khan ?
did the han chinese want to help the mongols fight ?
defected to the mongols ?
defected to the mongols ?
were in each tumen ?
were there ?
was shi tianze ?
did tianze live ?
became common in the jin dynasty ?
was shi tianze 's father ?
did zhang rhou help attack ?
led a mongol attack on the song dynasty ?
did mongke khan attack the song dynasty ?
did mongke khan die ?
challenged kublai khan 's right to succeed mongke khan ?
did kublai adopt ?
was kaidu 's grandfather ?
did the song dynasty continue to cause problems for kublai ?
did kublai make the ruler of korea ?
did korea border kublai 's territory ?
did li tan lead a revolt ?
did kublai 's government have to balance between ?
did kublai leave unmodified ?
would have been the lowest-ranked class ?
societal class divisions were in the plan kublai rejected ?
did the chinese government have a monopoly on ?
had the mongol capital been before kublai moved it ?
did kublai move the mongol capital to ?
did kublai move the mongol capital ?
later became beijing ?
rituals did kublai follow to help his image ?
did kublai encourage ?
does ` pax mongolica ' mean ?
did the grand canal start ?
did kublai extend the grand canal to ?
described kublai 's china to europe ?
did duke yansheng kong duanyou flee with ?
did the jin dynasty begin ?
did the jin dynasty end ?
was appointed as the replacement for duke yansheng kong duanyou ?
are descended from confucius ?
did kublai build his administration 's strength ?
did kublai attack xiangyang ?
was kublai trying to capture by attacking xiangyang ?
was the song dynasty 's capital ?
did the final song emperor die ?
was kublai 's administration running out of money ?
interfered with kublai 's second invasion of japan ?
did the tran dynasty rule ?
were the mongols defeated by the tran ?
were the mongols defeated by the tran ?
was dali conquered by the yuan ?
had kublai wanted to succeed him ?
did zhenjin die ?
was temur khan 's chinese-style name ?
did temur rule ?
was the 4th to rule the yuan dynasty ?
did the mongol elites wish buyantu did n't do ?
mentored buyantu ?
did buyantu shut down ?
did buyantu resume testing potential government employees ?
was ayurbarwada 's son ?
was geegen the emperor ?
did gegeen appoint as grand chancellor ?
did ` da yuan tong zhi ' mean ?
rival princes were involved in assassinating gegeen ?
did yesun temur die ?
was the civil war against ragibagh also called ?
did kusala die ?
was thought to have killed tugh temur ?
took the throne after kusala 's death ?
was tugh temur known for ?
did tugh temur found ?
did tugh temur found his academy ?
was the most notable publication of tugh 's academy ?
did tugh temur follow ?
did tugh temur die ?
did rinchinbal use ?
was toghun temur when he became emperor ?
was toghun the last of ?
dynasties ' histories were officially documented during toghun 's reign ?
problems did the yuan dynasty have near its end ?
did kublai 's successors lose control of the rest of the mongol empire ?
were the yuan armies too weak to stop ?
did the yuan people suffer a series of natural disasters ?
began in 1351 ?
did toghun temur dismiss toghtogha ?
had toghtogha tried to defeat ?
was the ming dynasty in power ?
encouraged cultural exchange under the yuan ?
was the yuan 's persian ally ?
were introduced or popularized in the yuan ?
did the yuan bring to china ?
did the yuan discourage , to support buddhism ?
did the yuan reintroduce in government ?
were advanced during the yuan ?
did polo call the yuan capital ?
was the english title of polo 's book ?
was the italian title of polo 's book ?
did some suspect that polo learned about china instead of by actually visiting it ?
worked for kublai ?
did guo make the reformed lunisolar calendar ?
did kublai do to prevent famines ?
did the grand canal reach during the yuan ?
was brought to china from the west ?
did mongols worship ?
came before the yuan ?
came after the yuan ?
some chinese considered the yuan a legitimate dynasty , but did other chinese think it was ?
were part of kublai 's administration ?
dynasties inspired the chinese-like elements of kublai 's government ?
were two of kublai 's chinese advisers ?
did kublai 's government have ?
were the three parts of kublai 's government ?
had military control during the yuan ?
had the six ministries existed ?
were exempt from the ministry of justice ?
had no real military power during the yuan ?
was phags-pa script invented ?
used the phags-pa script ?
did the mongol emperors know chinese ?
the mother of emperor was a concubine ?
was tugh 's chinese-style name ?
was selling children into slavery common among the mongols ?
did kublai ban the international mongol slave trade ?
were the mongol garrison families earning money ?
flourished in the yuan ?
were often practiced together by the same artists ?
shared artistic inspiration with the yuan ?
was developed in the yuan ?
was a popular type of variety show during the yuan ?
khanates had converted to islam ?
did kublai prefer ?
was the yuan 's unofficial state religion ?
supervised buddhist monks ?
was kublai 's favorite sect of tibetan buddhism ?
was zhu shijie born ?
did zhu shijie die ?
did zhu shijie do work similar to ?
was advanced during the yuan ?
did zhu publish ` jade mirror of the four unknowns ' ?
did guo shoujing do for calendars ?
did gou use for astronomy ?
was the chinese name of gou 's calendar ?
was the english name of gou 's calendar ?
did gou 's calendar become the official calendar of the yuan ?
were otachi ?
did otachi focus on ?
did mongol shamans use ?
did kublai create to train doctors ?
did confucians like the medical field ?
were recognized in china ?
did the yuan come to have the 4 schools of medicine ?
did chinese medicine spread ?
did chinese medicine include ?
did wei yilin die ?
was huihui ?
founded the office of western medicine ?
was the office of western medicine founded ?
did the chinese dislike ?
underlay chinese medicine ?
did the mongols acquire chinese printing technology ?
wrote the nong shu ?
was earthenware movable type invented ?
was ogedei 's wife ?
was the imperial library directorate established ?
was the yuan 's paper money called ?
were chao made out of ?
did the yuan begin using bronze printing plates for its money ?
had the yuan used to print its money before bronze plates ?
did the il-khanate experiment with paper money ?
did kublai 's government compromise with ?
did kublai 's government compromise with ?
were the semuren ?
did the unequal treatment of chinese versus mongols in the yuan make the dynasty seem ?
were persians more successful compared to chinese in the yuan ?
did the mongols bring to china as administrators ?
did the mongols send to bukhara as administrators ?
in central asia did the han chinese move ?
did the han do in central asia ?
was made governor of samarqand ?
did muslims dislike ?
did the yuan ban ?
founded the ming dynasty ?
was the second meaning of a chinese word for ` barracks ' ?
revolted in the ispah rebellion ?
thought that the yuan 's social class system should n't be called social classes ?
did mote think the yuan class system really represented ?
had people ranked higher in the class system ?
had people ranked lower in the class system ?
were southern chinese ranked lower ?
were northern chinese ranked higher ?
did the yuan 's increase in commerce help ?
did the mongols give control of korea ?
was the uighur king of qocho ranked above ?
was the karluk kara-khanid ruler ranked above ?
were the uighurs ranked higher by the mongols ?
is hebei part of ?
governed the central region in the yuan ?
was the central secretariat based ?
did khanbaliq become ?
was the chinese name for the central secretariat ?
is kenya located ?
is kenya a founding member of ?
boarders the south of kenya ?
was the population of kenya in 2014 ?
does kenya have ?
is the climate near the savannah grasslands ?
has snow on it all year round ?
do the north-eastern part of the country boarder ?
is kenya known for ?
has the african great lakes region been inhabited ?
did the bantu expansion reach the area from west-central africa ?
is 97 % of the population located ?
did the exploration of the interior begin ?
did kenya obtain independence ?
is the republic of kenya named after ?
think are linked to the work kenya ?
do the words kirinyaga , kirenyaa , and kiinyaa mean ?
do some believe about this pronunciation ?
was the scottish geologist that named mt kenya as mt kenia ?
did thompsons indicate mt kenya ?
are the biggest game animals of kenya called ?
are the '' big five '' animals in kenya ?
are these animals mostly located ?
does the annual animal migration occur ?
do the wildebeest migrate searching for food and water ?
did primates inhabit kenya ?
did the ancestors of modern homo sapiens inhabit kenya ?
helped discover the turkana boy ?
was turkana boy ?
was responsible for the preliminary archaeological research at ologesailie and hyrax hill ?
build the major port city in kenya ?
is the name of the port city that was created ?
said that mombasa was a great harbour and moored small crafts and great ships ?
do many merchants and explorers go ?
is an important swahili settlement along the coast ?
was the outbreak of world war i ?
agreed to a truce to protect their young colonies ?
was in command of the german military forces ?
did von lettow conduct his group ?
did von lettow surrender at ?
were the kikuyu people located ?
did the kikuyu people live ?
did the settlers protect their interests ?
white settlers were living in kenya in the 1950 's ?
was waruhiu itote captured ?
did operation anvil open ?
did home gaurd kill ?
was the most important governmental change to land tenure ?
was the first direct elections for native kenyans ?
formed the government in kenya ?
did the different colonies come together and form kenya ?
did kenya become an independent country ?
did kenya name itself on december 12 , 1964 ?
is the mlolongo system ?
won the elections in 1992 and 1997 ?
does kenya have ?
are the president given ?
is the executive power ?
is in control of legislative power ?
does kenya rang on the cpi scale ?
does the cpi scale measure ?
is kenya place on the scale in 2012 ?
does kenya curb coruption ?
is president kibaki part of ?
did president kibaki run against ?
led to protests and open discrediting of the eck ?
called themselves the '' people 's president '' ?
did the government and civil society organisations start after the riots ?
initiated the community dialogues ?
started peace meetings ?
was started after these new programs were in place ?
did kibaki and odinga sing an agreement on the formation of government ?
would be odinga 's role in the government ?
did the president appoint cabinet members from ?
was it determined how many from each camp would be appointed ?
would this coalition last ?
will the prime minister have power over ?
brought together the former rivals at the signing ceremony ?
was the signing held ?
did representatives start working on the finer details of the deal ?
was the goal of the grand coalition ?
was considered ?
was a vote help to ratify the change to the constitution ?
did the new consitution change ?
was the new constitution promulgated ?
came into force after the new constitution was herald ?
did president uhuru kenyatta sign a security law amendment bill ?
was this bill nessecary ?
criticised the security bill ?
did so many not approve of the bill ?
warned of the potential impact ?
was the result of the 2007 election ?
decided not to come visit the country in 2013 ?
did kenyatta visit at the invitation of the president ?
did obama finally visit kenya ?
are the armed forces regularly deployed for ?
was part of the aftermath of the elections in 2007 ?
were brought after the 2007 election ?
were tainted by corruption allegations ?
has the corruption not be in the public view ?
were the claims of corruption in the armed forces ?
was publically questioned ?
is kenya 's hdi ?
is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa ?
does 17.7 % of the population live on a day ?
is kenya considered ?
was east and central africa 's economy boosted by ?
is an important catalyst of economic growth ?
is the smalled work force sector ?
in agriculture ?
does the services sector contribute to gdp ?
is the service sector dominated by ?
attracts the tourists to kenya ?
is the largest number of tourist coming from ?
was agriculture in 2005 ?
are the principal cash crops in kenya ?
is the second largest contrubtor to kenyas gdp ?
can cause fluctuations in the production of corn ?
has helped farmers grow new pigeon pea varieties ?
did they teach them to grow peas ?
did the project encourage the commercialisation of legumes ?
did this effect the producer prices ?
is the most successful agricultural prodcution regions ?
is grown in the fertile highlands ?
does the livestock of the country normally dominate ?
live below the povertly line ?
did red cross put together in 2011 ?
is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region ?
does manufactoriing account for ?
are the three largest urban areas in kenya ?
does the sector known as jua kali engage in ?
has given a boost to manufacturing in recent years ?
did agoa take effect ?
does the largest part of kenya 's power come from ?
are these dams located ?
was kenya electricity generating company established ?
does kenya have deposits of oil ?
is it estimated kenya has ?
is kenya doing to determine if there are more reserves ?
does petroleum account for of the national import bill ?
is china 's investment in kenya ?
does china 's investment mean for kenya ?
did the kenyan business people hope for when meeting with the chinese ?
did the first shipment of minerals ship from ?
has caused china to suspend their railway project ?
did kenya reveil in 2030 ?
is vision 2030 ?
was their first plan that was launched ?
did vision 2030 add the nccap ?
will ensure and create the framework for the action plan to work ?
are most working children working ?
are in prostution in kenyas coastal areas ?
is the age range of most prostitutes in kenya ?
are some of the causes of child labor ?
is spoken in kenya ?
are the two official languages ?
is english spoken the most ?
is british english usually used ?
is the main religion in kenya ?
is the main denomination of christians in kenya ?
does the presbyterian church of east africa have ?
is the only jewish synagogue located ?
lives in kenya 's coastal region ?
is the western region mostly ?
is hindu ?
treats the majority of the population medically ?
registered nurses were in kenya in 2011 ?
were in kenya in 2011 ?
directly correlates with the country 's economic performance and wealth distribution ?
kenyans are living below the poverty level ?
are the biggest burdens ?
is to blame for the burdens in health care in kenya ?
did kenya report in 2006 ?
introduced the first system of education ?
did kenya gain independance ?
was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty ?
did the ominde commission do ?
was adopted for education ?
was the presidential working party on the second university commissioned to do ?
did they want the educational system to be ?
is the edcuation system currently ?
did the last batch of students that followed the former system graudate ?
was the 8-4-4 system launched ?
was the emphasis focuses on ?
were vocational subjects most important ?
was free primary school introduced ?
did enrollment increase ?
does basic education start ?
is the break down of years at different level of education ?
do students do after primary school ?
can students that complete high school have opportunites to do ?
is kenya 's literacy rate ?
preschool targest ?
is preschool required for ?
does the kcpe determine ?
is the exam at the end of form four ?
leads the national and public library servies ?
is the knls responsible for ?
is the public library seen as to kenyans ?
is the public library known as a people 's university ?
are kenyans active in ?
is the country known for ?
dominates the world of long distance running ?
does kenya compete with for long distance running ?
did kenya win during the beijing olympics ?
did kenya do in the beijing olympics ?
did pamela jelimo win after the olympics ?
has there been controversy in kenyan athletics ?
do these defections occur ?
has kenyan women been a dominate force ?
is the most successful team sport in kenya ?
did kenya reach the semi-finals ?
is the current captian of the cricket team ?
was the suspension by fifa lifted ?
is kenya the home of ?
is the safair rally known as ?
are some of the best rally drivers that have won the rally ?
do normal kenyans eat ?
do they normally have tea ?
are some normal breakfast foods ?
is normally eaten for lunch and supper ?
is the ipcc a part of ?
established the ipcc ?
does the un want to stabilize ?
is the un 's climate change treaty ?
endorsed the ipcc ?
is the chair of the ipcc ?
is hoesung lee ?
is the vice-chair of the ipcc ?
was the first chair of the ipcc ?
did pachauri resign as chair of the ipcc ?
is on the ipcc panel ?
attended the 2003 ipcc meeting ?
attend the ipcc meetings ?
are government representatives ?
was the ipcc trust fund founded ?
started the ipcc trust fund ?
funds the ipcc 's deputy secretary ?
rules does the ipcc have to follow ?
funds the ipcc 's secretary ?
does the ipcc not do ?
do ipcc reports get their information ?
is ` grey literature ' ?
does the ipcc use ?
does an ipcc report chapter have ?
lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have ?
does an ipcc report chapter have ?
assembles the authors ' contributions ?
do coordinating lead authors report to ?
does the wg i summary for policymakers report say human activities are doing to greenhouse gases ?
do increased greenhouse gases cause ?
is due to carbon dioxide ?
is the scenario called in which we do n't change our greenhouse gas creation practices ?
has global mean surface air temperature changed in the last century ?
was the joint statement on climate change issued ?
issued the joint statement on climate change ?
was the joint statement published in ?
did the statement say scientists were that temperatures would keep rising ?
did the statement predict global surface temperature would increase by 2100 ?
criticized the tar ?
did lindzen criticize about the summary for policymakers ?
responded to lindzen 's criticisms ?
was houghton 's role ?
did houghton say is necessary for any changes to the spm ?
does the ipcc prepare special reports ?
was the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation -LRB- srren -RRB- issued ?
was the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation -LRB- srex -RRB- issued ?
were the 2011 special reports issued ?
does the unfccc require the ipcc to run ?
is used to estimate emissions ?
levels of things are used to determine emission factors ?
assign tasks to the ipcc ?
did the ipcc say was mistaken ?
did the ipcc apologize for ?
was the source of the mistake ?
had the correct date ?
was robert watson 's role in the ipcc ?
did watson say the mistake went in ?
was martin parry 's role in the ipcc ?
was the topic of the error ?
was the verdict on other alleged errors ?
was the paper published that the '' millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction '' graph was based on ?
wrote the paper that the '' millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction '' graph was based on ?
is the nickname for the '' millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction '' graph ?
reconstructions supported the 1999 paper 's information ?
was the current warming compared to ?
led the science and environmental policy project ?
did singer hold a press conference in may 2000 ?
did singer dispute the graph at a senate hearing ?
did singer speak to in july 2000 ?
was the chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce ?
was chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations ?
did barton and whitfield demand climate research records ?
was chairman of the house science committee ?
was the ipcc third assessment report published ?
was the ipcc fourth assessment report published ?
covered 1,000 + years ?
did some tree ring data have ?
were used ?
was a study published confirming the 2001 ipcc projections ?
did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality for 2001-2006 ?
did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on temperature levels ?
did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on sea levels ?
did the ipcc understate ?
did the ipcc third assessment report say sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100 ?
do researchers now think sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100 ?
was the third assessment report published ?
did michael oppenheimer have in the ipcc 's reports ?
published the state of the planet 2008-2009 report ?
did oppenheimer advocate ?
has successfully dealt with ozone depletion ?
did the kyoto protocol try to address ?
oppose the ipcc ?
said people involved in the ozone situation had '' a better understanding of scientific ignorance and uncertainties '' ?
remain unsolved problems with the kyoto protocol ?
did the ozone mitigation reduce ?
ordered the stern review ?
does the ipcc rely on for research ?
can the ipcc 's report deadlines cause to be omitted ?
is seen as the ultimate climate change authority ?
called to change the ipcc in feb 2010 ?
was the feb 2010 call for change published ?
was one proposal to let the ipcc respond to new evidence faster ?
was it suggested that the ipcc avoid political problems ?
is the primary purpose of chloroplasts ?
does atp store ?
does nadph store ?
is the process of turning co2 into organic molecules called ?
does algae have ?
do chloroplasts reproduce ?
are chloroplasts similar to mitochondria ?
was the ancestor of chloroplasts ?
do plants get chloroplasts ?
have chloroplasts ?
was konstantin mereschkowski ?
was konstantin mereschkowski 's career ?
did konstantin mereschkowski suggest the origin of chloroplasts ?
said chloroplasts are similar to cyanobacteria ?
are chloroplasts descended from ?
does ` gram-negative ' mean ?
do cyanobacteria have ?
are cyanobacteria sometimes wrongly described ?
did cynaobacteria enter long ago ?
did cyanobacteria enter a cell ?
surrounds chloroplasts ?
came from the host ?
happened when cyanobacteria was assimilated ?
does ` plastid ' mean ?
are there ?
does rhodophyte mean ?
does chloroplastidan mean ?
includes land plants ?
is cyanophora in ?
is cyanophora ?
are muroplasts ?
do concentric unstacked thylakoids surround ?
is a carboxysome ?
do rhodoplasts have ?
are rhodoplasts ' phycobilin pigments combined into ?
makes red algae red ?
is the benefit of red algae being red ?
is floridean ?
do red algal chloroplasts have that green chloroplasts do n't ?
are n't some forms of hæmatococcus pluvialis green ?
do n't chloroplastidan chloroplasts have ?
have some plants repurposed the peptidoglycan layer genes for ?
do green chloroplasts have instead of phycobilisomes ?
do primary chloroplasts have ?
differs about secondary chloroplasts ' membranes ?
was the secondary endosymbiotic event ?
do secondary chloroplasts have ?
was left when engulfed algae was broken down ?
do euglenophytes have ?
are euglenophytes ?
are the pyrenoid and thylakoids arranged ?
does paramylon store ?
was lost in euglenophyte chloroplasts ?
is another word for cryptophytes ?
do cryptophytes have ?
is similar to chlorarachniophytes ?
do cryptophyte chloroplasts store starch ?
do cryptophyte chloroplasts arrange their pyrenoid and thylakoids ?
are apicomplexans a type of ?
is plasmodium ?
is an apicoplast ?
do apicomplexans store energy ?
do apicoplasts synthesize ?
do drugs target apicoplasts for ?
is the most important thing apicoplasts do ?
are apicoplasts missing ?
do apicoplasts have ?
is only found in peridinin-type chloroplasts ?
is peridinin found ?
are peridinin-type chloroplasts ' thylakoids arranged ?
have peridinin-type chloroplasts lost ?
is karlodinium in ?
is karenia in ?
does the haptophyte chloroplast have ?
is tertiary endosymbiosis of haptophyte chloroplasts expected to create ?
did dinophysis get its chloroplasts from ?
is the chloroplast of dinophysis ?
is another word for diatom ?
is durinskia 's chloroplast ?
does durinskia 's chloroplast have ?
is sometimes but not always counted regarding durinskia 's chloroplast membranes ?
does the diatom endosymbiont store starch ?
do nucleomorph genes transfer to ?
is the only dinophyte that has a non-rhodoplast chloroplast ?
did lepidodinium viride lose ?
did lepidodinium viride replace their original chloroplast with ?
is a prasinophyte ?
did most chloroplasts come from ?
is different about paulinella chromatophora ?
are there in chromatophore dna ?
are there in chromatophore dna ?
are there in synechococcus dna ?
is chloroplast dna abbreviated as ?
was the first plastome sequenced ?
sequenced the first plastome ?
have some inverted repeats become ?
could inverted repeats help do ?
is chloroplast replication observed ?
have been suggested ?
is a cairns replication intermediate ?
is a d-loop ?
does the d-loop finish replicating ?
does cpdna have ?
makes dna vulnerable to deamination ?
does the secondary theory say most cpdna is structured ?
does the secondary theory say most cpdna replicates ?
does the secondary theory say most genes are kept ?
is cpdna 's replication similar to ?
does maize have ?
is most plants ' cpdna arranged ?
does most plants ' cpdna replicate ?
lost chloroplasts ?
do donated genes give evidence of ?
do diatoms have ?
did diatoms have but lost ?
is the status of most chloroplast genes in the mitochondrion ?
do n't go back to chloroplasts ?
do the protein products of transferred genes take on ?
do you have to cross to reach the chloroplast in many secondary plastids ?
is the chloroplast polypeptide synthesized on ?
is the chloroplast polypeptide synthesized ?
does phosphorylation do ?
is the benefit of polypeptide binding ?
are chloroplasts in land plants usually shaped ?
are chloroplasts in land plants ?
are chloroplasts in land plants ?
is oedogonium 's chloroplasts ?
is chlamydomonas 's chloroplasts ?
is evidence chloroplasts descended from endosymbiotic cyanobacteria ?
is incorrectly thought about the outer chloroplast membrane ?
do both chloroplast membranes compare to cyanobacterium 's original double membranes ?
is the chloroplast double membrane sometimes compared to ?
does the inner mitochondria membrane do ?
does oxidative phosphorylation do ?
is similar to the inner mitochondria membrane ?
is n't similar to mitochondria ?
are more common in other plastids than chloroplasts ?
is a stromule ?
do stromules exist ?
were stromules discovered ?
is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum usually found ?
is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum less commonly found ?
is a maze of membranous tubes ?
does the chloroplast peripheral reticulum do ?
do transport vesicles move between ?
do chloroplasts use their ribosomes for ?
are chloroplast ribosomes ?
are cytoplasmic ribosomes ?
are some chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts missing ?
is shine-dalgarno sequence recognition important ?
is a single plastoglobuli called ?
are plastoglobuli ?
are plastoglobuli made of ?
are plastoglobuli ?
are plastoglobuli attached to ?
do plastoglobuli exchange contents with ?
are green chloroplasts ' plastoglobuli arranged ?
do plastoglobuli occur in linked groups ?
are pyrenoids found ?
are pyrenoids ?
do pyrenoids look like ?
do pyrenoids store ?
can pyrenoids replicate ?
do grana look like pancakes ?
are granal thylakoids ?
granal thylakoids can be in each granum ?
granal thylakoids are usually in each granum ?
are frets ?
does chlorophyll absorb ?
do carotenoids absorb ?
does chlorophyll use light energy to do ?
does the thylakoid membrane use the energized electrons for ?
is atp synthase similar to ?
are there ?
distinguishes granal thylakoids ?
distinguishes stromal thylakoids ?
are granal thylakoids ?
are granal thylakoids ?
are there ?
do carotenoids make leaves change color in the fall ?
is beta carotene ?
is the most common xanthophyll ?
are phycobilins ?
is phycoerytherin ?
does phycoerytherin appear in ?
are phycobilisomes ?
are phycobilisomes ?
do chloroplasts use to fix carbon dioxide into sugar ?
is rubisco 's flaw ?
does rubisco 's flaw have ?
does rubisco 's flaw interfere with ?
is wasted by rubisco 's flaw ?
are chloroplasts in mesophyll cells specialized for ?
do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells lack ?
do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells specialized use to make atp ?
do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells store carbon dioxide in ?
do bundle sheath chloroplasts specialize in ?
have chloroplasts ?
makes plants green ?
have chloroplasts in them ?
can chloroplasts sometimes be found ?
is a chlorenchyma cell ?
do cacti have chloroplasts ?
do most plants have chloroplasts ?
are in stomatal guard cells ?
are in a square mm of a leaf ?
have chloroplasts ?
do chloroplasts spread out flat ?
do chloroplasts arrange in vertical columns or turn sideways ?
does turning sideways protect chloroplasts from ?
do land plants have more and smaller chloroplasts ?
do plants have ?
is the hypersensitive response of a plant immune system ?
is the systemic acquired resistance response of a plant immune system ?
do chloroplasts trigger the plant 's immune system ?
does damaging photosynthesis systems create ?
act as defense signals ?
do chloroplasts produce defense signals ?
happens to reactive oxygen species signals since they do n't leave the chloroplast ?
is retrograde signaling ?
is the most important role of chloroplasts ?
is the process of changing light into chemical energy ?
is chemical energy used to produce in plants ?
are the molecular inputs for photosynthesis ?
are the molecular outputs for photosynthesis ?
do chloroplasts do like mitochondria ?
do chloroplasts pump hydrogen ?
do the hydrogen ions get in the thylakoid space ?
does atp synthase change into atp ?
does atp mean ?
usually takes reenergized electrons ?
are electrons recycled ?
is cyclic photophosphorylation common ?
do c4 plants need ?
starts with rubisco ?
is the result of the calvin cycle ?
do unstable 6-carbon molecules become ?
g3p molecules leave the cycle ?
is an alternate way to make starch ?
might starch grains become overly large ?
happens when starch grains become overly large ?
can cause starch buildup ?
might starch grains be a side effect of ?
can rubisco do by mistake ?
does photorespiration happen ?
is using o2 instead of co2 less efficient ?
gets wasted by using o2 instead of co2 ?
is unusual about c4 plants ' chloroplasts ?
do chloroplasts make amino acids ?
contain sulfur ?
is the problem with cysteine ?
are we unsure of about how chloroplasts make methionine precursors ?
is sometimes used interchangeably with ` plastids ' ?
do a plant 's chloroplasts descend from ?
are proplastids usually found ?
is more often seen in root tip maristems ?
happens if angiosperm shoots do n't get enough light ?
is an etioplast ?
do etioplasts have instead of chlorophyll ?
do n't need light to make chloroplasts ?
can chloroplasts change into ?
are chromoplasts ?
can amyloplasts become ?
can proplastids become ?
a plant is injured , what can become proplastids ?
do ftsz1 and ftsz2 combine into ?
are ftsz1 and ftsz2 ?
do ftsz1 and ftsz2 plus arc6 form ?
is the z-ring ?
gets the z-ring in the right place ?
are pd rings ?
are there ?
are the outer pd ring 's filaments ?
are the outer pd ring 's filaments ?
is different about cyanidioschyzon merolæ ?
is important for chloroplasts to divide ?
do chloroplasts look like in spinach grown in green light ?
is inadequate for chloroplasts to divide ?
are chloroplasts of interest in gmo crops ?
is reduced by using plastid transformation for gene modification ?
was the containment failure rate in a tobacco plant study using plastid transformation ?
are plants with plastid gene transformations called ?
is the only divisor besides 1 that a prime number can have ?
are numbers greater than 1 that can be divided by 3 or more numbers called ?
defines the main role of primes in number theory ?
must one be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem ?
is the name of the property that designates a number as being prime or not ?
is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a number n ?
is the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers ?
is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers ?
as of january 2016 does the largest known prime consist of ?
exist ?
established the amount of prime numbers in existence ?
is it possible to determine ?
states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its logarithm ?
was the prime number theorem proven ?
is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 2 can be represented as the sum of two primes ?
is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ?
besides the analytic property of numbers , other property of numbers does number theory focus on ?
is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is very challenging ?
is the name of one algebraic generalization prime numbers have inspired ?
any even number larger than can not be considered prime ?
are the specific divisors of all even numbers larger than 2 ?
is given to any prime number larger than 2 ?
besides 1,3 and 7 , must all primes greater than 5 end with ?
are always multiples of 2 ?
did early greeks not regard as a true number ?
included 1 as the first prime number in the mid 18th century ?
in the mid 18th century , did not concur that 1 should be the first prime number ?
primes were included in derrick norman lehmer 's list of prime numbers ?
do modern mathematicians consider 1 to be ?
would be invalid if the number 1 were considered prime ?
is another function that primes have that the number 1 does not ?
is one function that prime numbers have that 1 does not ?
if 1 were to be considered as prime would the sieve of eratosthenes yield for all other numbers ?
is the name of the egyptian papyrus that suggests that they may have had knowledge of prime numbers ?
was the first known to clearly study prime numbers ?
has significant theorems about prime numbers ?
demonstrated how to create a perfect number from a mersenne prime ?
does the sieve of eratosthenes do ?
did pierre de fermat declare fermat 's little theorem ?
proved the validity of fermat 's little theorem ?
do fermat numbers take ?
do mersenne primes take ?
did fermat confirm the validity of fermat numbers ?
is the most elemental way to test the primality of any integer n ?
makes the method of trial division more efficient ?
are required to verify the primality of the number 37 ?
must the integer m be less than or equal to when performing trial division ?
are there ?
is the name of one type of modern primality test ?
is the name of another type of modern primality test ?
is trial division ?
using a probabilistic algorithm , how is the probability that the number is composite expressed mathematically ?
is one straightforward case of a probabilistic test ?
does the fermat primality test depend upon ?
demonstrate a flaw with the fermat primality test ?
is the name of one impressive continuation of the fermat primality test ?
is the name of another compelling continuation of the fermat primality test ?
are sophie germain primes ?
are mersenne primes ?
is especially useful for numbers of the form 2p - 1 ?
is the name of one type of prime where p +1 or p-1 takes a certain shape ?
is the name of another type of prime here p +1 or p-1 takes a certain shape ?
is the name of one type of computing method that is used to find prime numbers ?
was the great internet mersenne prime search project conducted ?
the great internet mersenne prime search , was the prize for finding a prime with at least 10 million digits ?
offers monetary awards for identifying primes with at least 100 million digits ?
are some of the greatest primes without a distinct form discovered in ?
is name of the function used for the largest integer not greater than the number in question ?
first proved bertrand 's postulate ?
for size natural number does bertrand 's postulate hold ?
is the prime number p in bertrand 's postulate expressed mathematically ?
is the formula that frequently generates the number 2 and all other primes precisely once based on ?
is another way to state the condition that infinitely many primes can exist only if a and q are coprime ?
if a and q are coprime , theorem holds that an arithmetic progression has an infinite number of primes ?
is the density of all primes compatible with a modulo 9 ?
if q = 9 and a = 3,6 or 9 , primes would be in the progression ?
if q = 9 and a = 1,2,4,5,7 , or 8 , primes would be in a progression ?
is related to prime numbers ?
would the zeta function have if there were finite primes ?
property of the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... shows that there is an infinite number of primes ?
does it mean when a harmonic series diverges ?
is the basel problem ?
was the riemann hypothesis proposed ?
according to the riemann hypothesis , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 except for values of s ?
does the riemann hypothesis state the source of irregularity in the distribution of points comes from ?
does the riemann hypothesis propose is also true for short intervals near x ?
is characterized about x/log x of numbers less than x ?
holds that every even integer n greater than 2 can be expressed as a sum of two primes ?
did landau propose his four conjectural problems ?
as of february 2011 , has goldbach 's conjecture been proven to ?
that all large odd integers can be expressed as a sum of three primes ?
that every large even integer can be written as a prime summed with a semiprime ?
holds that there is an infinite amount of twin primes ?
is a twin prime ?
holds that for any positive integer n , there is an infinite amount of pairs of consecutive primes differing by 2n ?
is the infinite amount of primes that comprise the special cases of schinzel 's hypothesis ?
holds that there are always a minimum of 4 primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2 ?
besides the study of prime numbers , was considered the official example of pure mathematics ?
took pride in doing work that he felt had no military benefit ?
was it discovered that prime numbers could applied to the creation of public key cryptography algorithms ?
besides public key cryptography , is another application for prime numbers ?
make use of prime numbers ?
assuming p is a prime other than 2 or 5 , then , according to fermat 's theorem , will 1/p always be ?
according to fermat 's theorem , does 1/p always have assuming p is prime that is not 2 or 5 ?
according to wilson 's theorem , factorial must be divisible by p if some integer p > 1 is to be considered prime ?
according to wilson 's theorem , factorial must be divisible by n if some integer n > 4 is to be considered composite ?
what must be satisfied in order for 1/p to be expressed in base q instead of base 10 and still have a period of p - 1 ?
is one type of public key cryptography algorithm ?
is another type of public key cryptography algorithm ?
are often in the primes used for rsa public key cryptography algorithms ?
does the diffie -- hellman key exchange depend on ?
are typically used in the primes for the diffie -- hellman key exchange ?
employs the use of prime numbers in its evolutionary strategy ?
do cicadas spend the majority of their lives ?
other than 7 and 13 , other year interval do cicadas pupate ?
is the logic behind the cicadas prime number evolutionary strategy ?
would cicada predator populations be if cicada outbreaks occurred at 14 and 15 year intervals ?
does the word prime generally suggest ?
can any knot be distinctively indicated ?
is an additional meaning intended when the word prime is used ?
does it mean for a knot to be considered indecomposable ?
is the name of an algebraic structure in which addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined ?
is one general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings ?
is another general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings ?
is one condition that an element p of r must satisfy in order to be considered a prime element ?
is an element irreducible ?
remains valid in unique factorization domains ?
is one example of a unique factorization domain ?
do complex gaussian integers have ?
do a and b represent in a gaussian integer expression ?
form are rational primes ?
is the idea of a number exchanged with that of an ideal ?
generalize prime elements ?
utilizes and studies prime ideals ?
can be simplified to the lasker -- noether theorem ?
does the lasker -- noether theorem express every ideal as an intersection of primary ideals in ?
are the points of algebro-geometric objects ?
does factorization of prime ideals approximate ?
can prime ideals be used for validating quadratic reciprocity ?
does quadratic reciprocity seek to achieve ?
happens to the norm when a number is multiplied by p ?
may general global fields be transferred to or from ?
principle highlights the significance of primes in number theory
wrote ametrical music using prime numbers ?
is one work by olivier messiaen ?
in etude of neumes rythmiques do the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in ?
messiaen says that composition with prime numbers was inspired ?
does the rhine begin ?
does the rhine empty ?
is the largest city the rhine runs through ?
is larger than the rhine ?
is the rhine ?
does the rhine empty ?
is the rhine ?
does the name rhine derive from ?
is the french name for the rhine ?
is the proto-germanic adaptation of the name of the rhine ?
did the name of the rhine come from ?
does the name the rhine come from ?
is the rhine called in french ?
is the rhine called in dutch ?
is the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name of the rhine ?
was the dutch name for the rhine originally spelled ?
is the conventional method to measure the rhine ?
was the scale to measure the rhine introduced ?
does the rhine river 's measurement begin ?
does the rhine river 's measurement end ?
has shortened the rhine river ?
is the conventional measurement of the rhine ?
was the measurement of the rhine introduced ?
does the rhine begin ?
has the rhine been shortened ?
does the rhine end ?
near chur , does the rhine turn ?
is the section of the rhine near chur ?
is the alpine valley that the rhine flows through ?
is the natural dam that the rhine flows through ?
is the other country the rhine separates switzerland to ?
does the rhine make a distinctive turn to the north ?
is the section that turns north ?
is the height of the section that turns north ?
is the glacial alpine valley known as ?
the rhine forms an inland delta into ?
is the delta in the rhine delimited in the west by ?
is the delta in the rhine delimited in the east by ?
in local alemannic dialect , is the singular form of the names of the islands formed by the rhine ?
the inland delta at the mouth of the rhine is ?
delimits the delta of the rhine in the east ?
delimits the delta of the rhine in the west ?
did the rhine branch off to form in austria ?
is the almannic dialect to describe the islands outside in austria ?
is the upper canal regulation of the rhine ?
is the lower canal regulation of the rhine ?
besides constant flooding , was there regulation of the rhine ?
after the dornbirner ach was diverted , does the rhine flow now ?
is expected with the continuous input of sediment into the dornbirner ach ?
was the rhine regulated with a lower canal ?
was the rhine regulated ?
was the rhine regulated with an upper canal ?
was diverted and now flows parallel to the rhine ?
will cause the lake near the rhine to silt up ?
makes up lake constance ?
does untersee mean ?
connects the rhine to lake constance ?
does the rhine flow from the south ?
does obersee mean ?
makes up lake constance ?
besides germany and switzerland , is lake constance ?
is lake constance by ?
does the rhine water fall into depths at the rheinbrech ?
receives a fraction of the rhine 's flow ?
does the cold and warm water meet the warm water ?
can you see from the german islands ?
is the island off of the german shore of the rhine that this warm and cold water meet ?
does the cold water mix with lake constance ?
does the cold water flow of the rhine and lake constance flow to ?
a small fraction of the cold water flow from lake constance goes ?
does the word rheinrinne translate to ?
does the flow of the rhine being visible depend on ?
after the rhine emerges from lake constance , does it flow ?
is the major tributary of the rhine ?
does the aare give to the rhine ?
is the highest point of the rhine basin ?
is the so-called rhine knee ?
the rhine emerges from lake constance which way does it flow ?
is the major tributary for the rhine ?
is the highest point of the rhine basin called ?
there 's a rough border between switzerland and formed by the rhine ?
is the first major city in the stream of the rhine ?
is the bend of rhine in basel called ?
is the boundary between the high and upper rhine ?
is the upper rhine plain ?
is the upper rhine plain ?
is the first major city in the course of the rhine ?
is the first major bend in the rhine called ?
in the rhine ?
is the legal boundary behind the high and upper rind ?
was there a program to straighten the rhine ?
happened to the rate of flow in the rhine during the rhine straightening program ?
happened to the ground water in the rhine during the rhine straightening program ?
was dug in france to carry rhine 's water ?
is the bassin de compensation de plobsheim in alsace ?
was changed by the rhine straightening program ?
did the rhine straightening program begin ?
happened with the rate of flow in the rhine with the straightening program ?
happened with the ground water level with the rhine straightening program ?
carries a significant amount of the rhine flow through france ?
does the rhine encounter it 's tributary the neckar ?
is the average discharge of the moselle to the rhine ?
is the longest river in germany ?
is a main tributary to the rhine that goes through northeastern france and part of belgium ?
is the average width of the rhine ?
the rhine is the longest river ?
does the rhine encounter it 's main tributaries ?
contributes most ?
does the moselle take the rhine to ?
does the rhine discharge at the dutch border ?
?
is between the bingen and bonn ?
was the rhine gorge formed ?
is the area called near the rhine gorge with castles from the middle ages ?
?
does the middle rhine flow between bingen and bonn ?
is the rhine gorge known for ?
is the section of the rhine gorge recognized by unesco called ?
contributed to water pollution in the rhine ?
is europe 's largest inland port ?
joins the rhine in duisburg ?
does the ruhr provide to it 's community ?
are a bulk of factories concentrated along the rhine ?
did industry do to the rhine until the 1980s ?
is most factories found ?
has the most factories that pollute the rhine ?
has the largest inland port in europe ?
joins the rhine in duisburg ?
besides viniculture , 's a dominant economic sector of the middle rhine ?
is the famous rock near sanke goarshausen ?
is considered the epitome of the rhine romanticism ?
besides viniculture , is the other dominate economic sector in the middle rhine ?
is the rhine gorge listed as ?
the rhine gorge is between koblenz and other city ?
is the famous rock called that the rhine flows around ?
is the famous rock the rhine flows around ?
has the biggest port in germany ?
is the canal in wesel ?
does the wessel-datteln canal run parallel to ?
is the largest suspension bridge in germany ?
is the rhine in germany between emmrich and cleves ?
flows through north rhine-westphalia ?
is the region called that is the largest conurbation of the rhine ?
is the largest port in europe called ?
is the name of the longest bridge in germany ?
is the rhine in germany ?
does the water flow of the rhine merge with after flowing through merwede ?
is the dutch name for the rhine ?
does the waal get from the rhine ?
does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany ?
does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany ?
does the rhine merge with outside of germany ?
's the name of where the rhine branches off near dordrecht ?
if two thirds of the rhine flows through the maas , doe the other one third flow through ?
the rhine redistributes into the ijssel and other body ?
does the nederrikn 's name change into ?
does the lek join ?
if two thirds of the rhine flows through waal , does the other third flow through ?
other than the ijssel , does the water from the pannerdens kanaal redsitrubute ?
does ijssel carry ?
does the nederrijn change it 's name to ?
does the nederrijn change it 's name ?
is the name for the smaller streams along the region northern germany ?
the smaller streams are used ?
is the name of the old north branch of the rhine ?
is the translation of the old north branch of rhe rhine ?
flows west at katwijk ?
is the name of the delta in the netherlands ?
does the delta in the netherlands begin ?
is the nickname for the delta in the netherlands ?
at millingen aan de rijn the rhine splits , what does it change it 's name to ?
are branched off from the nederrijn ?
is the largest main branch of the rhine ?
is the translation of oude maas ?
is the english translation of het scheur ?
impacted the meuse ?
did the flood that impacted the meuse take place ?
did the meuse flow before the flood ?
did the meuse and waal merge ?
did the merwede-oude maas form with waal and lek ?
do closed rivers serve as after they close ?
changed the rhine 's delta ?
is the term for closing off rivers that are no longer connected ?
was the construction that changed the rhine 's delta ?
is the rhine-meuse ?
shapes the sedimentation of the rivers ?
does a high tide risk near lands ?
between brakel and can the most landward tidal influence be detected ?
the present mediterranean sea descends from ?
did plates reverse directions to compress the tethys floor ?
opened the tethys ocean ?
pushed up the pyrenees ?
developed in the alpine orogeny ?
elements from the rift system in the alpine orogeny in southwest germany ?
did a river system develop in the upper rhine graben ?
the rhine and drained the northern flanks of the alps ?
did the rhine extend watershed southward ?
did the rhine capture streams ?
are the streams the rhine captured ?
was 2.5 million years ago ?
have occurred ?
did the sea level drop in the ice ages ?
did the rhine flow ?
during glacial times , was the mouth of the rhine located ?
did the last glacial start ?
did the last glacial end ?
did the rhine flow during the last cold phase ?
was the north sea in the last cold phase than it is today ?
besides the north sea and the irish channel , was lowered in the last cold phase ?
was the source of the rhine in the last ice age ?
stretched across middle europe in the last ice age ?
was the last glacial maximum ?
is the term for wind-blown dust in a tundra ?
did europe slowly begin to warm up from the last ice age ?
did frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers begin to do ?
did the discharge from glaciers go in europe in the last ice age ?
did rapid warming begin and help vegetation ?
was europe fully forested and recovered from the last ice age ?
did tides and currents similar to our current system begin ?
did natural sedimentation by the rhine compensate the transgression bby the sea ?
has the rhine coastline been in the same location ?
is the current sea level rising ?
is the sea level rising ?
was the holocene ?
did the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta begin ?
did the rhine occupy during the holocene ?
did the rhine continue to rise during the holocene ?
have humans started impacting the delta ?
has increased sediment and delta growth also produced in the rhine ?
increased in the rhine because of the land clearance in the upland areas ?
did embankment of the major rhine distributaries take palce ?
avulsions have occurred in the past 6000 yeas ?
do the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to ?
do the waal and the nederrijn-lek discharge throguh ?
does the ijssel branch flow ?
did the zuider zee brackish lagoon change into ?
does the rhine branch into ?
was the rhine first discovered ?
was the rhine part of the areal of hallstatt culture ?
first wrote about the rhine 's discovery and border ?
did augustus die ?
the rhine and were accepted as the germanic frontier ?
did the rhine stop being the roman boundary ?
did romans use to drift through the rhine ?
were along the rhine by the romans ?
was the colonia agrippina 's original name ?
did the number of legions in roman times depend on ?
does colonia agrippina 's original name translate into ?
did germanic tribes cross the rhine to migrate ?
did germanic tribes establish with help from the rhine ?
is the translation of siebengebirge ?
is the hero who killed a dragon on the drachenfels ?
threw gold into the rhine , according to legend ?
did the rhine become borders with francia ?
was the rhine fully within the holy roman empire ?
sold the upper rhine to burgundy ?
was the upper rhine sold to burgundy ?
was the name of the time the upper rhine form a border between france and germany ?
was a long term goal of french foreign policy along the rhine ?
established the confederation of the rhine ?
was the confederation of the rhine ?
was the rhine crisis ?
was rhineland subject to the treaty of versailles ?
would the occupation of allies leave rhineland ?
after 1935 , would be forbidden to enter rhineland ?
do some believe the treaty of versailles assisted in ?
did the german army reoccupy rhineland ?
is the rhine bridge ?
was the rhine considered to invaders in wwii ?
was operation market garden ?
did the germans fail to demolish ?
was the warsaw pact war plan ?
was the accepted length of the rhine prior to 1932 ?
stated a change of the length of the rhine ?
in 1932 was the rhine measurement changed to ?
was the current parliament of scotland convened ?
set out the parliament 's powers as a devolved legislature ?
the legislative competence of the parliament species areas ?
are certain powers explicitly specified as being reserved for ?
the scottish parliament may legislate as it pleases as long as the powers are n't already reserved by ?
remained an important issue in scottish national identity for many years ?
was scotland directly governed by the parliament of great britain ?
were the initial suggestions for a devolved parliament before 1914 shelved ?
was there a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland ?
did kllbrandon 's report in 1973 recommend establishing ?
was oil discovered in ?
did the scottish national party -LRB- snp -RRB- run ?
did prime minister wilson commit to some form of devolved legislature ?
did the snp publicly opine about the oil revenues ?
was the final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly passed ?
was an elected assembly to be set up , under the terms of the scotland act of 1978 ?
would need to for it on the referendum ?
of the vote for a scottish assembly in favor of it ?
did trying to establish a devolved scottish assembly go in 1979 ?
failed to actually vote ?
in the range between 1980 and 1990 , did demand for grow ?
helped fuel a desire for a scottish parliament ?
was the scottish constitutional convention held ?
provided much of the basis for the structure of the parliament in 1995 ?
has the official home of the scottish parliament been since 2004 ?
designed the scottish parliament building ?
is the architect enric miralles ?
are some of the buildings in the parliament complex ?
opened the new parliament building on october 9 , 2004 ?
was the building vacated twice to allow for ?
was parliament 's temporary home whilst the permanent building was being built ?
were interviews held while the parliament was in its temporary building ?
in may 2002 , would you go to address the parliament ?
was parliament temporarily relocated to in may of 2000 ?
did the parliament rent additional buildings from ?
was used for the msp 's offices ?
happened to the building on george iv bridge when the parliament was done with it ?
do the former midlothian county buildings face ?
was used as parliament 's principle committee room ?
is elected to serve as the presiding officer at the beginning of each parliamentary session ?
is currently speaker of the scottish parliament ?
is used to elect the presiding officer and deputies of the parliament ?
are there ?
is responsible for operating the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks ?
is responsible for ensuring the parliament works smoothly ?
sets the work agenda and allocates time in the chamber ?
must a political party have to be represented on the parliamentary bureau ?
represents the scottish parliament at home and abroad in an official capacity ?
is the seating arrangement of the debating chamber ?
is the seating of the debating chamber arranged as it is ?
are in the debating chamber ?
are members of the scottish government ?
does the gold in the parliamentary mace come from ?
is the parliamentary mace made of ?
presented the mac to the scottish parliament when it was initially opened ?
are inscribed on the mace of parliament ?
is the mace displayed in ?
is the first in the year parliament takes a two week vacation ?
do plenary meetings take place ?
are debates and meetings open to ?
does it cost to gain entry to a parliament meeting ?
contains a nearly verbatim of parliamentary debates ?
does the time for reflection take place ?
might a speaker address the members during the time of reflection ?
decides who gets to address the members of parliament to share their thoughts on issues of faith ?
because speakers are drawn from across scotland , do the represent the balance of ?
can faith groups ask the presiding officer to do for them ?
decides who gets to speak in the chamber debates ?
is also decided by the presiding officer ?
does the presiding officer try to achieve a balance of between speakers ?
typically open debates ?
has the scottish parliament had meetings in ?
do the msps normally decide on the motions and amendments from that day ?
is heralded by the sounding of the division bell ?
do msps who are not in the chamber when the division bell rings return to do ?
do members vote when there is a division ?
does it take to know the outcome of a division ?
can often be predicted beforehand ?
normally instructs members how to vote ?
has the task of ensuring party members vote according to the party line ?
are members typically allowed to vote as they please ?
happens if a member does n't vote the party line ?
is the members debate held ?
are debates on proposed motions by an msp conducted ?
does the members debate last ?
contributes to members business in addition to the proposer ?
does the minister who was the catalyst of the members business do by speaking after everyone else ?
is much of the work of the scottish parliament done ?
are committees in the scottish parliament compared to other systems ?
is one avenue being compensated for by having committees serve such a large role ?
taking evidence from witnesses is one of committees ' ?
might committees meet outside of parliament ?
are committees comprised of ?
do the membership of the committees reflect ?
different committees have set out in different ways ?
is set down under the sp 's standing orders ?
is the scottish parliament in ?
are subject committees established ?
does a committee typically correspond to ?
economy , energy and tourism is one ?
is the scottish parliament currently in the fourth of ?
is set up to scrutinize private bills submitted by party outsiders ?
do private bills typically have ?
considered legislation on the development of the edinburgh tram network ?
sets forth the functions of the scottish parliament ?
gave her royal assent to the scotland act of 1998 ?
does the scotland act of 2012 extend ?
constitutes the supreme legislature of scotland ?
has the role of holding the scottish government to account ?
are reserved matters stated in the scotland act ?
if a matter is not specifically reserved , is it devolved to ?
do police and fire services fall under the purview of the scottish parliament ?
can the sp alter income tax in scotland ?
setting speed limits was one of the further devolutions was conferred by what act ?
is the name of matters outside the legislative ability of the scottish parliament ?
issues dealt with at westminster are not ones is able to deal with ?
are issues like abortion and drug policy legislated on ?
may be presented to parliament in various ways ?
may introduce new laws or amendments to laws already on the books as a bill ?
may also submit private bills to parliament ?
do bills pass through parliament ?
is stage 1 in the life of a bill ?
are presented to parliament in addition to the bill itself ?
do statements from the po and member in charge of the bill also indicate ?
are bills typically gestated in stage 1 ?
if parliament agrees in a vote to the general principle of a bill , does it then proceed to ?
is the final stage of a bill in the scottish parliament ?
does the consideration of a bill in stage 3 have ?
takes place in stage 3 ?
of amendments might members opposed to a bill put on the table ?
do members proceed to vote on whether they agree to the principles of the final bill ?
does the presiding officer submit the final bill to ?
is the final bill passed to the monarch ?
is the minimum amount of time before a bill can go into law ?
is a bill referred to for a ruling on whether it 's within the powers of the parliament ?
does the template for bills passed by the scottish parliament include ?
forms the scottish parliament ?
is eligible to toss their name in the hat to be first minister ?
is elected at the beginning of each term ?
makes formal appointment or dismissal decisions ?
are general elections held ?
month , every four years , are the ordinary general elections held on ?
may change the date by up to a month , on the proposal of the po ?
if an extraordinary election is held within less than six months before the date of an ordinary election , does it do to the ordinary election ?
does the parliament have to nominate a first minister after a general election ?
enables the scottish parliament to scrutinize the government ?
can question statements the first minister or members of the cabinet make ?
does the first minister deliver at the beginning of each parliamentary year ?
do the leaders of the opposition parties and other msps question the first minister about ?
is set aside for question periods in the debating chamber ?
does a general question time take place ?
may members direct questions towards during general question time ?
may members question the first minister about directly during first minister 's question time ?
are available to opposition leaders ?
is the number of constituency msps ?
was there a reduction in the number of scottish mps ?
can voters choose to represent the constituency ?
do the island archipelagos comprise a smaller number of electors ?
is the current number of electors currently in a scottish parliament constituency ?
are the total numbers of seats allocated to parties ?
is used for tallying votes in the second vote of the ballot ?
the party awarded a seat is the one with the highest ?
is a seat added to after being allocated ?
is the process of allocating seats repeated until all available seats have been determined ?
does being an msp share with the house of commons ?
was the british nationality act passed ?
members of organizations are disqualified from sitting in the sp as elected msps ?
sets the term for judging the boundaries of sanity to which individuals wishing to sit on the sp must adhere ?
the election produced an snp majority government , what was it the first occurrence of ?
did the snp obtain 16 seats from ?
did labour lead lain gray retain east lothian ?
did the snp take from the liberal democrats ?
did the result of the snp majority allow a referendum be held on ?
was the seat of former party leader david mcletchie ?
did the conservatives suffer ?
announced she would step down as leader of the conservatives ?
congratulated the snp while vowing to campaign against their referendum ?
applies to scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons ?
are mps unable to vote upon ?
has led to criticism ?
had a victory in the 2015 uk election ?
mps representing english constituencies can only veto laws affecting ?
is an islamic revival movement ?
does islamism seek to integrate itself into ?
does islamism have when it comes to society and government ?
have the two different islamist movements been described as oscillating between ?
do moderate and reformist islamists work within the boundaries of ?
does hamas originate ?
is the goal of islamist groups like hezbollah and hamas ?
do radical islamist organizations reject entirely ?
do the radical islamist organizations conduct their attacks ?
exists between fundamentalist islamism and reformist islamism ?
did olivier roy state underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century ?
did the salafi movement put emphasis on ?
has islamism been increasingly interdependent with following the arab spring ?
do islamists need democratic elections ?
makes it a somewhat controversial concept ?
do supporters of islamism believe their views reflect ?
does the inability to separate islam from islamism lead many in the west to support ?
do progressive moderates of islam seek to separate ?
do islamists think should be applied to them ?
does a writer for the international crisis group think the concept of political islam is a creation of ?
was apolitical islam ?
was the heyday of secular arab nationalism ?
did some of the islamist groups supported by the west later become to be seen as ?
did western governments support fledgling islamists ?
did the non-afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige ?
did the us provide aid to , to fight against the soviet union ?
western governments considered islamists to be the lesser of two evils compared to whom ?
did the non-afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige ?
is the president of egypt ?
is sadat for ?
was sadat seeking by releasing islamists from prison ?
did the so called gentlemen 's agreement between sadat and the islamists break down ?
was sadat rewarded by the islamists for his attempts to bring egypt into modern times and civilization ?
does salafism promote ?
does salafism in its harshest form encourage its followers to view the religion of others with ?
conservative islam classifies muslims follow shia interpretation as what ?
is the muslim brotherhood ?
is the muslim brotherhood known for ?
are incompetent government 's commitment to social justice limited to ?
has the muslim brotherhood facilitated inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies ?
was iqbal studying in england and germany ?
did iqbal join in london ?
was iqbal a critic of ?
did iqbal return to lahore ?
was iqbal 's seven english lectures published as ?
did iqbal fear would weaken the spiritual foundations of islam and muslim society ?
iqbal promoted ideas of greater islamic political unity , what did he encourage ending ?
was iqbal elected president of the muslim league ?
did iqbal 's allahabad address inspire ?
was an important figure in the twentieth-century islamic revival in india ?
did maududi found the jamaat-e-islami party ?
did maududi exert the most impact ?
did maududi 's books place islam ?
was an important early figure in the islamic revival in india ?
though trained as a lawyer , did maududi pursue instead ?
did maududi exert the most impact ?
did maududi 's books place islam ?
did maududi believe muslim society could not be islamic in the absence of ?
maududi believed that islam needed to be established ?
is the english translation of tawhid ?
did maududi advocate ?
did maududi want to change the hearts and minds of individuals ?
was the muslim brotherhood founded ?
was the muslim brotherhood founded ?
founded the muslim brotherhood ?
specifies what as being their constitution ?
did al banna wish to eliminate from the muslim world ?
was al-banna assassinated ?
was al-banna 's assassination a retaliation for the prior assassination of ?
was the brotherhood first banned in egypt ?
jailed thousands of members of the brotherhood ?
has the brotherhood obtained in the islamic world ?
did political parties identifying as islamist win in the egyptian parliamentary election of 2011-2012 ?
for many years , was the brotherhood described as ?
was the first democratically elected president of egypt ?
was the defeat of the arab troops at the hand of the israeli troops during the six-day war ?
happened to the credibility of secular politics as a result of the six-day war ?
gained ground when arab nationalism suffered ?
was the ideologue of the iranian revolution ?
does khomeini 's beliefs fall as compared to mawdudi and qutb ?
was it essential to islam to imitate ?
was the acts of plundering muslim lands by the west ?
has maintained its control of iran ?
has the us directed at iran ?
did the iranian government enjoy something of a resurgence ?
stated he wanted israel to vanish ?
deployed its army into afghanistan in 1979 ?
was the soviet union trying to suppress with its army ?
did the conflict galvanize muslims around the world to do ?
was the military use of the '' afghan arabs '' ?
muslims came from around the world to fight in afghanistan ?
did the gulf war inadvertently do in the early 1990s ?
did the us military personal seek to put an end to ?
did western troops protect ?
did islamists accuse the saudi regime of being ?
did the attacks resonate most with ?
did saudi arabia try to repress to compensate for its loss of stature ?
did american troops remain stationed after saddam 's defeat ?
did a bloody civil war break out ?
masterminded many terror attacks ?
became increasingly radical during his imprisonment ?
was qutb executed ?
was led by hasan al-hudaybi ?
pursued a more radical direction ?
had the brotherhood renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals ?
took up the path of violence ?
did the egyptian islamic jihad assassinate anwar sadat ?
leaders did the islamic extremists attack ?
were the leaders the extremists attacked guilty of ?
wrote a pamphlet outlining the radical ideas of the extremists ?
did al-gama ' a al-islamiyya use to get its way ?
did jamaa islamiya renounce violence ?
did the islamic group 's campaign to overthrow the government turn out ?
has the islamic liberation party attempted to assassinate ?
did the muslim brotherhood in palestine take towards israel ?
is devoted to jihad against israel ?
did the hamas charter uncompromisingly encourage ?
the brotherhood 's members are against consuming ?
does hamas want to establish an islamic state ?
has continued to be a major disruptive force in palestine ?
did hamas kill between 2000 to 2007 ?
did hamas win in the january 2006 legislative election ?
did hamas drive the plo out of gaza ?
have muslims praised hamas for doing ?
ruled over sudan for many years ?
was the leader of the islamist regime in sudan ?
did general gaafar al-nimeiry invite members of to serve in his government ?
did turabi build a strong economic base ?
did turabi place students sympathetic to his views ?
was al-nimeiry overthrown ?
did the party overthrow the elected government in 1989 ?
did the nif regime harbor prior to 9/11 ?
did the nif try to unify islamist opposition against ?
was the fis founded ?
was the fis formed ?
does the acronym fis stand for ?
were the national elections in 1991 canceled by ?
was fought between political and tribal warlords ?
did the democratic republic of afghanistan collapse ?
did the civil war leave the state of afghanistan 's economy in ?
did the taliban take over ?
did support from governmental and religious groups come from ?
did the taliban want to subject the entire country to ?
influenced the taliban 's ideology ?
was the regime in pakistan overthrown by general zia-ul-haq ?
had bhutto planned on banning within six months , before he was overthrown ?
was zia-ul-haq 's official state ideology ?
was zia-ul-haq accused of using islamization to legitimize ?
was zia-ul-haq killed ?
is the islamic state ?
leads the islamic state ?
did the islamic state control the territory of as of march 2015 ?
does the islamic state lack from the international community ?
did the islamic state proclaim itself in 2014 ?
did isil pledge allegiance to al-qaeda ?
did western forces invade iraq ?
did al-qaeda tell isil to take a hike ?
did the syrian civil war begin ?
has the united nations designed isil ?
's the party 's take on muslim history ?
did the four rightly guided caliphs die ?
was the ottoman caliphate abolished ?
the abolition of the ottoman caliphate is believed to have ended ?
are colonial powers blamed for ?
does ht avoid engaging in ?
does ht strive to amass power ?
specifically does ht target to change the opinion of ?
did ht fail to pull off a bloodless coup in 1974 ?
have many ht members graduated to joining ?
muslims are in greater london ?
do some of the muslims in london have ?
did the channel 4 documentary undercover mosque air ?
was abu hamaz al-masri charged with when he was arrested ?
been actively engaged in efforts to counter islamism ?
spearheaded the efforts against islamism ?
called for an agency to be created to be solely focused at undermining the islamism ideology ?
does robert gates hold ?
was the u.s. information agency charged with doing during the cold war ?
the word imperialism has it 's origins ?
means is imperialism usually administered ?
the term imperialism has been applied to western countries , and ?
can be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area ?
is more costly , formal , or informal imperialism ?
the amount of land a country controls is its greatest ?
suggested that imperialism was the '' highest '' form of capitalism ?
does colonialism lack that imperialism has ?
are often left out of the colonialism debat ?
would one create an empire by means of imperialism ?
is colonialism 's core meaning ?
do conquering people pass down to native populations ?
is the most controversial aspect of imperialism ?
friedrich ratzel thought was needed for a state to survive ?
j. a. hobson wanted races to develop the world ?
justifies imperialism in part ?
in latin america is the most revered skin color ?
was friedrich ratzel born ?
was halford mackinder born ?
halford mackinder and friedrich ratzel of geographers ?
would the geographical societies in europe support certain travelers ?
suggested people in the tropics were uncivilized ?
according to ellen churchill semple type of climate was necessary for humans to become fully human ?
said portrayed the east as being the '' others ? ''
according to certain geographical theories does a tropical climate produce ?
justified british imperialism ?
did great britain colonize australia ?
were the native inhabitants of australia called ?
orientalism refers to the west developed a what of the east ?
was used by the west to justify control over eastern territories ?
bassett focuses on to illustrate his idea ?
provided an incentive to western empires to colonize africa ?
were blank spaces used for on nineteenth-century maps ?
colonized africa ?
era did the aztec and incan empires thrive ?
used imperialism during their rule of the mongol empire ?
muslim empires have used imperialism ?
is older the british empire or the ethiopian empire ?
the asante and lunda empires were in ?
imperialism impacts social norms of a state , what is it called ?
is cultural imperialism often referred to as ?
changed the views of romanians during the cold war ?
used cultural imperialism to sway local elites ?
do regimes fight against cultural imperialism ?
did the age of imperialism begin ?
were european countries doing during the 1700 's ?
have imperialistic practices existed ?
did the age of imperialism end ?
was the name of the imperialistic policy in china ?
was john gallagher born ?
did ronald robinson die ?
were ronald robinson and john gallagher ?
grew on a global scale as a result of imperialism ?
was made rich and prosperous prior to world war 1
european imperialism was focused ?
did the colonization of india occur ?
did european empires rely on to supply them with resources ?
did britain exploit in india ?
did europe achieve ?
did european chemists make that could be used in warfare ?
was invented in 1880 that revolutionized warfare ?
were the zulus using during the anglo-zulu war of 1879 ?
theories on imperialism use as a model ?
did the term imperialism first come to be used by its current definition ?
was the idealized value of imperialism ?
according to lenin must capitalistic countries have an imperialistic policy ?
was the military-political complex reflected upon within the scope of understanding imperialism ?
were joseph schumpeter and norman angell at their most prolific writing period ?
hobson argued that imperialism was an international ?
did hobson argue to rid the world of imperialism ?
served as a justification for imposing imperialistic policies on certain peoples or regions ?
was thought to decide a person 's behavior ?
europe first colonized the americas , then asia , but was third ?
were the two forms of environmental determinism ?
thought the world could be split into climatic zones ?
have temperate climates ?
did the europeans think the peoples in the tropics were in need of ?
was a similar view about the asian continent called ?
did the geographic scholars work for ?
is the earliest britain had an imperialist policy ?
was the british east india company established ?
chartered the british east india company ?
happened to the east india trading company in 1767 ?
had trading posts in india before britain ?
did france take control of algeria ?
did france begin in earnest to rebuild its global empire ?
did the french spread along with their imperialism ?
did france focus its efforts to rebuild its empire ?
did french republicans back building the french empire ?
did france offer that was rare by imperial standards ?
did france differ from britain in managing its colonies ?
the french thought bringing would uplift other regions ?
did the french send a large number of settlers ?
did charles de gaulle and the free french run operations during world war 2 ?
did france lose a war in the 1950 's ?
did france win a war in the 1950 's
did most of france 's colonies gain independence ?
were the germanic tribes originally located ?
was the only region in europe not conquered by the germanic tribes ?
did the germanic tribes claim territory in north and west europe ?
did the germanic tribes conquer the celtic peoples ?
germany does n't have an imperialistic past until ?
was otto von bismarck born ?
was the second german empire founded ?
caused the dissolution of the holy roman empire ?
was germany 's central interest ?
besides africa , did germany have imperial interests ?
colonies were a sign amongst european countries ?
was the name of the first german settlement ?
influenced bismark besides his neighbors ?
happened as a result of the russo-japanese war ?
was the first sino-japanese war ?
did japan force into an alliance ?
did japan conquer in 1931 ?
along with russia supported post ww-ii communist movements ?
asserted russia 's right to '' self-determination ? ''
did russia apply its old tsarist regimes ?
had established the russian empire to its former glory prior to 1921 ?
trotsky thought was needed for a true russian revolution .
wrote that imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism ?
argued that the ussr had itself become an imperialist power ?
was the leader of russia in the 1960 's ?
did stalin implement shortly after lenin 's death ?
was the first british empire based on ?
did great britain lose its colonies in north america ?
gave britain dominance in world trade ?
did the spanish and portuguese colonies gain their independance .
was the defeat of napoleonic france ?
had the largest empire ever to exist in the world ?
were social darwinism and theories of race ?
were major gains made by the british empire in the late 19th century ?
did the united states plan to subdue imperialistic tendencies ?
was the name of theodore roosevelt ' s policy of imperialism ?
caused the us public to condemn the occupation of the philippines ?
did the united states try to annex in 1898 ?
did smedley butler call us foreign policy ?
was the director of the american geographical society in 1914 ?
was isiah bowman appointed to president wilson 's inquiry ?
himself had the idea for the inquiry ?
was the premise of woodrow wilson 's inquiry ?
was isiah bowman nick name , as known by the public .
africans were brought into the united states during the slave trade ?
does edward said say is being attacked by us imperialism ?
did the ottoman empire fall ?
reigned over the ottoman empire when it was at its most powerful .
did the ottoman empire contain in the 17th century ?
was the ottoman empire at its height ?
was the capital of the ottoman empire ?
did the ottoman empire ally with in ww i ?
ended turkish imperial ambitions ?
is a remnant of the ottoman empire ?
does umc stand for ?
is the united methodist church ?
was the umc founded ?
founded the umc ?
is the church 's theological orientation ?
is the largest denomination within the wider methodist movement ?
adherents does the united methodist church have across the world ?
in the united states the umc ranks as the largest ?
with umc ?
did the movement that would become the united methodist church begin ?
did the movement that would become the united methodist church begin ?
was the student group called '' the methodists ? ''
did john and charles wesley come to america to teach the gospel ?
in 1735 , did john and charles wesley teach the gospel in america ?
in 1735 , did john and charles wesley teach the gospel to in america ?
did '' the holy club 's '' teachings emphasize ?
caused the separation of the methodists in the american colonies ?
did wesley appoint thomas coke as bishop ?
did wesley appoint as bishop in 1784 ?
was the baltimore christmas conference of 1784 held ?
is considered the mother church of american methodism ?
is located at the corner of 4th and new streets in philadelphia ?
is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states ?
was the congregation at st. george 's founded ?
did the congregation at st. george 's initially meet in 1767 ?
was the methodist episcopal church founded ?
became the first african americans ordained by the methodist church ?
richard allen and absalom jones were licensed by st. george 's church ?
did the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church ?
did the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church ?
did the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences ?
did the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences ?
was the united methodist church created ?
did two leaders join hands and '' give birth '' to a new denomination ?
was one man who joined hands and said '' lord of the church , we are united in thee ... ? ''
the umc understands itself to be part ?
recognizes the importance of the chalcedonian creed ?
is the concept of the visible and invisible church ?
was wesley compelled to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters ?
assisted wesley with ordaining whatcoat and vasey as presbyters ?
were the two lay preachers that wesley ordained as presbyters ?
were two of the founders of the united methodist church ?
led the team which systematized denominational doctrine ?
is largely considered the first united methodist theologian ?
is the grace that '' goes before us ? ''
is that power that enables us to love ?
is prevenient grace ?
prevenient grace allowas those tainted by to make a choice to accept or reject god 's salvation in christ ?
is the grace that we receive by faith and trust in god ?
is justifying grace also known as today ?
is another name for being born again ?
did john wesley originally call the experience of conversion ?
is sanctifying grace ?
is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey towards christian perfection ?
is christian perfection ?
is a genuine love of god with heart , soul and mind ?
has been characterized as arminian theology with an emphasis on the work of the holy spirit ?
is seeing the holy bible as the primary authority in the church ?
today , is generally considered one of the more moderate and tolerant denominations ?
states that united methodist theology is at once '' catholic , evangelical and reformed ? ''
did the general conference go on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ?
are two official bodies of the umc governing coalition ?
is the taskforce that was organized to identify with the pro-life position ?
was there an attempt to withdraw the umc membership ?
is the president of tumas ?
historically , movement has the methodist church supported ?
did the umc 's general board of church and society call on all united methodists to abstain from alcohol for lent ?
was the name of wesley 's famous sermon in which he warned against the dangers of drinking ?
does the united methodist church use in the sacrament of the holy communion ?
calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment ?
was the trial of rev .
was same-sex marriage legalized nationwide ?
is the governing committee that voted in favor of a proposal that would permit ministers to officiate same-sex weddings ?
was rose mary denman defrocked for openly living with a same-sex partner ?
was irene elizabeth stroud convicted in a church trial ?
has approved the appointment of an openly partnered lesbian to the provisional diaconate ?
does the umc oppose as incompatible with the teaching of scripture ?
the church supports those persons conscientiously oppose what ?
the umc maintains that war is incompatible ?
does the umc endorse under strict and effective international control ?
force states that pornography is harmful ?
the umc teaches that pornography is about ?
according to the umc , persons are addicted to pornography have altered perceptions of whom ?
the umc supports federal funding for research on embryos created ?
the umc supports research on cells retrieved from umbilical cords ?
is the revised version of the book of common prayer called ?
did john wesley provide a revised version of the book of common prayer ?
does some clergy in the umc occasionally practice exorcism ?
many liturgies are derived ?
healing services involve the laying on of hands and else ?
may be named after a biblical figure ?
is the founder of the salvation army ?
is methodism 's revered founder ?
is organized into conferences ?
is the only organization which may speak officially for the church ?
is revised after every general conference ?
is the highest level of the umc ?
does the general conference meet ?
the united states is divided ?
are outside of the united states ?
is the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences ?
are the chief administrators of the church ?
consist of one ore more annual conferences ?
makes decisions in between the four-year meetings ?
the mission council usually consists ?
in march 2007 , the mission council of the south central jurisdiction approved a 99-year lease ?
was the 36 acres leased ?
is the george w. bush presidential library ?
make up the judicial council ?
is the highest court in the united methodist denomination ?
is the term of a judicial council member ?
does the council meet ?
does the council meet ?
is the basic unit of organization within the umc ?
is the guidebook for local churches and pastors ?
is the least number of members a board of trustees can have ?
is the greatest number of members a board of trustees can have ?
is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members ?
the umc established and is affiliated and universities in the u.s. ?
does the church operate overseas ?
ordained the first methodist clergy ?
is a member of what ?
is composed of the area provost/dean ad the several district superintendents of the districts in the annual conference ?
no appointment is official fixed until occurs ?
is called by god , affirmed by the church and ordained by a bishop ?
do elders serve as provisional elders prior to their ordination ?
may assign elders ?
deacons serve a term ?
gives leadership , preaches the word and conducts marriages , among other duties ?
assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism ?
are deacons granted if they are appointed as pastor in a local church ?
was the ordination order of transitional deacon abolished ?
is the title for a seminary graduate who serves a two-three-year term in full-time appointment after being commissioned ?
is a local pastor 's official title ?
has the authority of a pastor only within the context and during the time of the appointment ?
must a local pastor attend a course of study at united methodist approved seminary ?
will allow local pastors to retire as clergy ?
are members who have been baptized as an infant or child but who have not subsequently professed their own faith ?
to baptized members become professing members ?
name one way a person can become a professing member ?
unlike confirmation and profession of faith , is a sacrament in the umc ?
do students learn about the church ?
to offer membership preparation to all people ?
do students learn about in confirmation and membership preparation classes ?
can someone be recognized as local church lay servant ?
must local lay servant reapply ?
must a local lay servant take ?
is one tradition within the christian church ?
did the umc vote to seek in the national association of evangelicals ?
was the commission on pan methodist cooperation and union formed ?
did the umc enter into full communion with several churches ?
since has the umc been exploring a possible merger with three historically african-american denominations ?
at the time of its formation , did the umc have ?
at the time of its formation , did the umc have ?
in 2005 , were in the umc ?
in 2005 , congregations were in the umc ?
has the largest number of members ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , was the total umc membership ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , was the total umc membership in the u.s. ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , was the total umc membership overseas ?
seeks to reconceive and promote biblical holiness in today 's church ?
is an interdenominational group composed of various churches to promote the gospel throughout the world ?
did delegates to the world methodist council vote to adopt the joint declaration on the doctrine of justification ? ''
was the french and indian war ?
fought in the french and indian war ?
were in french north american colonies ?
were in british north american colonies ?
was war fought ?
did violence start in war ?
did colonial governors meet with general edward braddock about attack on the french ?
was initial effort by braddock ?
did british operation fail in 1755 , 56 , 57 ?
in 1755 fort did british capture ?
did british make of french ?
increased british military resources in colonies ?
were french placing in north america ?
was france concentraing efforts ?
were british defeated in canada ?
was ceded to britain ?
was ceded to spain ?
was king george 's war ?
is the confusion of the french and indian war ?
was the seven years war ?
are other alternative names for french and indian war ?
framd does the seven years war cover ?
did the fighting last in seven years war ?
was montreal captured ?
was first battle in 1754 ?
was french population in north america ?
were french north americans settled ?
did french fur trappers travel ?
was the ratio of british settler to french ?
did british settlers live ?
in between french and british , groups controlled land ?
were in father le loutre 's war ?
did iroquois confederation control ?
did some native live under ?
are the siouan-speaking tribes ?
areas did french recruit natives from ?
supported british ?
was frensh military presence at start of war ?
british military was in north america at start of war ?
was normal british defense ?
was extent of celeron 's expedition ?
was on celeron 's expedition ?
did natives in logstown take celeron 's information ?
did old briton call home ?
did celeron handle meeting with old briton ?
was old briton 's response to celeron ?
did celeron feel about native relations ?
did william shirley feel about french advancement ?
did british government give land for development of ohio country ?
was given land by british goovernment for development of ohio country ?
explored ohio territory in 1750 ?
according to agreement between iroquois and british , was a strong house to be built ?
was the north american portion of war of austrian succession ?
was the end of the war of the austrian succession ?
issues were not addressed in the treaty of aix-la-chapelle ?
a commission reached no decision , what happened ?
died in 1752 ?
was result of french attack of trading centre ?
took command of french in spring of 1753 ?
did marin build first fort ?
was marin 's second fort constructed ?
was marin 's orders ?
travelled to french fort and threatened marin ?
was william johnson 's role in british military ?
was william johnson 's iroquois name ?
did iroquois give johnson ?
was the speaker of the tribal council ?
did dinwiddie order to address french in virginia territory ?
was added to party as washington went on the way ?
did washington reach fort le boeuf ?
invited washington to dine with him ?
did washington present to saint-pierre ?
did saint-pierre respond to washington ?
did french feel they had right to ohio claim ?
men did duquesne send to relieve saint-pierre ?
did british begin to build fort under william trent ?
was the fort that was being built to be named ?
upon learning of a french scounting party in the area , did washington do ?
was tanaghrisson supporting british efforts ?
was the goal of braddock 's expedition ?
did french learn about braddock 's plans ?
did king louis xv respond to british plans ?
were british plans against french ?
was convening in june/july 1754 ?
was the goal of congress ?
was the importance of the congress ?
went to fort dusquesne in june 1755 ?
did this expedition with braddock find ?
did british get ?
participated in this attack ?
were the french able to gain knowledge of ?
was shirly having ?
was shirey going to be when fort oswego was to be attacked ?
did shirley leave at oswego ?
was new france 's governor ?
did vaudreuil react when johnson was seen as larger threat ?
won the battle of lake george ?
did johnson stop ?
was french withdrawal to ?
captured fort beausejour ?
were british able to cut supplies to louisbourg ?
were involved in taking louisbourg ?
after braddock died , controlled north american british forces ?
did shirley lay out plans for 1756 ?
did shirley plan ?
was shirley planning an expedition ?
was appointed as second in command to lor loudoun in 1756 ?
led new france reinforcements in 1756 ?
did england formally declare war on france ?
was there a weakness in british supply chain ?
was destroyed in attack ?
did this attach on oneida carry set back ?
refused to act until loudoun approved plans ?
did montcalm move his heaquarter to show strategic advancement ?
did moncalm slip away to attack , left largely unprotected ?
did montcalm and indians have ?
was loudoun 's plans for 1757 ?
was the purpose of loudoun 's troops at fort henry ?
ordered loudoun to attack louisbourg ?
given the strength of french forces at louisbourg , did loudoun do ?
attacked fort william henry in early 1757 ?
did troops attack fort willima henry in winter ?
during withdrawal from fort william henry , did some indian allies of french do ?
caused poor supply of new france from a difficult winter ?
was montcalm focusing the defense for new france ?
led to newcastle 's fall from power as military advisor ?
were successful ?
frenchman won battle of carillon ?
were defeated for british in battle of carillon ?
did abercrombie gain out of the defeat at carillon ?
did this loss have on abercrombie ?
in 1758 was duc de choiseul 's plan for focused military efforts ?
was the french revised efforts ?
did france lose in 1759 ?
defeated montcalm at quebec ?
was the significance of victory at forth niagara for british ?
did british lose in 1760 ?
in sept 1760 negotiated a capitulation from montreal ?
negotiated at montreal ?
did the north american french and indian war end ?
was the european portion of the seven years war complete ?
did french have for surrendering land ?
did france choose to give up continental lands ?
were gained by british ?
was the deportation of acadians ?
did british resettle many acadians ?
although some acadians went to france and other destiantions , did many move to ?
issued the royal proclamation of 1763 ?
was the objective of royal proclamation of 1763 ?
were reserved for natives ?
made ohio country vulnerable ?
was spanish takeover of louisiana territory complete ?
were displaced by british takeover in florida ?
did the loss mean to france ?
did philosophers in antiquity use to study simple machines ?
was the belief that maintaining motion required force ?
did it take to improve on sir isaac newton 's laws of motion ?
develped the theory of relativity ?
has partical physics made to describe sub-atomic forces ?
are the exchanged particles predicted by the standard model ?
is the strongest main interaction ?
is the weakest main interaction ?
are weak and electromatic forces expressions of ?
provided a philosophical discussion of force ?
was the concept of force an integral part of ?
did aristotle believe the terrestrial sphere to be made up of ?
did aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements ?
did aristotle refer to forced motion as ?
were the shortcomings of aristotle 's physics overcome ?
corrected aristotle 's physics in the seventeenth century ?
did objects in forced motion contain according to the late medieval idea that influence aristotle ?
experimented by rolling stones and canonballs down a steep incline ?
acted on bodies to retard their velocity ?
says that unless acted upon be forces , objects would continue to move at a constant velocity ?
was associated with constant velocity ?
proposed that innate intertial is the natural state of objects ?
connects relative velocities with inertia ?
are the laws of physics of galileo , in reference to objest in motion and rest ?
does n't change from being at rest to movement at a constant velocity ?
does a ball thrown up and down in a moving vehicle take when seen by an outside observer ?
are things inside of a moving vehicle as seen by a person inside the vehicle ?
explains why objects continue in constant motion ?
makes day length constant on earth ?
explained that inertial reference frames equaled reference frames subject to constant acceleration ?
do astronaughts experience while in free-fall ?
was the basis mentioned for the develpment of the general theory of relativity ?
describes the proportionality of acceleration to force and mass ?
define accelerlations ?
has an equivalence between mass and space-time ?
is missing a theory on quantum gravity ?
in newton 's second law , are the units of mass and force in relation to microscales ?
forces are from the presence of differnet objects , what law gives symmetry ?
staes that forces are interactions between bodies ?
does not exist under newton 's third law ?
experiences acceleration when external force is applied to a system ?
are there no unbalanced iinternal forces ?
is the magnitude of force divided by when external force is added ?
does pushing and pulling perceptions provide for describing forces ?
is used to quantify the intuitive undestanding of forces ?
offers a conceptual definition of force ?
are laboratory measurements of forces determined ?
are forces classified with regard to push and pull strengt ?
do not have direction ?
do you avoid problems when determining forces involved on an object from two or more sources ?
if you do not know both magnitude and direction of two forces on an object , would you call that situation ?
conditions were forces first measured historically ?
do forces have with regard to additive quantities ?
is the resultant force called when two forces act on a particle ?
forces are acting on an extended body , what do you need to account for motion effects ?
is used in equations to determine net force ?
whwn forces are at right ngles to each other can they be broken down to ?
if a force is pointing horizontally to the northeast , can you split the force into ?
do you get when you figure the sum of forces with vector addition ?
are the independant components of a vector sum that has been determined by scalar addition of individual vectors ?
can orthogonal forces be when there are three components with two at right angles to each other ?
can keep an object from moving when it is being pushed on a surface ?
is generated between a surface and an object that is being pushed ?
static friction balances when there is no movement of an object on a surface ?
makes static friction go up or down in responce to contact characteristics between an object and the surface it is on ?
can scales and spring balances measure between two forces by using static equilibrium ?
acts on an object suspended on a spring scale in addition to gravity ?
equals the spring reaction force on an object suspended on a spring reaction scale ?
objects of constant density are proportional to volume by force to define standard weights ?
expounded the three laws of motion ?
first described dynamic equilibrium ?
does motion at a constant velocity equal ?
had the idea of a natural state for objects at rest ?
will a canonball dropped from the crow 's nest of a ship land according to aristotle ?
does a canonball dropped from the crow 's nest of a ship actually land ?
occurs when traveling across a surface at a constant velocity with regard to friction ?
has to accounted for that causes no net force being the cause of constant velocity motion ?
thought that applied force caused movement of an object regardless of non-zero velocity ?
currently decribes the physics of force .
desribed the physics of force before the current schrodinger equation ?
are the forces derived from fields treated similarly to ?
result under schrodinger equations when using operators instead of newtonian variables ?
keeps it 's meaning through both netonian and schrodinger physics equations ?
is the intrisic angular variable called when particles act upon one another ?
is the principle about relating spin and space variables ?
does the seperating into fermions and bosons depend ?
if the apparant force of two fermions is attractive , is the spin function ?
if the apparant force of two fermions is repulsive , is the spin function ?
are the particle forces and accelerations explained as by gauge bosons exchange ?
is the redundant concept coming from momentum conservation ?
is more fundamental than force in quanton field theory ?
diagrams are used to simplify particle interactions on a fundamental level ?
are all of the universal forces based on ?
only act at short distances ?
acts between electric charges ?
do gravitational forces act between ?
prohibits atoms from passing through each other ?
formed the universal theory of gravitation ?
was quantum mechanics made ?
are physicists trying to make that would create a theory of everything ?
did einstein fail to make ?
identified gravity as a force ?
came up with the concept that falling objects fell at the same speed regardless of weight ?
do objects fall on earth ?
was the measurment for the standard gravity on earth taken ?
is an object 's mass proportional to at the surface of the earth ?
might gravity effects be observed differently according to newton ?
could be attributed to gravity acceleration around the earth ?
is gravitational acceleration proportional to ?
is included along with gravitational acceration , and mass of the earth in a formula about rotation about the earth ?
made the first to measure value of the newton universal gravitation constant ?
was the first measurement of the value of the newton universal gravitation constant ?
figured out that his law of gravity had to be universal ?
seemed to buck newton 's gravitational laws ?
did astrophysisist predict to explain the problems with mercury ?
accounted for the mercury problem ?
came up with the theory of relativity ?
first showed that newton 's theory of gravity was not as correct as another theory ?
explains gravity ?
is seen as a curved line in space ?
is the derivative of an object 's changing momentum called ?
must you be observing the curvature of space-time ?
is the time rate of change of electric charge ?
acts on a charge ?
is the law named that defines a charge moving through a magnetic field ?
first fully explained the origins of magnetic and electric fields ?
did the origins of magnetic and electric fields occur ?
scalar equations were formed into a set by james maxwell ?
did heaviside and gibbs reformilate maxwell 's 20 scalar equtions into ?
discovered that magnetic and electric could self-generate ?
was dificult to reconcile the photoelectric effect and the missing ultraviolet catastrophe ?
was used to create a new electromagnetic theory to reconcile the troubles with electromagnetic theory as it used to stand ?
did electromagnetic theory finally lead to ?
are the wave-particles called that mediate all electromagnetic phenomena ?
is qed short for ?
is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity ?
actually causes rigidity in matter ?
is needed to pack electrons densely together ?
is the pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world ?
is often misunderstood as the cause of matter rigidity ?
actually causes rigidity in matter ?
is needed to pack electrons densely together ?
is the pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world ?
does stong force act upon ?
can be seen between hadrons ?
is the force between nucleons ?
are nuclear forces transmitted ?
does the w and z boson exchange create ?
is the observable effect of w and z boson exchange ?
is the effect of beta decay ?
less is the strenght of the weak field compared to the strong ?
temperature do weak and electromagnetic forces appear the same ?
is the repulsive force of close range atom interaction ?
occurs when electron clouds overlap from different atoms ?
causes pauli repulsion ?
is the force that causes rigid strength in structures ?
can be used to model tension forces ?
do you use to let idea strings switch direction ?
do idea strings transmit tesion forces ?
is the final effect of adding more and more idea strings to a load ?
can increase the tension force on a load ?
did newton 's mechanics affect ?
did n't newton 's mechanics affext ?
are pressure differences caused by direction of forces over gradients ?
may a force on one part of an object affect ?
does matter actually have that newtonian mechanics does n't address ?
causes strain in structures ?
is used to calculate cross section area in the volume of an object ?
are associated with normal forces ?
includes pressure terms when calculating area in volume ?
is the force equivalent of torque compared to angular momentum ?
would change the rotational inertia of a body under newton 's first law of motion ?
to calculate instant angular acceleration of a rigid body would you use ?
does centripetal force go ?
do centripetal forces act in relation to vectors of velocity ?
changes an objects direction of travel ?
is another word for centripetal force ?
is resposible for speeding up or slowing down an object ?
is the only form potential energy can change into ?
is the only form kinetic energy can change into ?
is preserved in a closed system of forces when acted upon ?
is the force between two locations related to ?
is the force called rgarding a potential field between two locations ?
is sometimes impossible to model ?
are some forces due to that are impossible to model ?
do electrostatic gradiient potentials create ?
are nonconservative and conservative forces described ?
closed system energies ?
is the exchange of heat associated with ?
is the law of thermodynamics associated with closed system heat exchange ?
makes energy changes in a closed system ?
is the metric term less used than the newton ?
is the kilogram-force sometimes reffered to as ?
is a very seldom used unit of mass in the metric system ?
seldom used term of a unit of force equal to 1000 pound s of force ?
is the seldom used force unit equal to one thousand newtons ?
