what is the first line of defense against pathogens that prevents them from entering an organism ?
what organization 's teaching did luther reject ?
newcastle served as a northern fortress for which country during the middle ages ?
what denomination is the diocesan school for girls in auckland affiliated with ?
what do unstable 6-carbon molecules become ?
when did pachauri resign as chair of the ipcc ?
what was the goal of congress ?
who announced she would step down as leader of the conservatives ?
what are the secretions commonly called ?
when did the chinese famine begin ?
the area where jacksonville currently sits has been inhabited for how many years ?
what is the exchange of heat associated with ?
what is the example of another problem characterized by large instances that is routinely solved by sat handlers employing efficient algorithms ?
when did warsaw start to rebuild ?
what is a quarter of warsaw filled with ?
what did luther fear to cause him to avoid marriage ?
what were some of tesla 's experiments ?
what type of numeral did the latest super bowl use to designate the game number ?
who had the most rushing yards on the broncos ?
what flows between bingen and bonn ?
when did prime minister wilson commit to some form of devolved legislature ?
what was required of huguenot children after the edict was revoked ?
what is the rhine called in dutch ?
how many tree species are in the rainforest ?
what happened to the apollo program in for the rest of 1970 after the incident regarding apollo 13 ?
where is the victoria and albert museum located ?
what is the island off of the german shore of the rhine that this warm and cold water meet ?
what caused the us public to condemn the occupation of the philippines ?
what did did article 34 discriminate against in procureur du roi v dassonville ?
who do most jurisdictions say can give scheduled drugs to the public ?
some chinese considered the yuan a legitimate dynasty , but what did other chinese think it was ?
how many times did southern california attempt to achieve a separate statehood ?
eicosanoids include what compounds that result in fever and blood vessel dilation ?
what percentage of farmland grows wheat ?
where did france focus its efforts to rebuild its empire ?
what theology states that faith alone is n't enough to justify man ?
what is one way in which graphs can be encoded ?
what is composed of the area provost/dean ad the several district superintendents of the districts in the annual conference ?
what local radio station is broadcast by the corporation from the pink palace ?
who is the publisher of the doctor who adventures magazine ?
which outbreak was associated with troops in the thirty years war ?
what was incorporated to help slow the cm 's decent back to earth ?
what was the name of wesley 's famous sermon in which he warned against the dangers of drinking ?
the flushing action of what expels pathogens from the eyes ?
what device is a dry cooling tower similar to ?
in what type of work was luther prolific ?
when did wesley appoint thomas coke as bishop ?
who is suited to interpret the treaties ?
which late night comedy host show played immediately after super bowl 50 ended ?
under what treaty can the european commission take action against member states ?
which continents are represented in the v & a 's textiles collection ?
who did john elway play for in super bowl xxxiii ?
what does the substitution of equipment for labor raise for workers ?
who founded woodward park ?
which genus is considered the " aunt " of ctenophores ?
who warned of the potential impact ?
when a plant is injured , what can become proplastids ?
what is used by certain wealthy groups to obtain policies financially beneficial for them ?
how many people does the greater los angeles area have ?
what do ctenophores have that no other animals have ?
what is the balance for positive reinforcement ?
what year did the first manned apollo flight occur ?
who compiled the original surviving apollo 11 landing data ?
very small markets had to wait until what decade to support an abc affiliate ?
where were tetzel 's teachings in line with church dogma ?
where does the nederrijn change it 's name ?
policies which reduce the inequality associated effects of unemployment support what type of growth ?
what did the number of legions in roman times depend on ?
who had no real military power during the yuan ?
where do many merchants and explorers go ?
what yuan policies did muslims dislike ?
where did luther go on 17 july 1505 ?
which of luther 's hymn was the main one for advent ?
what are some other factors a pharmacist must monitor ?
what is a common punishment in singapore ?
when was this naturalization act passed ?
what contributed to the decreased inequality between trained and untrained workers ?
by whom did st paul say all authorities were appointed ?
what was the population jacksonville city as of 2010 ?
what does each packet includ in connectionless mode
when did singer dispute the graph at a senate hearing ?
what is the citation for the pierce v. society of sisters case ?
in dioxygen how are the two oxygen atoms bonded together ?
what was tesla 's salary from westinghouse in 1934 ?
what culture did the normans combine with in ireland ?
what will a pharmacist who passes the ambulatory pharmacist exam be called ?
what are stators attached to ?
what is providing support networks considered to be ?
what type of treatment are pharmacists important for ?
when is the funfair held in newcastle ?
in what episode is it brought up that the first doctor might not actually be the first doctor ?
what have some plants repurposed the peptidoglycan layer genes for ?
approximately how many images were digitized during the first year of the digitization project ?
what is the basic unit of territorial division in poland ?
what do donated genes give evidence of ?
what is the mayor of warsaw called ?
what law justified british imperialism ?
what did john wesley originally call the experience of conversion ?
the average contractor hired how many employees ?
along with wear , what development makes it difficult to seal the rotors in an engine that lacks pistons ?
what types of european groups were able to avoid the plague ?
what characteristic best describes the agricultural regions that could be found ?
who ruled the duchy of normandy
what do green chloroplasts have instead of phycobilisomes ?
how many medieval warm period reconstructions were used ?
how many geomorphologic formations is warsaw on ?
what must a public school teacher have , at a minimum ?
what did the peasants believe luther would do for them ?
what is the most common length of doctor who episodes ?
who tackled the carolina panthers ' quarterback just before the end of the first half ?
who gave a negative connotation to civil disobedience in recent history ?
where is the oldest pharmacy stated to be located ?
who won super bowl xlix ?
what did tesla do in tomingaj ?
in what year did doctor who begin being shown in hdtv ?
what can hurt a teacher 's mental and physical health ?
what does the lobata have pair of ?
how do regimes fight against cultural imperialism ?
in what decades was dudley simpson most active in contributing to doctor who ?
for what occasion was he put on the cover ?
how many receptions did cotchery get for the 2015 season ?
what was considered responsible for the black death as well as the epidemic in southern china ?
what year was the decision made to cancel apollo missions 18 and 19 ?
how did the unequal treatment of chinese versus mongols in the yuan make the dynasty seem ?
why was the 36 acres leased ?
what act sets the term for judging the boundaries of sanity to which individuals wishing to sit on the sp must adhere ?
which british monarch appears above the frame around the arches and entrance ?
how many of the fifteen points of discussion were agreed on ?
how did france differ from britain in managing its colonies ?
where did the broncos practice for the super bowl ?
how many major chloroplast replication models have been suggested ?
which super bowl was hosted in san diego in 2003 ?
what was the name of the storm that hit jacksonville in may of 2012 ?
what is the largest suspension bridge in germany ?
by which year did the american cars mpg start to improve ?
where are the upper rhine and upper danube crossed ?
what is the only episode released on vcd ?
since january 2012 , all abc programming has been presented in what format ?
how many people were in british north american colonies ?
who did the army siege belong to ?
what country is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region ?
what does the steam generated by a nuclear power plant drive ?
what other role do many pharmacists play ?
how many days did the river tyne have the bambuco bridge ?
what gearing was used on steam turbine marine engines in the 20th century ?
who is kearney boulevard named after ?
what year was the only film version of doctor who shown ?
what is the largest general further education college in the north east ?
what does isobaric mean ?
what is the name of the university 's summer festival ?
along with electric motors , what type of engines superseded piston steam engines ?
what is an example of an np-intermediate problem not known to exist in p or np-complete ?
why was there a depreciation of the industrialized nations dollars ?
what position does tucker play for with the ravens ?
what landmark was tesla asked about in regards to electricity in 1893 ?
what was the nickname given to the team samuel phillips was appointed to ?
what is the lone mls team that belongs to southern california ?
what is one avenue being compensated for by having committees serve such a large role ?
what does warsaw 's mixture of architectural styles reflect ?
what year did roger de tosny fail to accomplish what he set out to do ?
what do concentric unstacked thylakoids surround ?
which airport is home to the busiest single runway in the world ?
what was the usual type of school discipline ?
who discovered this and where did they come from ?
how many possible bids for the prize were there in 1915 ?
what types of waves do seismologists use to image the interior of the earth ?
why did natural sedimentation by the rhine compensate the transgression bby the sea ?
other than the desert city why do many locals and tourists frequent southern california ?
where were interviews held while the parliament was in its temporary building ?
what northern province in france has a large protestant population ?
who does the statue of little insurgent commemorate ?
where did the huguenots land in new york originally ?
how often are elections for the counsel held ?
what country 's schools have codes of behavior that are very strict ?
who funded the new jewelry gallery that opened in 2008 ?
what complexity class is commonly characterized by unknown algorithms to enhance solvability ?
how many factors of health and social problems did wilkinson and pickett identify ?
when was the scale to measure the rhine introduced ?
how great were the losses suffered in the the financial crisis of 2008-09 to harvard endowment ?
who did the dutch fight in the dutch revolt ?
what 's the name of newcastle 's speedway team ?
what weapon does spike milligan use against a dalek ?
what was the passer rating for peyton manning that he finished out with for the season ?
what did tesla 's father originally want him to do ?
what did luther consider faith to be ?
what type of musical instruments did the yuan bring to china ?
what do young ctenophores generaly look like ?
when did germany invade poland and in doing so start world war ii ?
what is chemical energy used to produce in plants ?
what radio network carried the super bowl ?
in 2005 , what did doctor who think the condition of his home planet was ?
what was the name of the king of the scots ?
what library contains the selmur productions catalogue ?
what does high levels of inequality do for economic growth in richer countries ?
in what decade did abc finish transitioning to color ?
what field involves the study of the immune system ?
what is the duration of harvard academic year ?
before the formation of which planet , did sol lose oxygen 16 ?
when was the great plague of london ?
the administrators and directors gilruth , von braun and debus reported to who ?
what type of degree must a teacher have , at a minimum ?
what happens to the working fluid in a closed loop system ?
in what year was the university 's 5th president granted his position ?
the costiff collection comprised costumes designed by which british fashion icon ?
how many frenchman won battle of carillon ?
where was the measurment for the standard gravity on earth taken ?
in which season did the abc logo first appear as an on-screen bug ?
what does the word prime generally suggest ?
who founded mckinsey & company ?
what bbc radio station will carry the game in the united kingdom ?
who redesigned the central garden ?
when imperialism impacts social norms of a state , what is it called ?
what were the saxon palace and brühl palace in prewar warsaw ?
what is qed short for ?
in what two serials was the number of regenerations set ?
which former referee served as an analyst for cbs ?
what art forms did luther use to connect his hymns ?
who first fully explained the origins of magnetic and electric fields ?
what was the tribe of the woman temüjin married when he was around 16 years old ?
who ruled cyprus in 1191 ?
according to the wealth concentration theory , what advantage do the wealthy have in accumulating new wealth ?
civil disobedience is mainly performed by what population group ?
what followed the late local programming after super bowl 50 ?
when was temüjin elected khan of the mongols ?
what academy did tugh temur found ?
who is responsible for operating the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks ?
what is the proto-germanic adaptation of the name of the rhine ?
what did decnet phase 2 become
how many galleries does the v & a have ?
what are the three sectors of construction ?
what queen opened the first covered railway station in the world ?
what is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician in austria to give out medicine ?
what is included along with gravitational acceration , and mass of the earth in a formula about rotation about the earth ?
who went to fort dusquesne in june 1755 ?
which linebacker led the broncos in tackles ?
what did colonial authorities reduce because of the ballarat revolt ?
who was the head of the company ?
what happens if angiosperm shoots do n't get enough light ?
in which middle eastern country is genghis khan 's title a popular name for male children ?
what can be seen between hadrons ?
who played the first incarnation of the doctor in the special ?
what is an important catalyst of economic growth ?
in which county does jacksonville reside ?
at which super bowl did beyonce headline the halftime show ?
what did dalton think the atomic ratios were between atoms in compounds ?
when did levi 's stadium open to the public ?
who mentored buyantu ?
what protects the statocyst ?
where was the new media day event for super bowl 50 held ?
besides britain and north america , where else did huguenot refugees settle ?
what did this affair cause to luther 's reputation ?
what is the native format for the walt disney company 's us tv properties ?
who did emma marry ?
what drama from aaron spelling debuted on abc in the 80s ?
any subcontractor has a direct contractual relationship with who ?
who was a man studying medicinal applicants of plants in ancient greece ?
what region of the rhine was changed by the rhine straightening program ?
what president of the university transformed it into a modern research university ?
who explored ohio territory in 1750 ?
what does turning sideways protect chloroplasts from ?
who was the number two draft pick for 2011 ?
what author argues pitching the conscience versus the collective ?
who kicked ethelred out ?
how many buildings were razed by the jacksonville fire ?
what surrounds the church of st. andrew ?
what is the oncorhynchus also called ?
what was tesla 's financial situation after being forced out ?
what other compensation did tesla get from westinghouse ?
how are chloroplasts in land plants usually shaped ?
what year was the carolina panthers franchise founded ?
the principle of faunal succession was developed 100 years before whose theory of evolution ?
how could human inequality be addressed without resulting in an increase of environmental damage ?
how were enemy prisoners used tactically by mongol armies ?
who became king in 1643 ?
what helps the process of free movement of goods ?
what network was converted into an independent subsidiary by rca in 1942 ?
when did bskyb end their analogue service ?
what is the bassin de compensation de plobsheim in alsace ?
where is samuel marsden collegiate school located ?
which sea was oil discovered in ?
what motor did they end up using instead of the one tesla wanted ?
how did mongol armies lure enemy groups out of their defensive positions ?
when do chloroplasts arrange in vertical columns or turn sideways ?
how many seats does the amphitheatre at woodward park have ?
what did luther call the mass instead of sacrifice ?
what impacts gender inequality in wages ?
what sport has kenyan women been a dominate force ?
what basin was formed when the andes mountains rose ?
the european court of justice can not uphold measures that are incompatible with what ?
how many of the episodes produced in the first six seasons are not in bbc 's archives ?
when was the rhine measurement corrected back to the original ?
what entity enforces the charter of fundamental rights of the european union ?
how many points did the broncos defense allow their opponents to get ?
how many housing units were there in 2000 ?
what other moniker was genghis khan 's general jebe known by ?
what seldom mutates ?
what resource was mined in the newcastle area ?
who dates rocks , precisely , within the stratigraphic section ?
what health company was a super bowl sponsor ?
what year did thompsons indicate mt kenya ?
what is the paper written by richard karp in 1972 that ushered in a new era of understanding between intractability and np-complete problems ?
what celestial object eluded efforts to measure oxygen ?
what civilization did the pottery belong to ?
what is the name of the service that gets local businesses contract chances with the super bowl ?
what other northern european cities had huguenot congregations ?
what radio station did the doctor who theme reach the charts on in 2011 ?
which entities have had to develop principles dedicated to conflict resolution between laws of different systems ?
what is the parliamentary mace made of ?
approximately how many european oil paintings does the museum have ?
what was the resolution of the cameras used in the eyevision 360 system ?
where was the funeral held ?
what was houghton 's role ?
what is the common coastal pleurobrachia called ?
who did carolina beat in the divisional round ?
what kind of buildings are in the towns of close , sandhill and quayside ?
what college is jake rosenfield associated with ?
what is the most important problem in the united states and elsewhere ?
what insight of galileo was associated with constant velocity ?
where did the grand canal start ?
to what body are certain powers explicitly specified as being reserved for ?
what is the edge of the moraine plateau called ?
when less workers are required , what happens to the job market ?
in newton 's second law , what are the units of mass and force in relation to microscales ?
how many rows of combs are there ?
who lead the 1968 special programming for abc radio 's fm stations ?
what do later versions of the lord 's prayer hymn still use ?
who gave her royal assent to the scotland act of 1998 ?
besides public key cryptography , what is another application for prime numbers ?
which entities were originally concerned with preventing violation of human rights ?
how old was katharina when she married luther ?
a satellite that measured the amount of dust going to the amazon was named what ?
where did tetzel overstate his teachings ?
what is an expression that can be used to illustrate the suspected inequality of complexity classes ?
how many members can voters choose to represent the constituency ?
which country 's cars became more highly sought after as they were more fuel efficient ?
what was a non-religious reason for the massacre ?
when could v & a dundee ?
in what year did raymond sullivan publish a study of rudimentary sets ?
what is the name of the property that designates a number as being prime or not ?
why are some forces due to that are impossible to model ?
what entity owns v/line ?
what year did two of ghengis khan and börte 's sons die ?
how many areas were impacted by the the death of vegetation in the 2010 drought ?
when did robert crispin go up against the turks ?
what was marin 's orders ?
when were the wars of religion fought ?
when large groups of people all boycott a system or do n't pay taxes it can be considered ?
in considering turing machines and alternate variables , what measurement left unaffected by conversion between machine models ?
from where was von braun transferred to go to nasa ?
what was the occasion for the boat demonstration ?
who wrote the book " capital in the twenty-first century " ?
how many courses must undergraduates maintain for full time status ?
in addition to schools , where else is popularly based authority effective ?
what happened to the rate of deforestation in the amazon region of brazil between 2004 and 2014 ?
what does stong force act upon ?
how many points did the broncos score in the last three minutes of the game versus pittsburgh ?
who does history view as accountable for the error philip i made and luther 's advice in the matter ?
how much did westinghouse pay for tesla 's patents in order to escape its financial problems ?
which tv network broadcasted super bowl 50 in spanish ?
who were the two abbots at fécamp abbey ?
who did newton get a pass to in the panther starting plays of super bowl 50 ?
what religion 's schools does the term 'parochial schools ' generally refer to ?
what is used to estimate emissions ?
when did luther return to wittenberg ?
when the three types of rock are re-melted what is formed ?
who exclusively broadcast the game in spanish after reaching an agreement with the nfl and cbs ?
what was he hoping to stimulate with the toe squishing ?
what increases entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ?
about how many walloons and huguenots emigrated to england and ireland in this era ?
what are clades ?
how many species of ctenophores have been validated ?
the reasons for the las two counties to be added are based on what ?
what is the super bowl program called that gives local companies business opportunities for the super bowl ?
where did maududi 's books place islam ?
who was given the esteemed status of mvp for super bowl 50 ?
what was the proposed solution to jacksonville 's tax issues ?
where is the apache point observatory located ?
what type of education is sometimes present at religious schools in addition to the secular curriculum ?
what set the stage for merits role in nsfnet
who was the film charly produced by ?
what famous writer was tesla 's good friend ?
what is consumed in both combustion and respiration ?
what is generated between a surface and an object that is being pushed ?
from what type of materials must liquid oxygen be separated ?
what impact did this loss have on abercrombie ?
where was tesla 's property sent ?
how many lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have ?
which president ended the emergency energy conservation act ?
what was maxwell 's job ?
what type of entrepreneurship leads to advancements in technology ?
what is the section of the rhine gorge recognized by unesco called ?
what is the name for a response of the immune system that damages the body 's native tissues ?
at what point does oxygen toxicity begin to happen ?
what position does brandon marshall currently play ?
how much did capital cities/abc report in revenues in 1990 ?
which year did the price of oil drop to $ 10 per barrel ?
when was the last time san francisco hosted a super bowl ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the university 's professional schools ?
what show aired on cbs after late local programming ?
why did berlin huguenots switch to german from french in their services ?
what prestigious legal scholars are faculty members at harvard ?
who had kublai wanted to succeed him ?
what did the astronauts on the moon send back to earth live via signals ?
why is the current sea level rising ?
where did tesla return to in 1873 ?
other than the ijssel , where does the water from the pannerdens kanaal redsitrubute ?
how many panthers players were chosen for the 2015 season 's pro bowl ?
what car is licensed by the fso car factory and built in egypt ?
who can enforce european union law ?
according to agreement between iroquois and british , where was a strong house to be built ?
how many days does the council have to override the mayor 's veto ?
how long does it take for new areas to have significant oil production ?
what civil rights movement in the us was known for it 's disobedience ?
what team had the best start ever in the nfl ?
who were the semuren ?
how are the explanations supported ?
what can result in creating a poverty trap ?
when did martin luther publish his translation of the new testament ?
approximately how books did alexander dyce bequeathed to the museum ?
how many soldiers were in each tumen ?
what was the score for the 2015 nfc championship game ?
who was the leader of the khwarezmian dynasty in the early 1200s ?
the academic body of the university is made up of how many divisions of graduate ?
how many developed countries did british researchers use to gather statistics from ?
what rift system developed in the alpine orogeny ?
what division offers more then one branch of studies that do n't fit in with the other four ?
when did martin luther die ?
what could inverted repeats help do ?
who went to wittenberg to hear luther speak ?
fans blame the poor viewership of the late 80 's to competition from what show ?
what sea were ctenophores accidently introduced ?
how many first downs did denver have ?
what venue hosted super bowl opening night ?
who was the receiver on the successful 2-point conversion ?
who did george westinghouse beat out to light the world 's columbian exposition ?
which theory of einstein 's did tesla speak critically toward ?
where does the rhine river 's measurement end ?
how long does the main façade stretch along cromwell gardens ?
what has given a boost to manufacturing in recent years ?
when extensive time is required to sort integers , this represents what case complexity ?
who has the power to initiate legislation within the european union ?
how is unregistered property held in informal form ?
what is the position of the satellite that allowed sky to broadcast channels almost elclusively for the united kingdom ?
when were the french wars of religion ?
what is floridean ?
who was nasa 's administrator ?
gosforth and byker are the largest shopping areas of what type ?
in which year did the newspaper define southern california ?
what increases rapidly as per capita income increases ?
what time do they normally have tea ?
what is the name of the commuter rail system ?
what is inequality associated with higher levels of ?
where are the rows of combs located ?
how long was warsaw the capital of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth ?
what was the name of the 2010 christmas special ?
where did this pro-reform leader teach ?
what country was abhisit vejjajiva prime minister of , despite having been born in newcastle ?
what beverage company signed a contract allowing them to broadcast ads at a discount ?
the art noveau style of glassware is represented by which two artists ?
what has allowed for the savanna region to expand into the tropics ?
how long is the rhine ?
how many cds does newcastle 's library have ?
who was the first warsaw president ?
what period opened the tethys ocean ?
when did temur rule ?
what 's the name of the united kingdom 's sole remaining news cinema ?
what did the reforms cause ?
how many megaregions are there in the united states ?
who may introduce new laws or amendments to laws already on the books as a bill ?
who has expressed distaste for the canonicity of doctor who stories by other media ?
what composer used luther 's hymns in his works ?
how much percentage of victoria 's land is taken up by farms ?
which direction does two thirds of the rhine flow outside of germany ?
what does the un want to stabilize ?
when do members proceed to vote on whether they agree to the principles of the final bill ?
what did houghton say is necessary for any changes to the spm ?
what month , day and year did super bowl 50 take place ?
where are some physicians permitted to prescribe and give out medications within their practices ?
what part of luther 's career was one of his most productive ?
what was the color of the jerseys in super bowl xxxii when elway was quarterback ?
what was tesla 's plan to make students " bright " ?
in what year was the interstate highway system created ?
where was friedrich ratzel born ?
why did westinghouse not secure a patent for a similar motor ?
what was joseph haas arrested for ?
what does n't change from being at rest to movement at a constant velocity ?
what does the first minister deliver at the beginning of each parliamentary year ?
what was the centrifugal governor incapable of doing ?
why was polonia relegated from the country 's top flight in 2013 ?
what techniques can be used to determine paleotopography ?
what year did the financial interest and syndication rules result in abc 's decision to split abc films into two companies ?
which network broadcasted super bowl 50 in the u.s. ?
after 2007 how much do student from families earning less than $ 60,000 pay for school ?
what do conservative researchers fell should be a measure of inequality ?
what are the sky q mini set top boxes able to connect to ?
who besides woodrow wilson himself had the idea for the inquiry ?
why have newcastle and gateshead linked together under a common banner ?
what can a teacher use to help students learn ?
what years did this occupation take place ?
who is on the ipcc panel ?
what did roland bainton say about luther 's position on jews ?
when did the rhine straightening program begin ?
which mvp honoree died in 2001 ?
who voted on the venue for super bowl 50 ?
how many parts does the consideration of a bill in stage 3 have ?
what year did börte 's give birth to jochi ?
for what railroad did stephenson build a locomotive in 1825 ?
what three stadiums did the nfl decide between for the game ?
how many will the host committee dedicate to local charities ?
what did john mayow name the part of air that caused combustion ?
why are ctenophores extremely rare as fossils ?
what company owned nbc in the 1930s ?
what would income differentials be if individual contributions were relevant to the social product ?
along with toys , where are oscillating cylinder steam engines typically used ?
when was the skylab launched ?
what was the topic of the error ?
approximately how many british watercolours are in the v & a collection ?
when did british government give land for development of ohio country ?
who was the panthers ' tackle leader for 2015 ?
what is one method of achieving aspirational consumption ?
who set aside seed funding for the week-long event leading up to the super bowl ?
how is circuit switching charecterized
what law staes that forces are interactions between bodies ?
what were the years two regulations that conflicted with an italian law originate in the simmenthal spa case ?
what mongolian system did kublai 's government compromise with ?
currently , how many votes out of the 352 total votes are needed for a majority ?
what was the title of abc 's broadcast film program that debuted on sundays in 1962 ?
what does ctenophore use to capture prey ?
who did he fire ?
what are two basic primary resources used to guage complexity ?
the outside of the cm was covered in what kind of material ?
where did singer hold a press conference in may 2000 ?
of what mountain system are the victorian alps a part ?
who did denver beat in the afc championship ?
what kind of network was abc when it first began ?
what is the conventional method to measure the rhine ?
how many members are on the warsaw city counil ?
in what city 's marriott did the panthers stay ?
in what year was irene elizabeth stroud convicted in a church trial ?
after the merger between abc and capital cities , who became the vice president of abc broadcasting ?
what is the name of a time lord that doctor who has fought ?
which famous indian took a plea and put himself at the mercy of the courts ?
why do these defections occur ?
was is the name of the torchwood series that was mostly based in the us ?
which part of china had people ranked higher in the class system ?
what language did tesla study while in school ?
what theorems are responsible for determining questions of time and space requirements ?
of what hollywood film company was upt a subsidiary of when it merged with abc ?
when did luther write an extreme treatise against the jews ?
in addition to the traveling salesman problem , what is another example of a function problem ?
people of what nationality invented the steam turbine ?
the cities of los angeles and san diego are a part of which state ?
the great internet mersenne prime search , what was the prize for finding a prime with at least 10 million digits ?
when was earthenware movable type invented ?
in what areas does most of the learning take place ?
what is restrained with a lever in the top of a boiler ?
who was the most valuable player for the 2015 nfl season ?
how many years do elders serve as provisional elders prior to their ordination ?
which institution did the v & a partnered with to open the first permanent architectural history gallery in the uk ?
which name is also used to describe the amazon rainforest in english ?
what could the supplemental nutrition assistance program purchase ?
what guide states the univeristy of chicago is known for their heavy workload and academic difficulty ?
what was done to counteract the overpopulation of mnemiopsis in the black sea ?
what was the only year that a full series was not filmed since 2005 ?
what actually causes rigidity in matter ?
which group benefited from the funds distributed by the religious charity , al-haramain foundation ?
in what state is oxygen shipped in bulk ?
what did bskyb name their interactive service ?
why was the student group called " the methodists ? "
what candy company did edward john noble own ?
who discovered that magnetic and electric could self-generate ?
who registered the most sacks on the team this season ?
how can you protest against big companies in a non violent way ?
what can chloroplasts change into ?
who is also known at the father of the hydrogen bomb ?
who designed the golf course located at the sunnyside country club ?
what was the first true engine that was commercially successful ?
where is energiprojekt ab based ?
what field of computer science is primarily concerned with determining the likelihood of whether or not a problem can ultimately be solved using algorithms ?
who purchased or commissioned the works of european artists included the british galleries of the v & a ?
who was the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences ?
what sort of waves did he claim to observe ?
what is the civil disobedience called where people refuse to be released ?
when did the jin dynasty end ?
how many protestants live in france today ?
what is the name of the student improvisational theater troupe ?
what are the main threats facing the amazon rainforest in the current century ?
when did the germanic tribes claim territory in north and west europe ?
about how many of the asian population was hmong ?
who got a safe conduct pass for luther to come and leave the event ?
what has had a negative impact on the labor markets in the us ?
what did the popularity of luther 's translation contribute to ?
what is a reason for the movement to legalize importing medicines from other countries ?
how much of the european population did the black death kill ?
which ancient roman monument is replicated in full-scale in the cast courts ?
when did the launches of boilerplate csms occur in orbit ?
how many americans are richer than more than half of all citizens ?
what components raise steam temperature above its saturated vapor point ?
what year was the treaty of amsterdam created ?
when rock folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways , when it buckles upwards it creates what ?
what does the electrolysis of water produce ?
what type of locomotive was salamanca ?
what were european countries doing during the 1700 's ?
who thought that applied force caused movement of an object regardless of non-zero velocity ?
where were schirra , eisele and cunningham relocated to after different astronauts were selected for the as-258 mission ?
what new tasks do the protein products of transferred genes take on ?
why does a lower level of economic growth occur due to high-end consumption ?
according to ellen churchill semple what type of climate was necessary for humans to become fully human ?
what might the government require a teacher have before being allowed to teach ?
what bridge did the germans fail to demolish ?
with whom are teachers required to register ?
which territory did jochi try to protect that may have led to a dispute with his brothers ?
the skylab had what type of equipment onboard that was supposed to be used in a different mission ?
who specifically does ht target to change the opinion of ?
who is the play-by-play announcer for the game ?
how many gold medals did kenya win during the beijing olympics ?
what was the accepted length of the rhine prior to 1932 ?
what principle highlights the significance of primes in number theory
how many hymns of luther were included in the achtliederbuch ?
how was luther 's health for the years of 1531 to 1546 ?
how large are granal thylakoids ?
what paleontologists are currently on the university 's faculty ?
approximately how many old masters works are included in the v & a collection ?
historically , which movement has the methodist church supported ?
what is the term given to algorithms that utilize random bits ?
who named the apollo missions ?
what can a simultaneous hermaphrodite do ?
in his defense of doctor who , what did philip howard compare to the london property market ?
by whom is european law applied by ?
when did khan formally declare the yuan dynasty ?
what is controled by the market and economy ?
what type of heritage does tyneside have ?
what does the flow of the rhine being visible depend on ?
when are the ashes now ?
what is the most common form of oxygen on the planet ?
who decides who gets to address the members of parliament to share their thoughts on issues of faith ?
where are proplastids usually found ?
at what temperatures is o2 more soluble ?
prior to super bowl 50 , when were the broncos last there ?
on what show did bill aiken make is television debut ?
how many major immune responses do plants have ?
what influence did al banna wish to eliminate from the muslim world ?
what was part of the aftermath of the elections in 2007 ?
what is the world 's busiest general aviation airport ?
how many teachers are usually involved when co-teaching ?
what were the first two destinations of huguenot emigres ?
who would generally teach from a work like the quran , torah or bible ?
what other european protestant leader was educated at the university of paris ?
how many seats are in the debating chamber ?
who concluded that the rising income inequality gap was not getting better ?
what european event caused the huguenots to abandon charlesfort ?
of what form do fermat numbers take ?
who was the star of the sarah jane adventures ?
what channel did abc launch in 1981 that focused on cultural and arts programming ?
what was the attack on the british weakness ?
when did polonia warsaw win the country 's championship prior to 2000 ?
which english sculptor who became the leading portrait sculptor in regency era britain is represented in the v & a collection ?
what parts of plants have chloroplasts ?
what effect did genghis khan 's career have on communication and trade across asia ?
what type of teacher is required in the western europe model of discipline ?
what type of person can not be attributed civil disobedience ?
in addition to endowments and tuition , how do boarding schools cover their operating costs ?
why was abc forced to sell its interests in international networks in the 70s ?
when was the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) issued ?
which of genghis khan 's sons was disqualified from being successor because of his unstable behavior ?
what forces should serve as a brake on wealth concentration ?
what sacrament accords christians renewed life ?
what company was this the last super bowl they would let customers have an opportunity to get their own commercial ideas aired ?
how long has the concept of legal certainty been recognized as one of the general principles by the eu law ?
who influenced the taliban 's ideology ?
what are two examples of cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs ?
in what year was the school renamed as harvard college ?
what did tymnet connect
who led the most rapid expansion of the mongol empire ?
which newspaper defined southern california ?
when is the first reference in history to warsaw ?
what is the second most abundant element ?
which british sculptor whose work include the queen victoria memorial in front of buckingham palace is included in the v & a collection ?
how does most plants ' cpdna replicate ?
who fumbled the ball on 3rd-and-9 ?
on what date was series two first shown by the cbc ?
by what main attribute are computational problems classified utilizing computational complexity theory ?
how much carbon gets wasted by using o2 instead of co2 ?
who criticised the security bill ?
what television show for abc was an adaptation of the 1947 film wyoming kid ?
what service did abc launch in may 2013 ?
what is the most elemental way to test the primality of any integer n ?
what is the oldest known rock in the world ?
what percentage of scotland 's voting population failed to actually vote ?
what was another term used for the oil crisis ?
who may not require that its teachers be certified ?
where do cacti have chloroplasts ?
where is the hyde park day school located ?
how many inhabitants did betty meggers believe could occupy each square kilometre of the amazon ?
on what scale would scientists show measurements of vegetation ?
what do high levels of inequality prevent beyond economic prosperity ?
who sequenced the first plastome ?
when did luther write wir glauben all an einen gott ?
what was manning 's passer rating at the end of the season ?
scottish or irish describe the type of what people in newcastle have ?
what differs about secondary chloroplasts ' membranes ?
most of the objects in the japanese art collection is dated to which time period ?
which series version had a negative reception from some doctor who viewers ?
which museum was among those that loaned more modern works for the new sculpture galleries ?
what buildings held the milton friedman institute ?
who loved warsaw so much that he kept putting it in his novels ?
what did watt add to the steam engine in 1788 ?
when did disney-abc television group implement restrictions on hulu and watch abc to encourage live viewing ?
what did tesla struggle with while in school ?
in march 2007 , the mission council of the south central jurisdiction approved a 99-year lease on how many acres ?
name one way in which a person can become a professing member ?
what kind of sending technology is being used to protect tribal lands in the amazon ?
where does hamas want to establish an islamic state ?
who did berengaria of navarre marry ?
what type of engines became widespread around the end of the 19th century ?
what was left when engulfed algae was broken down ?
since 2005 , what is the gender of doctor who 's primary traveling companion ?
how long has the doctor who magazine been in circulation ?
how did the kikuyu people live ?
what equals the spring reaction force on an object suspended on a spring reaction scale ?
what is the name for a form of oxygen in which electrons are paired ?
what responsibilities are pharmacists believed to be taking on more in the future ?
where can ctenophores be found in large amounts ?
what did paul-louis simond establish in 1898 ?
if a detention requires a pupil to just sit there , how are they required to sit ?
what needs to be avoided with civil disobedience ?
where did the chinese nationalists move the mausoleum away from advancing chinese communist forces ?
what is the foundation for separation results within complexity classes ?
what did the early entrant program do for potential students ?
in what year did the norman 's invade at bannow bay ?
where were non-condensing direct-drive locomotives notably used for fast passenger trains ?
who designed the sage gateshead music center ?
how many times did arizona turn the ball over in the nfc championship ?
what replaced the sky+box ?
what year did slayton select the first apollo crew ?
what other entity was established at the same time as the european convention on human rights ?
when did germanic tribes cross the rhine to migrate ?
in addition to recirculating water , what do condensers do ?
who protected jamukha after he escaped the conflict with temüjin ?
what did warner sinback decide
how can any knot be distinctively indicated ?
where according to gross state product does victoria rank in australia ?
what globally popular half marathon began in 1981 ?
who was one french pro-reform roman catholic of the 15th century ?
if a matter is not specifically reserved , who is it devolved to ?
prior to the arrival of the french , the area now known as jacksonville was previously inhabited by what people ?
most power of what sort is generated by steam turbines today ?
what is the term for a mathematical model that theoretically represents a general computing machine ?
what new technology allowed abc to pre-record its shows ?
what ground based group did tesla think the weapon could be used on ?
how many followers does the presbyterian church of east africa have ?
what consortium was bskyb excluded from ?
activation of a helper t cell causes it to release what chemicals that influence cell activity ?
how many soldiers did genghis khan send against kuchlug and qara khitai ?
what is a trait of sequential hermaphrodites ?
in what types of organisms did the adaptive immune system first evolve ?
what country showed all three episodes of silver nemesis before the bbc did ?
which mission did schmitt finally land on the moon ?
in what year did tesla 's father die ?
what was edison 's reply as to what tesla did n't understand when tesla asked for payment ?
how many nfl teams have finished the regular season with one loss ?
what effect does rubisco 's flaw have ?
what is unique about simultaneous hermaphrodites ?
when was the announcement for the lor made after being delayed ?
by sunlight , what compound did priestley concentrate on to make the gas he called " dephlogisticated air " ?
in 1992 , what percentage of east german students attended private schools ?
what can construction projects suffer from ?
in which etude of neumes rythmiques do the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in ?
what day was super bowl 50 media day switched to ?
what party is president kibaki part of ?
who forced four fumbles for the broncos in the 2015 season ?
what nationality was konstantin mereschkowski ?
what else was used by pharmas ?
halford mackinder and friedrich ratzel where what kind of geographers ?
what did basset analyze before coming to his conclusions ?
who allegedly haunted the gate ?
what was tesla 's attitude toward the idea that matter could be turned into energy ?
what entity began producing television series for abc in 1962 ?
who won the battle near the helan mountains ?
what is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician to give out medication ?
to what extent did fermat confirm the validity of fermat numbers ?
what is attributed to the income inequality in the united states ?
what could justify restrictions on freedom of establishment ?
what route connects fresno with the california central valley ?
what cell type is also used for immune response in most types of invertebrate life ?
where is harvard stadium located ?
construction takes place on location for who ?
who was the scottish geologist that named mt kenya as mt kenia ?
on what is victoria 's constitution based ?
what did the mongol army throw in their catapults ?
what is the average weight of the biomass per hectare in the amazon ?
what test is especially useful for numbers of the form 2p - 1 ?
what process down the line does rubisco 's flaw interfere with ?
what is an example of a pump component ?
who kept tabs on the accident review board that nasa created ?
when was qutb executed ?
what was used to create a new electromagnetic theory to reconcile the troubles with electromagnetic theory as it used to stand ?
who was the defensive coordinator for the broncos in 2015 ?
what famous author used similarity and likeness of percy shelly in his writing ?
what series was created by former doctor who producer russell t. davies ?
what are the anitmicrobial peptides secreted by the skin called ?
which leaders did the islamic extremists attack ?
what was huihui ?
what type of rally was held ?
where did water to the east of the amazon drainage basin flow towards ?
how many people live in the greater metropolitan area ?
what was the first television series to feature an openly gay character ?
how many hymns did luther write for the first choral hymnal ?
european imperialism was focused on what ?
what team was the winner of super bowl xxxiii ?
who is usually working together ?
what did the crew of apollo 12 do with parts of the surveyor they landed near after photographing them ?
how long did the 5th president 's tenure last ?
what exists between fundamentalist islamism and reformist islamism ?
what happened to nasa 's budget after the first successful moon landing ?
what does the eu 's legitimacy rest on ?
how is the prime number p in bertrand 's postulate expressed mathematically ?
what does teaching on an island result in ?
when did bskyb first announce their target goal ?
when was the agreement to acquire abc approved by upt 's board ?
in which case were french vigilantes sabotaging shipments of spanish strawberries ?
what parts of a conventional reciprocating steam engine could be replaced by a pistonless rotary engine ?
what two country 's referendums curtailed a constitution for europe ?
in addition to a new body , what else changes about the doctor ?
why should disobedience by the general public be avoided ?
what is the other nhl team aside from the anaheim ducks to reside in southern california ?
what is the safair rally known as ?
who was the executive producer of the 2005 doctor who revival series ?
to whom was johann eck the assistant ?
what is the oldest surviving european tapestry in the v & a collection ?
what shape are pyrenoids ?
approximately how many works of art are included in the far eastern collections ?
what mechanism can be used to make oxygen ?
how are decisions made on behave of the eu made ?
what gas does the airline exothermic reaction produce ?
what does the wg i summary for policymakers report say human activities are doing to greenhouse gases ?
what extinction event might have created some conditions allowing the expansion of the amazon rainforest ?
what chess grandmaster is also a university alumni ?
how often is the av festival held ?
under which policy are labor unions encouraged ?
what type of company is van gend en loos ?
when were the negotiations finished in mansfeld ?
what is a typical name for learning that is not inside of the classroom ?
what does atp mean ?
how many color analysts were involved with super bowl 50 ?
what is the seldom used force unit equal to one thousand newtons ?
what members typically open debates ?
where did the tran dynasty rule ?
why is the public library known as a people 's university ?
who was responsible for the decorations of the grill room ?
how are the forces derived from fields treated similarly to ?
what plant cells have chloroplasts in them ?
when was the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation ( srex ) issued ?
what is the medieval esteve pharmacy used as at present ?
where was the fis formed ?
from whom did genghis khan learn seige warfare ?
how is civil disobedience typically defined in connection of the citizen 's ?
what french city was new rochelle named after ?
where was evan washburn located while announcing during the game ?
in what interval are some of the greatest primes without a distinct form discovered in ?
when did the democratic republic of afghanistan collapse ?
what type of lord is doctor who ?
what else did tesla do for work at this time ?
where does the delta in the netherlands begin ?
in which galleries are the french paintings donated by jones displayed ?
at what super bowl did beyoncé headline the halftime show ?
where do plasma waves occur ?
what type of space in warsaw are the botanic garden and university library garden ?
how else might a physician take advantage of self-interest ?
when was the main gallery for the v & a 's contemporary glass collection opened ?
how many languages did tesla know ?
what approach did oppenheimer advocate ?
which panthers player got a penalty , which gave the broncos a new set of downs ?
what area has become attractive for restaurants ?
how many nobel laureates are among the school alumni ?
why are the small lakes in the parks emptied before winter ?
how was the fate of luther decided ?
when did the first direct elections take place ?
when was the last use by bach of luther 's work ?
who did the fcc rule in favor of in the april 2000 dispute between time warner cable and abc ?
what company won a free advertisement due to the quickbooks contest ?
what does high levels of inequality do to growth in poor countries ?
who provided a definition of linear bounded automata in 1960 ?
what is the region called that is the largest conurbation of the rhine ?
what is the expression used to represent a complexity class of counting problems ?
how far is newcastle 's airport from the center of town ?
when did levi 's stadium open ?
how many times a year does the council meet ?
what had luther 's community done to jews years earlier ?
petrologists identify rock samples in the field and where else ?
what are outcomes expected with medication therapy management ?
what seldom used term of a unit of force equal to 1000 pound s of force ?
how old most a person be to apply to be an msp ?
where was the archangel michael shrine located ?
what department store is thought to be the first in the world ?
in the 1965-66 season , what place did abc find it 's self among the other networks in ratings ?
what can a principal make , if he/she works for a big school ?
what is a criticism of online pharmacies that issue drugs without a prescription ?
when was the color crimson adopted at harvard as official color ?
how were the men who did tasks like those of today 's pharmacists viewed in japan in the asuka and nara periods ?
what does the title gür khan mean ?
when had the brotherhood renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals ?
what physical quantities do not have direction ?
in what year did the serial format change for the doctor who series ?
what proclamation gave huguenots special privileges in brandenburg ?
what does the fogg museum of art cover ?
when did edward return ?
what did the richest 400 americans have as children that helped them be successful adults ?
where does the proportion of shared and converted houses in 2011 put this dwelling type in the color-coded brackets ?
what us war caused a high amount of civil disobedience ?
what field of computer science analyzes all possible algorithms in aggregate to determine the resource requirements needed to solve to a given problem ?
what system was adopted for education ?
from whom did the huguenots purchase the land where they settled ?
what are apicomplexans a type of ?
how many floors are there in the building that was completed in 1967 ?
how large are plastoglobuli ?
in what year did the university first see a drop in applications ?
what is partially responsible for weakened immune response in older individuals ?
why were the initial suggestions for a devolved parliament before 1914 shelved ?
where were french north americans settled ?
who did peyton manning play for as a rookie ?
who owns the rail lines in victoria ?
how many apollo missions were manned by the previous mercury and gemini veterans ?
what country does the moselle take the rhine to ?
what happened to tesla 's belongings ?
what type of revolution did maududi advocate ?
according to the umc , persons who are addicted to pornography have altered perceptions of whom ?
what company confirmed that beyoncé would participate in the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
what year did the khwarezmian empire fall to genghis khan ?
which successor to henry resumed persecution of the huguenots ?
what is the estimated cost of the v & a branded gallery ?
what famous composer used a lutheran hymn in his work ?
how much of the earth 's atmosphere is diatomic oxygen ?
how much do ctenophore eat in a day ?
how did the principle treaties that form the european union begin ?
how many points did the panthers defense surrender ?
what should be the main goal of not using punishment in a just system ?
how concentrated do the hydrogen ions get in the thylakoid space ?
what uprising began in 1351 ?
in the mid 18th century , who did not concur that 1 should be the first prime number ?
when did the 1973 oil crisis begin ?
what did the merwede-oude maas form with waal and lek ?
what is the name given to the university 's main library ?
what were steam engines used as a source of ?
when forces are acting on an extended body , what do you need to account for motion effects ?
why did tesla sever ties with his family ?
when did the kmj-tv first broadcast ?
when was the british east india company established ?
when did building activity occur on st. kazimierz church ?
what type of discipline do critics want to see ?
what did these flights test on the cm ?
how high are victoria 's alpine regions ?
which musical group did the v & a present in july 1973 as part of its youth outreach programme ?
what italian painter was depicted in the main bronze door entrance of the museum ?
when was tesla returned to gospic ?
how many miles south of edinburgh is newcastle ?
which team did not get a chance to defend their super bowl xlix win in super bowl 50 ?
where has there been very well-known cases of teacher misconduct ?
who found that there was a developed culture of commissioner 's who lacked responsibility ?
where did tesla begin a new job at in 1882 ?
who is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa ?
what previous work did lavoisier experiments discredit ?
what is the name of the donor who helped establish the hutchinson commons ?
what register did chris keates think that some teachers should not be placed on ?
what type of gradients are formed by faulting and other deformational processes ?
what animals did tesla care for ?
which company is the gallery of japanese art named after ?
what has recently undergone extensive restoration ?
what book did martin luther translate to impact german culture ?
what type of topological systems are found in numbers in victoria ?
in what years did bach use more of luther 's hymns in his compositions ?
what type of cells engulf or eat pathogens and foreign particles ?
what success did abercrombie gain out of the defeat at carillon ?
what type of conservation include providing advice on the handling of items ?
what is the only divisor besides 1 that a prime number can have ?
when did the university start having a bachelor 's degree program in cinema & media studies ?
how many base pairs are there in chromatophore dna ?
which border does the megaregion extend over ?
when was the ipcc third assessment report published ?
what does fota stand for ?
why do carotenoids make leaves change color in the fall ?
how high do plague fevers run ?
what is the force between two locations related to ?
in which region tribe were large settlements discovered ?
how did user of tymnet connect
along with fuel sources , what concern has contributed to the development of the advanced steam movement ?
what un organizations established the ipcc ?
where is genghis khan 's presumed to have been delivered ?
who chartered the british east india company ?
prevenient grace allowas those tainted by what to make a choice to accept or reject god 's salvation in christ ?
when was japan accepted as an arab-friendly state ?
how many membranes do apicoplasts have ?
what does the 9 +3 pattern of cilia thought to do ?
who patronized the monks in italy ?
who demonstrated how to create a perfect number from a mersenne prime ?
how many research institutes does the university run on campus ?
what does the world 's first museum of posters have one of the largest collections of in the world ?
how often does the european council meet ?
who wanted to acquire patents an ac motor .
what is another name for an immune system 's improved response ?
who asked luther to return to the city ?
how many passengers per year does newcastle 's airport handle ?
what type of steam engines produced most power up to the early 20th century ?
which membrane was lost in euglenophyte chloroplasts ?
what kind of marriage was this ?
when did abc announce the restructure of abc radio ?
when did philip i convene an assembly to set doctrine in the protestant states ?
there is a public database of epitopes for pathogens known to be recognizable by what cells ?
on what date was oxygen liquefied in a stable form ?
in what year did abc resume its television relationship with disney ?
in what year was henry ware elected to chair ?
the inland delta at the mouth of the rhine is with what lake ?
what kind of deprivation results in diminished immune response and lower antibody production ?
in what field were double and triple expansion engines common ?
what year was temüjin , who became genghis khan , likely born ?
why were southern chinese ranked lower ?
how many public charter schools does the university run ?
what is prevenient grace ?
what game show debuted on abc in 2007 as a replacement for striking programs ?
what tool is used in corporal punishment ?
what london neighborhood attracted huguenot refugees ?
who presents different ideas about how to accomplish goals ?
what word was luther criticized for adding in romans3:28 ?
living from 973–1048 ce he was one of the earliest persian geologists , what was his name ?
what is the last name of the player who scored a 2-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter ?
how many of warsaw 's inhabitants spoke polish in 1933 ?
which panthers rb scored 6 tds in the 13 games leading up to super bowl 50 ?
where did water to the west of the amazon drainage basin flow towards ?
how many hours can one expect to ride the train from newcastle to king 's cross ?
at what point in luther 's sermons did schurf write to the elector ?
in nepalese private schools , what is the primary language of instruction ?
what is the highest court in the united methodist denomination ?
when did the umc enter into full communion with several churches ?
what was the nationality of jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont ?
when was the first direct elections for native kenyans ?
to which year is the gloucester candlestick dated ?
how many times had thomas davis torn his acl in his career ?
how many cylinders does the energiprojekt ab engine have ?
what entity did tesla believe would not be able to solve the problems of the time ?
how many people lived in fresno in 2000 , according to the census bureau ?
who hosts the weeknight talk show featured on abc networks ?
why would one plead guilty to a crime involving civil disobedience ?
where does luther place salvation ?
what characteristic due most items display after burning ?
why would a person chose civil disobedience against specific laws ?
when was operation market garden ?
what does mnemiopsis eat ?
what is one example of an instance that the quantitative answer to the traveling salesman problem fails to answer ?
j. a. hobson wanted which races to develop the world ?
what directions the local church to offer membership preparation to all people ?
how are packets normally forwarded
what south korean car manufacturer purchased the factor in 1995 ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , what was the total umc membership ?
where did tesla begin working in 1884 ?
which series were featured on the first doctor who soundtrack ?
how was religion handled in the mongol empire ?
which articles state that powers stay with member states unless they 've been conferred ?
in the wake of the jacksonville fire , what did the florida governor do ?
which organisms have chloroplasts ?
what was the name of the hotel the panthers chose to stay in during super bowl 50 ?
which park hosts the largest civil war reenactment on the west coast ?
who previously held the record for being the oldest quarterback to play in a super bowl ?
when was the settlement which would become warsaw established ?
how many granal thylakoids can be in each granum ?
how many membranes does the haptophyte chloroplast have ?
when did the name black death officially take root in england ?
where was luther mostly concentrating his efforts on reform ?
which hall was used as parliament 's principle committee room ?
where was parliament temporarily relocated to in may of 2000 ?
who sets the work agenda and allocates time in the chamber ?
what did the merchants of newcastle plot to do to timothy dexter ?
when did economists reach a conclusion with the s & p 's rating agency ?
how many yards was the missed field goal ?
what will the prime minister have power over ?
which company was given permission to air tv commercials during super bowl 50 at a discounted price ?
what kind of programs did nbc red test ?
what did luther say the common people knew nothing about ?
how many picks did aqib talib have ?
why should someone not commit a crime when they are protesting ?
zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries are called what ?
what is the weather type of mallee and upper wimmera ?
who authored the liber servitoris ?
which country 's arms purchase from the us became 5 times more than israel ?
what sections of church dogma did luther come to view in another way ?
what was the percentage of black or african-americans living in the city ?
about what year was the atmospheric engine invented ?
what is the population of los angeles ?
what minimalist composer is also a university graduate ?
when did abc 's new york flagship stations change their call signs ?
what super bowl was the last where a fumble was returned for a touchdown ?
what is the second busiest airport in the united states ?
what other series mentioned returned with a plot continuation ?
where was the continental edison company located ?
what type of vote must the parliament have to either block or suggest changes to the commission 's proposals ?
what is the process by which the adaptive immune system is evaded by the chainging of non-essential epitopes called ?
to what network did sabrina the teenage witch move in 2000 ?
how old was tesla when he wrote that he 'd completed his dynamic theory of gravity ?
how much less steam did the corliss engine use compared to the watt engine ?
who did the mongols bring to china as administrators ?
what else did pamela jelimo win after the olympics ?
where is bielany forest located ?
who founded the ming dynasty ?
what was the hymn meant to examine students on ?
when did the steven spielberg movie duel first debut ?
which performers joined the headliner during the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
what were the claims of corruption in the armed forces ?
when were most of the places of religious worship destroyed in warsaw ?
what type of landscapes other than geologic and natural ecosystem landscapes can be found in southern california ?
what is the name of the quarterback who was 38 in super bowl xxxiii ?
who kidnapped temüjin 's first wife soon after they were married ?
when is sports programming provided by abc on saturday afternoons ?
when was tesla 's innovative motor patented ?
the west side of fresno is the center of which ethnic community ?
when was warsaw 's first stock exchange established ?
what do gravitational forces act between ?
at millingen aan de rijn where the rhine splits , what does it change it 's name to ?
what did lavoisier conclude was consumed by combustion in his experiments ?
what was the end of the war of the austrian succession ?
what is sanctifying grace ?
when did kenya obtain independence ?
what did tesla work as after dropping out ?
which species eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parents body until hatched ?
how long may the amazon rainforest be threatened , according to some computer models ?
what is another name for the west side of fresno ?
what type of destination is the area around grey 's monument ?
what did tesla begin to research in march 1896 ?
nonverbal expressions resulted in what kind of levels of motivation to learn ?
where did harold ii die ?
what was the definition of professionals , for this study ?
who wrote about the distillation of drinking water from sea water ?
what was julian hawthorne 's relation to tesla ?
who sees a patient after a nurse can not help anymore ?
what did the kyoto protocol try to address ?
whose authority did luther 's theology oppose ?
in 2012 , how many stadiums were named as finalists for hosting super bowl 50 before the final stadium was chosen ?
how much was the combined wealth of the " 10 million dollar millionaires " in 2008 ?
who did genghis khan charge with finding and punishing the shah ?
when do juvenile develop into adults ?
prior to super bowl 50 , what was the last super bowl in california ?
which wireless company had exclusive streaming rights on mobile phones ?
what player did the field problem at levi 's stadium affect for a field goal in week six of the regular season ?
what authority enforced the ban on the 95 theses ?
how many seats must a political party have to be represented on the parliamentary bureau ?
what was tesla 's position with westinghouse ?
where did abc construct it 's transmitter for its affiliate station in san francisco ?
how many square kilometers of rainforest is covered in the basin ?
what do isolated , spaced out graves of plague victims indicate ?
what is the term for the original aboriginal people of victoria ?
what would mongol armies divert in order to cut off the resources of cities they were attacking ?
since denver chose white , what colors did carolina wear in super bowl 50 ?
what is psalm 67 about ?
an algorithm for x which reduces to c would us to do what ?
what form of oxygen do marine animals acquire in greater amounts during cooler climatic conditions ?
besides the study of prime numbers , what general theory was considered the official example of pure mathematics ?
what proclamation officially ended limited huguenot autonomy ?
what complex measurements were defined by " on the computational complexity of algorithms " ?
the initial lm weighed how much in kgs ?
what did tesla think nitrous acid contributed to ?
what was the overly generous royalty amount that tesla had been receiving ?
who funds the ipcc 's secretary ?
french church street is in what irish town ?
how was scarcity managed in many countries ?
what do n't chloroplastidan chloroplasts have ?
what new product did bank of america introduce in 1958 ?
how many homes did the alta vista tract have five years after billings & meyering acquired it ?
what kind of division of power did kublai 's government have ?
when did the general conference go on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ?
what is an alternate way to make starch ?
what injury did manning suffer the summer before the season started ?
how did luther smuggle 12 nuns out of a convent during the rebellion ?
why is shine-dalgarno sequence recognition important ?
how many residential dorms house upper class , sophomore , jr , and sr students ?
what kind of chloroplasts do euglenophytes have ?
how did the bbc get audio versions of the lost episodes ?
what does immunodeficiency cause ?
who led the committee established by seaman ?
what drove residents to quieter suburban housing ?
in what century did mayow and boyle perform their experiments ?
why did the shah of iran gave an interview ?
what was he studying that gave him the teleforce weapon idea ?
when did tesla go to karlovac ?
how many yards did jordan norwood return a punt to set the super bowl record ?
what did luther use as accompaniment to his hymns ?
what performer lead the super bowl xlviii halftime show ?
what does the scotland act of 2012 extend ?
what were x-rays known as at the time ?
what separates the neuroimmune system and peripheral immune system in humans ?
what kind of facility was wardenclyffe ?
what mountain has snow on it all year round ?
what is considered the mother church of american methodism ?
what did luther expound happened to souls after death ?
besides 1,3 and 7 , what other number must all primes greater than 5 end with ?
what happened as a result of the russo-japanese war ?
how many residents does the greater metropolitan area have ?
what is the ieee ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students signed up for the college ?
in what town did bill aiken grow up ?
when did british begin to build fort under william trent ?
who was the founder of the oracle corporation ?
what did luther decide about the catholic church ?
who works to get workers higher compensation ?
what color are the numbers in the super bowl 50 logo ?
what graphic designer designed the abc logo in it 's most known form ?
because of the danger inherent in concentrated oxygen , what is a concern about keeping it ?
how does ht strive to amass power ?
where does kenya have deposits of oil ?
what event is held at bells beach in victoria ?
what did the hymn , aus tiefer not express ?
when were luther and his prospective bride engaged ?
what is the name of the holding company for bskyb ?
how much did tesla spend on the injured pigeon ?
natural killer cells recognize cells that should be targeted by a condition known as what ?
along with electric motors , what power sources overtook steam engines in the 20th century ?
what is the metric they use to determine how busy airports are ?
electrolysis of what can be used to produce oxygen and hydrogen ?
what universal trailer debuted during the super bowl ?
what suffered considerably for warsaw when it had an eastern bloc economy ?
what is the title of edwards book about luther ?
what other former halftime show performer joined coldplay and beyoncé for the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
what does wealth disparity make the economy more prone to ?
which countries became dependent on us 's security assurance to threats ?
what does the presiding officer try to achieve a balance of between speakers ?
what kind of cell identifies pathogens when the antibodies on its surface complex with a specific foreign antigen ?
what is the total make up of fish species living in the amazon ?
what compounds can be masked with the molecules of the host cell in order for a virus to evade detection ?
what egyptologist was also apart of the university 's faculty ?
where does the largest part of kenya 's power come from ?
how far is fresno city college from the tower district ?
what does rhodophyte mean ?
how do pathogens avoid detection ?
whose control of the uk 's government helped fuel a desire for a scottish parliament ?
what regions do the north-eastern part of the country boarder ?
how many teams have been in the super bowl eight times ?
what process attributes new wealth to those that already have it ?
what character on coupling is a doctor who fan ?
what was the name of the character known as the time lady ?
who conceptualized the aeolipile ?
rocks that are a depth where they are ductilely stretched are also often what ?
what are the two major subsystems of the immune system ?
what city is the capital of victoria ?
members of which organizations are disqualified from sitting in the sp as elected msps ?
what yard line was the broncos on when manning lost the ball in the fourth quarter ?
what did queen elizabeth ii open in newcastle in 1981 ?
what are two examples of primitive jawless vertebrates ?
who got a touchdown making the score 10-7 ?
who did the han chinese want to help the mongols fight ?
for whom was this new mass intended ?
what kind of market is kenya considered ?
from which period did the objects in the soulages collection come from ?
what policy did stalin implement shortly after lenin 's death ?
about how much did a new york city day school cost annually in 2012 ?
how far do the wildebeest migrate searching for food and water ?
what is the steam engine 's thermodynamic basis ?
what two women were defying the pharaoh in the story from the book of exodus ?
after what battle did union forces return to and occupy jacksonville for the rest of the war ?
what role did michael oppenheimer have in the ipcc 's reports ?
what has the increase of prices caused ?
what was the program in the first children 's program block to be broadcast in hd ?
what does rosenfield feel plays the most significant role in expanding the income gap ?
how many hundred of years was scotland directly governed by the parliament of great britain ?
what programs are broadcast from the times square studios for abc ?
where does the rhine end ?
who is parodied on programs such as saturday night live and the simpsons ?
what award was michelle gomez nominated for ?
in the article 's title , what did the machine hope to end ?
when did violence start in war ?
what did jim gray cover ?
beginning how many years ago did the amazon rainforest extend 45 degrees south ?
what abc series originated as short segment on love , american style ?
according to lenin why must capitalistic countries have an imperialistic policy ?
who fumbled the ball when tackled by darian stewart ?
the umc understands itself to be part of what church ?
what religion 's schools were integrated into new zealand public schools between 1979 and 1984 ?
in what year did luther get his degree ?
what is the main reason consulting pharmacists are increasingly working directly with patients ?
what abc station in south bend , indiana maintains digital simulcasts on a subchannel ?
where do thrust faults form ?
what purpose would luther have in not wanting to ban the qur'an ?
what are abc 's current daytime talk shows ?
what impact did the high school education movement have on the presence of skilled workers ?
which genus lack tentacles and sheaths ?
when were attacks on teachers the highest ?
what kind of light is inadequate for chloroplasts to divide ?
where were the ashes sent ?
how much does victoria produce in australian pears ?
what has shortened the rhine river ?
relegation to secondary status for abc resulted in viewership how much lower than their competitors , according to goldenson ?
what was zia-ul-haq 's official state ideology ?
how much money did the committee raise ?
what does a receiver have to be equipped with to view encrypted content ?
what kind of media can references to tesla be found in
where are longitudinal waves found ?
vendobionta lived during which period ?
what percentage of newcastle 's population was culled by the plague ?
where did scientists find their y. pestis sample ?
what type of sentences were the protesters given ?
what does the acronym lem stand for ?
in what year did edmond 's characterize a " good " algorithm ?
what does the current high level of population have a large impact on ?
who succeeded thomas murphy as president in 1990 ?
what happens if a member does n't vote the party line ?
how many of the survey respondents considered doctor who very unsuitable for family viewing ?
what has started to change the way teachers teach in the classroom , generally ?
what is the roman numeral going to be for super bowl 51 ?
which country does the rhine encounter it 's main tributaries ?
what did john paul ii 's visits in 1979 and 1983 encourage ?
what was the episode name of simpson 's first doctor who score ?
what was the name of the first building built on campus grounds ?
how many horsepower did tesla 's bladeless turbine have ?
what was the capital of khwarezmia before the mongol invasion ?
what is the jelly-like susbtance called ?
when was the ipcc fourth assessment report published ?
disney-abc television group merged with abc studios and what other entity in 2009 ?
what is the lower canal regulation of the rhine ?
who was the panthers head coach for the 2015 season ?
what kind of system of infection involves inserting a hollow tube into a host cell ?
what does ac stand for ?
what was intended to take a csm and lm , fully fueled , to the moon ?
what dictionary contains a non- violent definition ?
what is the english translation of het scheur ?
what did johann eck call luther ?
in what year was there an attempt to withdraw the umc membership ?
what 's the party 's take on muslim history ?
how many types of movements do euplokamis tentilla have ?
what was the programming philosophy pioneered by abc and goldenson ?
what would be lower if there were fewer people ?
what date did tesla begin his colorado springs experiments ?
who directed luther away from self-reflection and towards the merits of christ ?
when did tesla make the induction motor ?
who described a steam turbine in 1629 ?
who stated that john jortin misunderstood luther ?
to where were the belongings taken ?
why are n't the examples of bouregois architecture visible today ?
what is responsible for constraining p according to the time hierarchy theorem ?
how tall was tesla ?
what is considered the epitome of the rhine romanticism ?
what does the acronym csm stand for ?
what was the name of the florida huguenot colony ?
where are the streams the rhine captured ?
what is another word for diatom ?
what position did luther have in wittenberg ?
where is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum usually found ?
who wrote a resounding letter to the elector praising luther ?
how did the leaders of the city of bukhara respond to the mongol attack ?
what did tesla explore in tominaj ?
in what century was quantum mechanics made ?
what kind of region can be found inside the urban area of southern california ?
what is the least number of members a board of trustees can have ?
what is the name of the stadium in miami that was considered ?
where was the central secretariat based ?
what is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is very challenging ?
what is the definition of agency as it relates to capabilities ?
what is n't economic growth sufficient for progress on ?
how long has radio tyneside been the voluntary hospital radio service ?
what did iqbal fear would weaken the spiritual foundations of islam and muslim society ?
what is the area called near the rhine gorge with castles from the middle ages ?
what type of steam engine produces most electricity in the world today ?
what was one of the norman 's major exports ?
who was the new elector of saxony ?
what happens to waste heat in the rankine cycle ?
how many horsepower was watt 's engine ?
what was ntl telewest re-branded to in 2007 ?
what happened to the apollo 13 crew to force them to use the lm as a " life boat " as it had been designed ?
in modern times , what is said about civil disobedience ?
what plants do n't need light to make chloroplasts ?
who lost to the broncos in the afc championship ?
where did he claim he would transport energy to ?
where is the only jewish synagogue located ?
in 1952 , how many television stations were there in the united states ?
when was ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov ?
what does quadratic reciprocity seek to achieve ?
what did a lot of players need to change during super bowl 50 because of the condition of the field ?
how was the rhine gorge formed ?
what is the effect of beta decay ?
how much water does the aare give to the rhine ?
which famous french artist who painted the grande odalisque of 1814 is represented in the drawings collection of the v & a ?
how many bodies of water makes up lake constance ?
how many firms were existing in 2005 ?
which show was voted most violent of the bbc shows in a 1972 survey ?
different committees have what set out in different ways ?
how many people would die of plague in largely populated cities ?
what is impact melt that some samples of moon rocks show ?
what did luther call good works that existed solely to attract god 's favor ?
how many species of trees can be found in the amazon rainforest ?
when is luther commemorated by the church of england ?
what did donald davies develop
what did schurf 's letter say luther 's return caused ?
what color were the bronco 's uniforms in super bowl 50 ?
in what country does some clergy in the umc occasionally practice exorcism ?
southern california 's economy can be described as one of the largest in the united states and what other characteristic ?
how much does petroleum account for of the national import bill ?
who created abc 's wide world of sports ?
what is the estimated death toll for polish civilians ?
how much can ctenophores eat in one day ?
what does connection orientation require
when was the abc pictures division eventually dissolved ?
who filed an objection to the bbc using the blue police box in doctor who merchandise ?
how many people lived in warsaw in 1939 ?
who if the commissioner of the nfl ?
who lectured at the newcastle library on the 20th of october in 1880 ?
where are the specialized cells that eliminate cells that recognize self-antigens located ?
what is one way to use pure speech to reach as much people as possible to protest ?
what was westinghouse potentially trying to avoid by paying tesla ?
how many stations did abc have affiliation agreements with in 2015 ?
who is the executive power ?
where was ralph earl of ?
what third type of plea uses creative words ?
who actually won the prize ?
according to the theory , what does the name " huguenot " mean ?
who developed a successful steam engine indicator for charles porter ?
along with geothermal and nuclear , what is a notable non-combustion heat source ?
when was amnesty granted to those responsible for the massacre ?
where did the movement that would become the united methodist church begin ?
what ended the need for abc to maintain interests in other countries ?
in what month and year was the as-258 scheduled to launch ?
how many astronauts visited space on missions and were rewarded for their efforts ?
which male child of ghengis khan and börte was born last ?
in which case was it held that the provisions of the treaties are directly effective if they are clear , unconditional , and do n't require further action by eu or national authorities ?
what character in the play portrays civil disobedience ?
when was gold found near ballarat ?
what spelling of genghis most closely matches its probable pronunciation ?
where was wardenclyffe located ?
is the lisbon treaty one that would alter existing treaties or replace them ?
what is the state average growth rate ?
when is the evolution festival hosted ?
how much had westinghouse paid to tesla , brown and peck ?
what year did newton hold the number one draft pick position ?
in 2005 , approximately how many congregations were in the umc ?
in a market economy , what is inequality a reflection of ?
what is the alpine valley that the rhine flows through ?
how many years must a local pastor attend a course of study at united methodist approved seminary ?
how many tree species were found in one square kilometer of ecuadorian rainforest in 2001 ?
the earliest items in the jewelry collection come from which ancient civilization ?
what was the first super bowl branded with roman numerals ?
which season of doctor who won an award for best writing in a children 's serial ?
where have some workers made more than $ 100,000 ?
what percent live below the povertly line ?
why was the rhine regulated ?
university of chicago scholars played a major part in what development ?
for many years , what was the brotherhood described as ?
on what date did henry kissinger negotiate an israeli troop withdrawal from the sinai peninsula ?
what types of engines are steam engines ?
what society founded the university of chicago ?
what did luther gradually see as hopeless in the reformation ?
what percentage of prime-time tv viewership did the three big networks represent in 1980 ?
where was there a weakness in british supply chain ?
who , according to the text , caused cam newton to lose the ball during a tackle ?
as what did robert michael view luther 's violent language towards the jews ?
what religion is the western region mostly ?
what did the court of justice say steymann was entitled to ?
who increased british military resources in colonies ?
who is the english translator of this hymn ?
what network showed a doctor who film ?
which car shows the dot 's revision of categories ?
what causes the population of ctenophora to grow at an explosive rate ?
what did saudi arabia try to repress to compensate for its loss of stature ?
how many narrow gauge rail lines were previously government owned ?
how many people in quzhou are descended from confucius ?
on what did tesla blame for the loss of the initial money ?
how much capital did danish law require to start a company ?
what did he find that could constitute a hazard ?
what was one proposal to let the ipcc respond to new evidence faster ?
how many of the pitt 's planned expeditions were successful ?
what did the increase in skilled workers lead to ?
when was the regime in pakistan overthrown by general zia-ul-haq ?
which department sponsors the victoria and albert museum ?
what was the concept of force an integral part of ?
where did most chloroplasts come from ?
who tipped peyton 's pass for an interception ?
what was the name of the first successful credit card ?
where is the jazz jamboree hosted ?
where did maududi 's books place islam ?
what building from the 19th century was destroyed between the 1950s and 1960s ?
what is the revised version of the book of common prayer called ?
to what did tesla attribute the unknown signals his radio received ?
what would have to be increased regarding the lm and csm for the last five missions ?
how high on the charts did the mankind version of the theme go ?
what serves as a biological barrier by competing for space and food in the gi tract ?
when was mueller announced and appointed as deputy associate administrator ?
who was tesla 's nephew ?
what institute published findings in september 2012 regarding the forbes richest 400 americans ?
with which museum does the v & a co-owns canova 's the three graces ?
what is a hermaphrodite ?
what medical treatment is used to increase oxygen uptake in a patient ?
what did davies call his system
what was the museum originally called ?
what is the lake known as which was created by the rise of the andes mountains ?
when were the shortcomings of aristotle 's physics overcome ?
what type of engines became popular for power generation after piston steam engines ?
how much did the ipcc third assessment report say sea levels will rise from 1990 to 2100 ?
other than t cells , what other immune cells express cyp27b1 ?
what controls wages in a purely capitalist mode of production ?
missing self desribes cells that only have small amounts of what cell-surface marker ?
what responses protect the lungs by mechanically ejecting pathogens from the respiratory system ?
what is the mace displayed in ?
how did the committee raise the money ?
the wjz callsign would then be assigned to an abc affiliate in what city in 1959 ?
the cast courts display plaster casts of what objects ?
according to certain geographical theories what type of human does a tropical climate produce ?
what year was jamukha elected gür khan ?
how many times less is the strenght of the weak field compared to the strong ?
what gets transferred to students who are receptive to the teacher ?
what group of people can not be part of civil disobedience ?
what area is newcastle 's milder winters and cooler summers most similar to ?
what school did both hank marvin and bruce welch attend ?
what do professional athletes seek to boost from breathing oxygen ?
how long has the rhine coastline been in the same location ?
what present day county is new rochelle in ?
what historical figure was jacksonville named after ?
why did confucians like the medical field ?
what year is the earliest traces of the color crimson at harvard ?
how wide is the rhine in germany ?
why might rats not be responsible for the plague ?
what was newton 's quarterback rating for 2015 ?
what was ronnie hillman 's average yards per carry in 2015 ?
which ctenophora have been studies the most ?
how many plays was denver kept out of the end zone after getting the ball from newton ?
when did tesla enroll in austrian polytechnic ?
what scientist told the french academy of sciences that he had found how to liquefy oxygen ?
how many seconds were left in the game when the broncos intercepted the pass that won the game ?
who did the parliament rent additional buildings from ?
who selected the first apollo crew ?
how long was the broadcast delay the first time the series premiered ?
what have peridinin-type chloroplasts lost ?
what does it mean for a disease to be enzootic ?
what plants create most electric power ?
what does many workers willing to work for a lot of time competing for a job that only requires a few workers result in ?
what did the moscone center host ?
what type of punishment is sometimes offered to civil disobedients ?
how much did it cost to build levi 's stadium ?
when was the single european act made ?
what does the ipcc not do ?
what is the term that describes the difference between what higher paid and lower paid professionals earn ?
who was it essential to islam to imitate ?
where does the cold and warm water meet the warm water ?
female sex hormones are immunostimulators of which immune responses ?
where is polonia 's home venue located ?
what type of climate does jacksonville have ?
besides confucianism , buddhism , and islam , what religions were tolerated during the yuan ?
who analyzed tesla 's belongings ?
what notion keeps it 's meaning through both netonian and schrodinger physics equations ?
what was konstantin mereschkowski 's career ?
what is the most recent example of financial fault lines ?
upon hearing the final product , what was the creator quoted as saying ?
what company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with bskyb ?
what other business district does orange county envelop outside of downtown santa ana and newport center ?
what icons were reintroduced in series 2 of the revival show ?
who designs both the " 50 " as well as the trophy ?
what crew did eisele eventually get relocated to after having surgery and not making the first mission ?
when is the suspended team scheduled to return ?
what language is spoken in kenya ?
what image campaign was the new four-note jingle for abc based around ?
what court case desegregated schools in the united states ?
what harvard alumni was the palestine prime minister ?
where is the aboral organ located ?
what type of math was advanced during the yuan ?
how many weight rooms are in the malkin athletic center
what were the astronauts wearing during the dual mission as-278 ?
who created the theme used in 1986 ?
what team did kubiak play for in super bowl xxi ?
what were the cultural origins of the engineers and technology adopted by the mongol military ?
when did abc adopt it 's iconic circle logo ?
what would someone who is civilly disobedient do in court ?
what program did red cross put together in 2011 ?
who treats the majority of the population medically ?
what period did the rhine capture streams ?
anarchists do not want to accept punishment for what reason ?
what day was tesla 's funeral ?
what was the starting cost for a tv commercial lasting 30 seconds and airing during super bowl 50 ?
who gave tesla 's eulogy ?
who patented a steam engine in 1781 ?
what must the adoption of laws which will have legal effect in the eu have ?
what did tesla electric light & manufacturing do ?
what is the bielany forest the last remnant of ?
what was the daily distance walked by tesla ?
what type of membership will allow local pastors to retire as clergy ?
what are the two primary constitutional sources of the european union ?
what are the small tentacles on cydippids called ?
in 1755 what fort did british capture ?
what was the title of the first choral hymnal ?
what did objects in forced motion contain according to the late medieval idea that influence aristotle ?
the silver and gold collection of the v & a is divided into which categories ?
what did the bankamericard allow customers do to that they could n't do with previous financial instruments ?
what is one of the supplementary sources of european union law ?
if the teacher focuses on maintaining order , what does this take time away from ?
what does it mean when currencies are left to " float ? "
how tall was the tower 's ultimate height ?
where was shirey going to be when fort oswego was to be attacked ?
in which year was the musical instruments gallery closed ?
what is decreased by staging expansion across multiple cylinders ?
how many g3p molecules leave the cycle ?
what would create a conflict between a problem x and problem c within the context of reduction ?
what portion of bird species make up the world 's total live in the rainforest ?
what play showed an early depiction of civil disobedience ?
where was the practice place the panthers used for the super bowl ?
which company sponsored a contest called " small business big game " ?
where did jebe 's division of genghis khan 's army campaign in khwarezmia ?
in 1893 , who won the bid to light the world 's columbian exposition ?
the passage of what act gave victoria its own government ?
which article of the treaty on european union states that commissioners should be completely independent and not take instructions from any government ?
on what lake did troops attack fort willima henry in winter ?
what encouraged cultural exchange under the yuan ?
who played the master in the 1996 tv movie ?
where was luther born ?
who defines what constitutes a patient-doctor relationship ?
when did a plague-ridden ship land in norway ?
what organization predicted that the amazon forest could survive only three years of drought ?
who governed the central region in the yuan ?
what was named " the tesla " in his honor ?
when did gerhard lessing reach his conclusions about luther ?
who stated a change of the length of the rhine ?
what measure of a computational problem broadly defines the inherent difficulty of the solution ?
what rank for most populous city in the european union does warsaw hold ?
what is the second phase of the digitization project ?
what health problem did tesla have in 1879 ?
what is the name of the desert on the border of arizona ?
in what years did doctor who originally show on tv ?
what is an example of a steam-powered automobile ?
who can be in the victorian cabinet ?
when did tesla come to the us ?
approximately how many objects comprise the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art ?
the region spans starting at islands found in which body of water ?
how was the school able to bring aboard the best talented students ?
which district in fresno is known as the center for the heavy metal community ?
what are the most powerful class of anti-inflammatory drugs ?
when did he make the quoted remarks about super bowl 50 ?
what is the name of another compelling continuation of the fermat primality test ?
who returned a punt for 61 yards , setting a new super bowl record ?
what attracts the tourists to kenya ?
what is the temperature in the highest portion of the mountain range in winter ?
what type of parenting role does a teacher take on ?
what is involved in a review of prescribed medications ?
what did luther use to celebrate worship ?
what is the mongolian spelling of genghis khan ?
what does the beroe eat ?
what researcher showed that air is a necessity for combustion ?
what molecules act as defense signals ?
besides the v & a 's , whose collections are under the responsibility of conservators at the v & a ?
the immune systems of bacteria have enzymes that protect against infection by what kind of cells ?
what brand of car is manufactured in broadmeadows ?
when was the first known historical reference to immunity ?
what method is used for tallying votes in the second vote of the ballot ?
what rate of unionization do scandinavian nations have ?
what percentage of the vote for a scottish assembly in favor of it ?
what is the name of the bungie inc. founder who is also a university graduate ?
what country is this statistic for ?
where did he begin teaching ?
what was the cost for a half minute ad ?
when did tesla begin researching x-ray imaging ?
how many pounds of steam per kilowatt hour does the energiprojekt ab engine use ?
when was free primary school introduced ?
what was elway 's final game as the denver quarterback ?
where did super bowl 50 take place ?
where is st aloysius ' college located ?
in what theoretical machine is it confirmed that a problem in p belies membership in the np class ?
what position did newton play during super bowl 50 ?
under what law is value of a worker determined ?
what other kind of sport is popular in southern california ?
what do the ten commandments teach christians how to do ?
which treaty provides that the european union law be applied to metropolitan territories of member states ?
what radio network was rca using to eliminate competition in 1940 ?
what does ctenophora use for digestion and respiration ?
what is the public library seen as to kenyans ?
who makes up the student government ?
in sept 1760 who negotiated a capitulation from montreal ?
what does photosynthesis release into the earth 's atmosphere ?
when did the warsaw area enlargement take place ?
who did luther banish ?
which articles of the free movement of workers regulation set out the primary provisions on equal treatment of workers ?
how many victorians are non-religious ?
how long is the term of a judicial council member ?
what is the only story of the original series where doctor who travels alone ?
what is the term of office for each house member ?
what is a main duty of the gphc ?
what increased in the rhine because of the land clearance in the upland areas ?
what reason is given that you should also protest public companies ?
who is the chair of the ipcc ?
in what year will the barack obama presidential center be finished ?
what shape is oedogonium 's chloroplasts ?
how many players have been awarded the most valuable player distinction for the super bowl ?
after the merger between abc and capital cities was completed , what was the resulting company known as ?
along with private individuals and organizations , what groups sometimes runs ergänzungsschulen ?
what reconstructions supported the 1999 paper 's information ?
what was free movement increasingly based on ?
the super bowl 50 host committee said it would be the most what ever ?
what columbia president went to harvard ?
what is an etioplast ?
taking evidence from witnesses is one of committees ' what ?
what does kuznets ' curve predict about income inequality given time ?
what is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ?
what person argues that civil disobedience is used to describe everything ?
why did the exiled polish government in london order the underground home army to seize control of warsaw prior to the arrival of the red army ?
there is growing interest in what indigenous group in the amazon ?
what was the name of börte 's second male child ?
how much did tesla say edison offered him to redesign his motor and generators ?
what treaty took the place of constitutional treaty ?
how long did it take for the theses to spread through europe ?
what is the opposite of an ongoing role of teaching ?
who appoints the board of the european central bank ?
by august 2010 how many public schools did victoria have ?
what was the pedestrian mall renamed ?
when was the lisbon treaty established ?
who applies expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation ?
when did the last glacial start ?
harold winston 's supported which country 's during its six day war ?
in what year did harvard win an intercolleiate sailing association national championship ?
what concept , originally discovered by black , was later discovered independently by watt ?
what is the central article of the christian doctrine ?
what can keep an object from moving when it is being pushed on a surface ?
other than the us and britain what was the other main country that tesla had patents granted ?
when was the brotherhood first banned in egypt ?
who is the current captian of the cricket team ?
what is consultant pharmacy mainly concerned with ?
what is plasmodium ?
where do apicomplexans store energy ?
what do the former midlothian county buildings face ?
what type of forested areas can be found on the highest terrace ?
how man volumes does the the university of chicago library system hold ?
in what year did the first abc identification card have a 3d appearance ?
how long has free movement and trade been central to european development ?
who did luther remind the peasants to obey ?
when did the league go from 15 to 16 games in the regular season ?
where was the location of the colonial government that administered the new colony ?
what kind of service is the skydrive service ?
how much did walt disney want abc to invest in disneyland ?
what is william rankine 's nationality ?
who did peyton manning complete an 18 yard pass to on the opening drive ?
what does the chloroplast peripheral reticulum do ?
what is the name of the region that is not defined by the eight or 10 county definitions ?
who were the defending super bowl champions ?
who has criticized ordering from online pharmacies that do n't require prescriptions ?
what did the non-afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige ?
who were chu'tsai 's forefathers ?
what type of motivators are food and shelter considered ?
what reform was attempted following the nice treaty ?
what investment firm offered to buy the nbc blue network from mark woods ?
what kind of missions are the armed forces regularly deployed for ?
why did luther condemn vows of celibacy ?
the los angeles angels of anaheim are from which sport ?
universal paid for the secret life of pets and which other film trailer ?
besides the walk to the church , what else was left out of the day 's celebration ?
who is welsh medium education available to ?
what name is given to any prime number larger than 2 ?
who operated the vbsn network
what type of microscope is used by petrologists ?
what company paid for a super bowl 50 ad to show a trailer of x-men : apocalypse ?
how many yards did newton get for passes in the 2015 season ?
what were the national elections in 1991 canceled by ?
what other health issues did luther have ?
what is set aside for question periods in the debating chamber ?
what are the 3 post popular libraries for undergraduates in the harvard system ?
the talbot hughes collection was a gift from which company ?
when was the fis founded ?
what development did luther 's hymns translations influence ?
what did the sparks do to the insulation ?
what is st. john 's cathedral an example of , stylistically ?
what is a chlorenchyma cell ?
what is the speed limit set to reduce consumption ?
which oil producer is a close ally of the united states ?
what happened to dane ?
what country has the most factories that pollute the rhine ?
what is kenya the home of ?
how is packet switching charecterized
during what year were citizens or corporations said to not be able to bring claims against other non state parties ?
when was al-nimeiry overthrown ?
what words are inscribed on the mace of parliament ?
what did tesla incorrectly believe about x-rays ?
how many times did the broncos cause turnovers in the game ?
by what means is bulk oxygen shipped ?
what century did the name of the rhine come from ?
what is the clarity of liquid oxygen ?
when was the sale of nbc blue to edward john noble authorized ?
what has partical physics made to describe sub-atomic forces ?
what book was iqbal 's seven english lectures published as ?
how many points did the broncos score in the final three minutes of the pittsburgh game ?
who hosted the bandstand show debuted on abc in 1957 ?
what is the greatest number of members a board of trustees can have ?
what distinguishes stromal thylakoids ?
how old was chopin when he moved to warsaw with his family ?
what type of arts flourished in the yuan ?
from what french king did the huguenot name possibly descend ?
who won super bowl xlix ?
where is the rhine bridge ?
what french animation studio did abc purchase in 1993 ?
how many years had thomas davis played in the league when he broke his arm during the nfc championship game ?
what team received the opening kickoff ?
what is another way of referring to stators ?
which awards show has its rights rotated among the four major networks on a yearly basis ?
who was the ideologue of the iranian revolution ?
who did luther write about , but seldom met ?
what denomination operates st joseph 's college ?
what developmental network was discontinued after the shutdown of abc1 ?
what version of the english translation of the bible did luther 's translation affect ?
in the year 2000 how many square kilometres of the amazon forest had been lost ?
what is the name of the port city that was created ?
who was ralph in charge of being at war with ?
how many times have the panthers been in the super bowl ?
how old were some of the oldest rock samples found on the moon ?
who was influential in promoting the use of chemical compounds as medicines ?
what provided much of the basis for the structure of the parliament in 1995 ?
what is located on the site of the weaving house currently ?
in what venue did super bowl xix take place ?
how many students were enrolled in public schools in victoria ?
what are the eight comb rows on the outer surface called ?
what was loudoun 's plans for 1757 ?
which committee made an effort to invite companies owned by people , who are transgender or gay , to take part in contract business associated with super bowl 50 .
what planet did astrophysisist predict to explain the problems with mercury ?
the flags on the moon left by the u.s. manned apollo missions are all still standing save for which mission 's flag ?
how many tackles did luke kuechly register ?
in what episode did dudley simpson play a music conductor ?
how might gravity effects be observed differently according to newton ?
in what area of the united states did tesla move to ?
in which year was the john jones collection left to the museum ?
what event was the worst example of huguenot persecution ?
what is the atomic number of the element oxygen ?
which french composer wrote ametrical music using prime numbers ?
what do closed rivers serve as after they close ?
what is the hypersensitive response of a plant immune system ?
europe first colonized the americas , then asia , but what continent was third ?
to what gauge have some lines been changed in the west of victoria ?
what did the particle do to tesla ?
the rhine gorge is between koblenz and what other city ?
who are commonly associated with the algorithm typically considered the most effective with respect to finite polynomial hierarchy and graph isomorphism ?
in what year did tesla demonstrate his alternating current system ?
which young general did genghis khan send to conquer qara khitai ?
what effect does trade with richer countries have on the workers in poorer countries ?
what directly correlates with the country 's economic performance and wealth distribution ?
what is the main religion in kenya ?
how many games did the broncos lose during their regular 2015 season ?
from what military branch did mueller recruit managers from ?
what is the nickname of the female master ?
when had the plague reached alexandria ?
which university has its origins in a school dealing with medicine and surgery ?
who developed the lithium-ion battery ?
what does political pressure push to extend to compensate for stagnating purchasing power ?
how do academic results in former model c schools compare to other schools ?
when was san francisco voted to be the location for super bowl 50 ?
where does the diatom endosymbiont store starch ?
who fought in the great northern war ?
what element makes up almost half of the earth 's crust by mass ?
what is the colloquial phrase used to convey the continuum of algorithms with unlimited availability irrespective of time ?
what receptors do tumor cells often have reduced concentrations of ?
what type of support does co-teaching provide ?
why do some people chose to go to jail for their disobedience ?
if someone is being taught at their place of residence , what is it called ?
what was old briton 's response to celeron ?
what do critics think the cause of problems with modern schooling is ?
who challenged kublai khan 's right to succeed mongke khan ?
what proposed attacks did shirley plan ?
what style of sensing do scientist like to use to measure global radiance ?
what year did the carolina panthers form ?
approximately how many textiles comprise the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art ?
who composed the original doctor who theme ?
what are sometimes present in the boiler 's firebox crown ?
what completed the triad
who won the nobel prize in 1905 ?
in 2011 , who was the first player to be chosen in the nfl draft ?
who headlined the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
what present-day area was this settlement near ?
what factor may make a teacher 's role vary ?
when did the german army reoccupy rhineland ?
the largest objects in the v & a ceramics and glass collection were produced during which time period ?
what was the purpose of loudoun 's troops at fort henry ?
how many women were employed in construction in 2011 ?
what is the name of the two-tentacled cydippid that feedsentirely on salps called ?
what was the colonia agrippina 's original name ?
what company was in its last year for getting super bowl commercials at a big discount ?
what did mongols worship ?
how many of the following three fourth quarter drives after the field goal makng the score 16-10 ended in punts ?
what order did british make of french ?
super bowl 50 decided the nfl champion for what season ?
what is an example of an immunosuppressive drug that prevents t cell activity by altering signal transduction pathways ?
how many square kilometers is the amazon basin ?
after apollo missions 18 and 19 were cancelled , what happened to the saturn vs that were never used ?
who provided spanish-language commentary alongside raul allegre ?
how old was tesla when he died ?
what was disney-abc domestic television previously known as ?
when did john wesley provide a revised version of the book of common prayer ?
each of the extended metropolitan areas has a population that exceeds what number ?
what were the structures built by the soviets typical of ?
what is the largest independent library outside of london ?
what else contributes to jacksonville 's summer storms other than land heating beside the water ?
how did the islamic group 's campaign to overthrow the government turn out ?
when was the santer commission censured by parliament ?
what are the three primary expressions used to represent case complexity ?
which organizations most commonly divide and promote the state ?
during the compression stage of the rankine cycle , what state is the working fluid in ?
what is there a push for in the u.s. to reduce consumer drug costs ?
who is seen as the ultimate climate change authority ?
who was the founder of cbs ?
who acts as laborer , paymaster , and design team for a renovation project ?
when was abc1 discontinued because of low viewership ?
when was there a armed protest at ballarat about mining taxes ?
what kind of memory was tesla thought to have ?
what did the italian government fail to do in francovich v italy ?
where does khomeini 's beliefs fall as compared to mawdudi and qutb ?
how many victorians are buddhist ?
how are the total numbers of seats allocated to parties ?
in what part of the 19th century were steam turbines introduced ?
what was isiah bowman nick name , as known by the public .
in general , what were teachers paid in the past ?
what title was given to genghis khan posthumously ?
what is an example of a controlled substance ?
in the most basic sense what did a turing machine emulate ?
in what years did spain and portugal join the european union ?
sophocles demonstrated civil disobedience in a play that was called ?
how significant was the transfer of disease through fleas ?
what document formed the parliament of victoria ?
what countries are the doctor who dvds available to purchase ?
what is the house of tides ?
when would a person be considered to be excising a constitutional impasse ?
the house of the baryczko merchant family is a notable example of what type of architecture ?
who deployed its army into afghanistan in 1979 ?
cells of the site of an infection in a plant undergo what process to prevent spread of the disease ?
what is the ranking of the military forces in jacksonville ?
what type of measurements result under schrodinger equations when using operators instead of newtonian variables ?
what has a bigger impact on the united states ' economy more than trade ?
what was luther 's disputation of martin luther on the power and efficacy of indulgences later called ?
if parliament agrees in a vote to the general principle of a bill , what does it then proceed to ?
from what distance could the artificial thunder be heard .
what force acts on an object suspended on a spring scale in addition to gravity ?
what must be passed using democratic means by the entire school community ?
why have mongolian politicians considered regulating the use of genghis khan 's name ?
when was the last time california hosted a super bowl ?
when did the rhine stop being the roman boundary ?
who led the in house design studies for nasa ?
what river runs alongside jacksonville ?
what other doctrines did luther disavow about saints ?
what is being overhauled as part of the improvement works ?
what is a protein that is closely intertwined with circadian rhythms ?
who did kubiak take the place of after super bowl xxiv ?
what usually takes reenergized electrons ?
what are construction managers ?
where does the council meet ?
in what decade was seafloor spreading discovered ?
what does oxygen therapy promote the body to take up ?
when was the concept of a social market economy introduced into eu law ?
in what year was the first geological map of the u.s. produced ?
who produced the first geological map of the u.s. ?
under what treaty can the european commission take action against member states ?
what do you use to let idea strings switch direction ?
who is viewed as the first modern geologist ?
who started at tight end for the panthers ?
what profession did martin 's father want his son to pursue ?
how many people were involved in the study ?
who said the homeless in the area would have to leave ?
what do bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera have in common ?
what can cause fluctuations in the production of corn ?
what are one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system ?
what skin-related symptom appears from the pneumonic plague ?
what prohibits atoms from passing through each other ?
approximately how many british oil paintings does the museum have ?
the riba 's drawing collection of what italian architect is considered the largest in the world ?
what mainline station is to the east of the city center ?
noble acquired a loan from what entity to keep abc solvent in 1951 ?
what microsoft ceo is also an alumni of the university of chicago ?
what type of exercise does research show receives a boost in performance from oxygen ?
what was the name of the 50th anniversary show ?
how early did luther say he had to awaken every day ?
what class sizes can make keeping order difficult ?
what troops attacked fort william henry in early 1757 ?
in what series did abc present it 's 1950s film adaptations in ?
what city was the media event held for super bowl 50 ?
what was the final score of super bowl 50 ?
what two artists came out with coldplay during the half-time show ?
how many people belong to the university 's board of trustees ?
who holds the record for largest simulcast of a tv drama ?
what are harvard 's pell grant reserves ?
what is a connection identifier
who made their super bowl commercial debut with nintendo ?
what term did he use for what he believed would be humanity 's future rulers ?
approximately how many architectural photographs does the v & a hold in its collection ?
which entity developed the principles of european union law ?
when do plastoglobuli occur in linked groups ?
what are environmentalists concerned about losing in the amazon forest ?
why are coastal species tough ?
how many passengers a year does the rail network in newcastle carry ?
who might be responsible for student discipline ?
what is the dutch name for the rhine ?
how many nations contain " amazonas " in their names ?
what did john dalton think that all elements were in number present in compounds ?
who provides the bill of quantities ?
how many lakes are there in warsaw ?
which company owns abc ?
what made luther even more short tempered than usual ?
what types of pumps are typically used in industrial boilers ?
what do scholars agree on about the posting on the door story ?
who assisted wesley with ordaining whatcoat and vasey as presbyters ?
along with sport and art , what is a type of talent scholarship ?
which direction did the rhine flow during the last cold phase ?
where is the home of the sunnyside country club ?
in what compound is oxygen found in small amounts in the atmosphere ?
what was cancelled by nasa after the apollo 6 testing , after deeming the saturn v ready to hold men ?
when did the north american french and indian war end ?
of what nationality was martin luther ?
what is one supplementary source of european union law ?
what do you have to cross to reach the chloroplast in many secondary plastids ?
what aspects of life does islamism seek to integrate itself into ?
what is the chloroplast double membrane sometimes compared to ?
what happens to reactive oxygen species signals since they do n't leave the chloroplast ?
who originally produced wide world of sports for abc ?
what panther defender was called for holding on third down ?
what was zia-ul-haq accused of using islamization to legitimize ?
what do the words kirinyaga , kirenyaa , and kiinyaa mean ?
what is one factor that increases the importance of the pharmacy performing at a high level ?
who kicked the field goal for denver on the first drive of super bowl 50 ?
for what nation did ribault initially claim what is now jacksonville ?
besides viniculture , what 's a dominant economic sector of the middle rhine ?
what did germanic tribes establish with help from the rhine ?
what language is used in chinese primary schools in malaysia ?
who would the occupation alienate ?
how many yards did newton throw for in 2015 ?
what kind of audience share did mnf allow abc to attain according to goldenson ?
along with the cisce and nenbse , what is a notable examination board in multiple indian states ?
how many stages did the saturn v end up having ?
how much did disney sell it 's stake in eurosport for in 2000 ?
who wrote the paper that the " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " graph was based on ?
after what event did the spanish concede florida to britain ?
what might starch grains be a side effect of ?
how many examination boards exist in india ?
what is the name of san francisco 's stadium when looked at as a possibility for super bowl 50 ?
how many were in langlades expedition ?
what did paul rose say luther added to german thought ?
what is the atmosphere in a school using popularly based authority ?
who designed the wrought iron gates that was used to embellish the east side of the building ?
what was the first super bowl to use the standardized logo template ?
where do nucleomorph genes transfer to ?
how many total tackles did charles johnson have in super bowl 50 ?
what is generally considered to be the most basic iteration of a turing machine ?
where did he work on the oscillators ?
what secret did he sever family ties to keep hidden ?
what is the scale used to measure the strength of hurricanes called ?
what movements pursued a more radical direction ?
what do coastal beroids not have that other ctenophora have ?
after braddock died , who controlled north american british forces ?
what rainforest covers the majority of the amazon basin in south america ?
how much capital did uk law require to start a company ?
what was used to accelerate the tungsten pellets ?
what shape are plastoglobuli ?
in what years did the show see audiences as high as 12 million ?
what are muroplasts ?
what does the acronym fis stand for ?
how much was the 1994 earthquake estimated to have cost ?
what religion did henry renounce upon ascending the throne ?
before he died , what did tesla 's father ask him to do ?
how are the pyrenoid and thylakoids arranged ?
what has caused oxfam 's findings to be questioned ?
where had the mongol capital been before kublai moved it ?
what " war " was tesla involved in ?
what medical appliance can be a concern for oxygen toxicity ?
who was chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations ?
in what year did abc launch the movie of the week ?
what party had a victory in the 2015 uk election ?
what does refusing to preach the ten commandments not do ?
what fueled luther 's concept of christ and his salvation ?
what was a plugs-out test done to simulate on the lc-34 ?
how many academic units make up the school ?
harvard - yale regatta predates " the game " by how many years ?
what foreign bodies , which are older than the rocks themselves , occur igneous rocks ?
how many other important people sent letters ?
why were the uighurs ranked higher by the mongols ?
when the rhine emerges from lake constance which way does it flow ?
what crew sent the first ever live images of the earth and moon to earth ?
who was one of the earliest examples of civil disobedience against ?
on what river does warsaw stand ?
what was the name of the set top box manufacturer that bskyb was having issues with ?
what project did leonard goldenson offer to invest in before the canadian radio-television commission ruled against abc ?
what cable provider did abc reach an agreement with in 1993 to carry it 's owned-and-operated stations in abc o & o markets ?
what has a lama determined to do ?
what educational study did luther start to pursue and immediately drop ?
who played quarterback for the broncos after peyton manning was benched ?
because of certain statements what was the believed state of his religious views ?
why has warsaw seen many improvements over the past decade ?
what evidence between and among complexity classes would signify a theoretical watershed for complexity theory ?
what doctor who spin-off only made it as far as a pilot episode ?
people behaving with civil disobedience that is not-violent is said to make society have more of what ?
what is the scientific designation of oxygen ?
who makes decisions in between the four-year meetings ?
how many yards was the mcmanus field goal ?
how many chloroplast lineages are there ?
what is the translation of siebengebirge ?
how many episodes were in the daleks ' master plan ?
what weapon did marco pole report as the cause of genghis khan 's death ?
what voyager said that mombasa was a great harbour and moored small crafts and great ships ?
besides drugs , what else do specialty pharmacies provide ?
whose principles were the principle of faunal succession built upon ?
what forced the cancellations of three future landings ?
when was tesla brought to gospic ?
what is the most controversial aspect of imperialism ?
when was time warner cable forced to restore abc stations to affected markets ?
which festival is held in newcastle 's gay community in mid-july ?
what do weak labor movement correlate with ?
which party is currently the largest among political party lines ?
what is more fundamental than force in quanton field theory ?
besides combustion , for what other action did mayow show nitroaereus responsible ?
where was the 1857 riot ?
what magazine did tesla talk to about the strange signals ?
what do pyrenoids look like ?
what type of antenna was used for communication on the lunar flights ?
what conditions must be met for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid ?
what percentage of seats did political parties identifying as islamist win in the egyptian parliamentary election of 2011-2012 ?
how many miles from the north sea is newcastle ?
how many botanical gardens does warsaw have ?
why do firms substitute equipment for workers ?
what is referred to as the diamond strip ?
where is much of the work of the scottish parliament done ?
who was tesla 's secretary ?
what are two factors that directly effect how powerful a turing machine may or may not be ?
which tfeu article states that states are exempt from infringing on rights of establishment when they exercise official authority ?
what future revolutionary key figures participated in this attack ?
at what point in the day was the couple married ?
what is a course of study called ?
what was the hymn based on ?
what do a number of researchers think a shortage of is caused in part by income inequality ?
what is commonly believed to be the value relationship between p and co-np
who was the hostage ?
what was the number of customers that the bbc reported had yet to receive the service due to failed deliveries ?
under normal conditions , what do two atoms of oxygen form ?
what was the name of the eastern half of the colony of 1788 ?
what part of france were the normans located ?
what was the name of the tangut capital ?
in 1500 ad how many people were believed to have lived in the amazon region ?
what organization offers monetary awards for identifying primes with at least 100 million digits ?
for what size natural number does bertrand 's postulate hold ?
when did syria and egypt launch a surprise attack on israel ?
why is it important to precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section ?
when did walt disney productions purchase abc 's shares in the disneyland theme park ?
what year marked the lowest ratings for the drama lost ?
what flood impacted the meuse ?
who was in command of the german military forces ?
who tackled ronnie hillman for a loss of yardage ?
what organization did harvard found in 1900 ?
who claimed that the name black death first appeared in 1631 ?
where did tesla and twain hang out ?
what an the freeman of newcastle do with their cows on the town moor ?
according to the princeton review where has harvard ranked as a " dream college " in 2013
what do wages work in the same way as for any other good ?
why does the rhine water fall into depths at the rheinbrech ?
what is one problem with internet pharmacies ?
what team did the panthers defeat ?
which c1622-23 sculpture by bernini are included in the sculpture collection ?
jamboree business parks belongs to which business center ?
what part of cryptophyte chloroplasts is similar to chlorarachniophytes ?
for which doctor did keff mcculloch provide the theme ?
how many of the mau mau did home gaurd kill ?
what sort of continental sculptors are represented in the british galleries of the v & a ?
what resource is the economy of southern california depedent on ?
what type of delta is the rhine-meuse ?
what modern company has been notably working on a steam engine using modern materials ?
what is the receptor that killer t cells use to bind to specific antigens that are complexed with the mhc class 1 receptor of another cell ?
what report had the correct date ?
what year did doctor who win a peabody award ?
what does a writer for the international crisis group think the concept of political islam is a creation of ?
when was this edict declared ?
in what year did abc agree to finance disneyland ?
how may yards did peyton manning throw ?
how many original treaties establishing the eu protected fundamental rights ?
luther went to bed quoting what scripture ?
what senate committee did singer speak to in july 2000 ?
when did the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta begin ?
what is blamed for causing the sharp drop in fish catches in the black sea and the sea of azov ?
where was itv tyne tees based for over 40 years ?
what has successfully dealt with ozone depletion ?
how many cameras did eyevision 360 utilize ?
what is polish for " mermaid " ?
how old was tesla when he became a citizen of the us ?
what root problem can cause starch buildup ?
what happens secondly if a directive 's deadline is not met ?
what is the name of the first doctor who serial ?
where is the european court of justice likely to get inspiration from ?
how did tesla attend the university ?
what swiss city was the center of the calvinist movement ?
who wrote a pamphlet outlining the radical ideas of the extremists ?
what type of commutative ring does the lasker–noether theorem express every ideal as an intersection of primary ideals in ?
which mongol leader completed the conquest of kievan rus ' ?
why might customers order from internet pharmacies ?
when is the oldest armed seal of warsaw from ?
what months out of the year is woodward park open ?
who discovered pottery found on black hammock island ?
who elects the members of the european parliament ?
how many universities does newcastle have ?
what tribes were in father le loutre 's war ?
in what language were the classes given ?
what did temüjin offer jamukha after the latter 's defeat ?
who was abc 's vice-president of engineering ?
what is the vast disparities in wealth attributed to by socialists ?
who developed datapac
the adaptive immune system recognizes non-self antigens during a process called what ?
who appoints elders ?
in what episode did doctor who acknowledge having had a brother ?
when was a third visit to mnafeld scheduled ?
who wrote the poem the mark of anarchy ?
where was the baltimore christmas conference of 1784 held ?
what is an anda ?
why did french feel they had right to ohio claim ?
what kind of territories are being destroyed by ecocide in the amazon ?
why is the building on spital tongues known as the pink palace ?
what kind of affect did luther often use in his discourses ?
what is the name of the gallery devoted to chinese art ?
why does competition among workers drive down wages ?
what television trend are charlies angels and three 's company an example of ?
where will the 2009 international arts fair be held ?
when was the drainage basin of the amazon believed to have split in the middle of south america ?
where did old briton call home ?
what was tesla likely to do with his work ?
what is the most important item for civil disobedience to follow through ?
what makes red algae red ?
le grand states that students studying civil disobedience will often run into grammatical niceties and what other problem ?
what are chares ?
who , with jim nantz , was a member of the game 's lead broadcast team ?
what did this agitation provide later generations material for ?
how many french colonists were gained by british ?
what helped the lama determine to be reborn ?
under goldenson 's merger plan , what would the new entity be named ?
where do ctenophora live ?
what is the second busiest container port in the united states ?
what are the two processing facilities in the neighborhood ?
how many city officials were indicted due to corruption ?
when did the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church ?
what is the grace that " goes before us ? "
in what cases can the eu not override german law ?
which nfl team represented the afc at super bowl 50 ?
who designed salamanca ?
with what european country did the huguenots feel kinship for emigration to ?
what did luther write as an outline of the new faith ?
who was the director of the american geographical society in 1914 ?
when did luther receive a degree in biblical studies ?
what is the name of the winter festival held in january that is based on fitness ?
what type of organism are cyanobacteria ?
how did huguenots evolve their religious beliefs in the new world ?
besides the radicals who else did luther have to deal with ?
how many visitors did the britain can make it exhibition attract ?
what symbol was employed until early in the 20th century ?
who was the game 's leading rusher ?
what type of layout does newcastle 's streets have in many parts ?
for about how long would the extended lm allow a surface stay on the moon ?
who recovered the fumble and ran the ball in for a touchdown ?
what other inventor did he work with ?
how many miles across the atlantic ocean does saharan dust travel ?
who was announced as the lem contractor in november 1962 ?
when will roman numerals be used again to denote the super bowl number ?
who received the pass that was ruled incomplete and confirmed after a challenge ?
what other city has hosted the super bowl ten times ?
along with location , endowment and the willingness of parents to pay , what factor influences private school tuition ?
in the process of vaccination , what is introduced in order to develop a specific immunity ?
when did abc begin airing dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve ?
what mechanism moves coal from a bunker to the firebox ?
in lands attributed to what tribe are found remains of large settlements ?
what enables the scottish parliament to scrutinize the government ?
in cases with shared medium how is it delivered
what is one example of a unique factorization domain ?
at what temperature will oxygen condense ?
what did the new mass allow as regards ceremony ?
which group seeks to reconceive and promote biblical holiness in today 's church ?
which museum would receive items on loans from the musical instruments gallery ?
when was the last season that this original theme was used ?
the rhine redistributes into the ijssel and what other body ?
what trade was the city an important center of in the 14th century ?
what was the shape that faget designed for the apollo command module ?
how much did tesla sell his ac patents to westinghouse electric for ?
what exchange in warsaw is one of the most important for central and eastern europe ?
how would the capabilities approach achieve it 's goal ?
who has elected the president of warsaw since 1990 ?
where was the gate of king hugo ?
what impact does workers working harder have on productivity of a business ?
where are pyrenoids found ?
what did newcastle university win in 2000 ?
what was intended for the site of the former boiler house ?
what year did the flood that impacted the meuse take place ?
how long is the upper rhine plain ?
why is warsaw 's flora very rich in species ?
which running back did the panthers waive ?
what company had a contest to win a free super bowl commercial ?
how many private schools existed in new zealand in april 2014 ?
how many msps are there ?
whose thesis states that the solution to a problem is solvable with reasonable resources assuming it allows for a polynomial time algorithm ?
what pope as a native of poland ?
what church runs some private schools in victoria ?
besides death wish coffee , how many other competitors participated in the contest ?
what is the estimate of how many physicians give out drugs on their own ?
what kind of coronation happened ?
when was the construction that changed the rhine 's delta ?
what was the name given to the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum ?
when was the royal university of warsaw established ?
bacteria often secrete what kind of proteins to ingest a physical barrier ?
for what type of music was doctor who considered a pioneer ?
what does the internal cavity contain ?
what does a turing machine handle on a strip of tape ?
what 's the biggest difference in the teaching relationship for primary and secondary school ?
what was the corporate entity american broadcasting-paramount theatres renamed in 1965 ?
when did the egyptian islamic jihad assassinate anwar sadat ?
name an extra that was added to the production of the compacts .
how many lines does the commuter rail system have ?
what conjecture holds that there is an infinite amount of twin primes ?
what right do private schools have that public schools do n't ?
what was the name of the 50th anniversary episode ?
where is a teacher most likely to be teaching at ?
how can someone be recognized as local church lay servant ?
what is beta carotene ?
what causes strain in structures ?
what was the name of the legislation passed in 1850 ?
what are the agents the immune system detects known as ?
although some acadians went to france and other destiantions , what north american city did many move to ?
who figured out that his law of gravity had to be universal ?
how long did plague last in the ottoman empire ?
what alternate payment did edison offer tesla ?
when did the last batch of students that followed the former system graudate ?
how would one write t ( n ) = 7n2 + 15n + 40 in big o notation ?
how many catholic schools were in victoria ?
what is the largest co-ed independent school in newcastle ?
what organization is devoted to jihad against israel ?
who proved that air is necessary for combustion ?
what life process produces oxygen in the presence of light ?
whose tune did luther adapt for the hymn of psalm 67 ?
where did tesla work in 1888 ?
of what material were the death rays pellets made ?
who developed the same technology as baran
where is audra mcdonald from ?
what would the local council of newcastle like to link their local bike networks to ?
during what time did the rainforest spanned a narrow band ?
what is harvard 's total financial aid reserves ?
what talk show followed immediately after super bowl 50 on cbs ?
how many total judges are there in the eu ?
when did zhu publish 'jade mirror of the four unknowns ' ?
when was the confederation of the rhine ?
what sort of design was this motor ?
semen contains what in order to kill pathogens ?
what was the name of the locomotive that debuted in 1808 ?
what is the bond order of dioxygen molecules ?
what can concentrated oxygen produce ?
how many total touchdowns did cam newton score ?
when does the annual animal migration occur ?
how high did the doctor who theme go on the radio charts ?
how much did it cost to build levi 's stadium ?
in an ideal moral society , what would all citizens be free from ?
what is the status of most chloroplast genes in the mitochondrion ?
who sold the upper rhine to burgundy ?
what do students do after primary school ?
if two integers are multiplied and output a value , what is this expression set called ?
what company took over edison machine works ?
what did the apple system assign automatically
what type of architecture is represented in the majestic churches ?
what does the plos pathogen paper claim ?
how many students have received unwanted sexual attention from a teacher or other education figure ?
what is another type of public key cryptography algorithm ?
what tribes supported british ?
what comedy block debuted in 1989 for abc ?
what group initiated the community dialogues ?
what group of people performed revolutionary civil disobedience toward the austrian government ?
when was the doctor who series released on dvd ?
what did luther form in 1525 to 1529 ?
where in south carolina did huguenot nobility settle ?
how long did phillips manage the apollo missions ?
what was the english title of polo 's book ?
what is the victoria state bird ?
at what rate is orange county developing its business centers ?
what scripture did luther use to back up his opinion that churchmen were not infallible ?
what is the name associated with the eight areas that make up a part of southern california ?
what types of diseases are specialty drugs often used against ?
where was media day for super bowl 50 held ?
what team did justin tucker play for ?
what is an example of a problem that rests within the np complexity class ?
what year was setanta sports awarded primeier leage rights to broadcast ?
what is a ligand on the cell surface that is upregulated after helper t cell activation ?
what is the taskforce that was organized to identify with the pro-life position ?
full size working engines on what vehicles sometimes use oscillating cylinder steam engines ?
what other activities does the unfccc require the ipcc to run ?
what did tesla do in december 1878 ?
charleston settler elie prioleau was from what french town ?
what was a similar view about the asian continent called ?
when iqbal promoted ideas of greater islamic political unity , what did he encourage ending ?
for whom was the small catechism meant ?
of what did da vinci think a part was consumed during combustion ?
which set of countries have higher economic mobility than the united states ?
who was exempt from the meritocratic principles of the mongol empire ?
what other projectiles did tesla compare the electric particles to ?
who is one prominent advocate of this theory ?
cities that anchor the regions are often the hub for what kind of activity ?
how long after a banquet with tugh temur did kusala die ?
what was the time on the clock when carolina got the ball to their 24-yard line in the fourth quarter ?
what was persistent unemployment have a negative effect on ?
how much did sky bid to win the 4 broadcast pacakges they bought ?
how old are the gravestones that reference the plague ?
what , when combined with a large workload , can contribute to occupational stress ?
when were some of luther 's best-known works published ?
who recovered the strip ball ?
what western was a flagship program for abc around 1954 ?
who was the jin dynasty defector who betrayed the location of the jin army ?
how many affiliates did abc have in 1949 ?
what is ppp ?
what genus has self-fertilization been seen ?
other than the san diego metropolitan area , what other area are the communities along interstates 15 and 215 connected with ?
who will carry the game throughout all of north america ?
southern california is second to which island in terms of famous serf breaks ?
how many teams has manning played for that reached the super bowl , while he was on their team ?
what is the governing committee that voted in favor of a proposal that would permit ministers to officiate same-sex weddings ?
how many people do historians estimate genghis khan killed in the iranian plateau ?
which californio is located in the upper part ?
how much food does a ctenophora eat in a day ?
what is the name of the country 's longest continuously running student film society ?
what did paul baran develop in the late 1950 's
what has been analyzed to compare amazon rainfall in the past and present ?
what is the latin name for black death ?
what part is added to the uniflow engine to resolve the issue in the counterflow cycle ?
what did luther think was required to stop the violence ?
what would a community member need to teach informally ?
the southern part of the amazon forest was mainly impacted by drought in what year ?
the pleistocene epoch takes place during which period ?
what leader of the swiss reformation was a student of lefevre ?
what did he make the employee do when he did n't like her outfit ?
what governor in charge of new france died in 1752 ?
what is the name of the current refurbishment the system is undergoing ?
what was redesigned during the apollo program being grounded during 1970 ?
what did wiesner shout out in front of the press during a presentation by von braun ?
how many prime numbers exist ?
how did luther describe his time in the order ?
what month , every four years , are the ordinary general elections held on ?
how much do estimations of the population during the plague vary ?
when was warsaw completely razed to the ground by bombing raids ?
what does the capabilities approach look at poverty as a form of ?
what is an abbreviation for the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ?
what year did iqbal return to lahore ?
what changes macroscopic closed system energies ?
what year did genghis khan die ?
what gameshow featuring newly married people was debuted by abc in july 1966 ?
who designed the vince lombardi trophy ?
in what direction does the mountain system extend ?
what doctor who mini-episode was shown during the prom ?
how much of paris ' population was killed by the plague ?
what film did lionsgate pay to have the trailer aired during the super bowl ?
how many people were lost in algiers during 1620-21 ?
who was limited by denver 's defense ?
when did doctor who win an award for best drama series ?
what has the highest impact on wealth accumulation and the resulting income inequality ?
what proportion of the general population in the area than became iran did genghis khan kill ?
how far apart are some of the neighborhood 's features ?
while producing oxygen , what gas does a zeolite sieve absorb ?
what did the the europeans think the peoples in the tropics were in need of ?
when did the earliest examples of civil disobedience as a whole occur ?
what nationality are researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett ?
where does the secondary theory say most genes are kept ?
how much damage does breathing oxygen in space conditions cause ?
what surrounds chloroplasts ?
what british general negotiated at montreal ?
which government entity helped to pay for the festivities , beyond businesses and individuals ?
whose activities were the french able to gain knowledge of ?
when was nikola tesla born ?
what is the redundant concept coming from momentum conservation ?
how much of the sun is made up of oxygen ?
how is packet switching characterized
which artist has a piece of his artwork located at the fulton mall ?
who could be the subjects of a teacher 's college investigation ?
what even is the earliest known reference to immunity ?
what class of ships is an example of large passenger liners ?
why do stromules exist ?
who formed the universal theory of gravitation ?
what are the secondary sources of primary law ?
how much of the gdp was agriculture in 2005 ?
what did temüjin offer the people he conquered in order earn their loyalty ?
how far is jacksonville from miami ?
what can people work towards if they are n't denied their functionings , capabilities and agency ?
what is the chemical that mediates type 1 hypersensitivity ?
when did tesla admit to a reporter that maybe he 'd sacrificed too much by not having a relationship ?
what did tesla dress in while in tominaj ?
who was the male singer who performed as a special guest during super bowl 50 ?
what pushed up the pyrenees ?
what does it take a country with high inequality longer to achieve ?
which direction did the disease first move in ?
what tv station showed the broadcasts of the original doctor who series ?
what republic has maintained its control of iran ?
what does education in an area where there is high demand for workers tend to create ?
what is the low-power station that serves birmingham , alabama for abc ?
what type of impact can the residents of newcastle expect the city 's noise to have on them ?
in which article does the treaty of lisbon prohibit anti-competitive agreements ?
how many yards was the field goal that made the score 13-7 in super bowl 50 ?
teaching christians how they should live is what use of the law ?
what kind of t cells kill cells that are infected with pathogens ?
which neighborhood lies west of the 41 freeway ?
which border does the rhine flow from the south ?
what do clinical pharmacists often participate in ?
which player did the panthers lose to an acl injury in a preseason game ?
what is the highest level of the umc ?
who made early colour videos of the show ?
how many courses must a local lay servant take ?
what famous artist later further investigated philo 's experiments ?
what is the only organization which may speak officially for the church ?
what happens when business underpays their workers ?
which theorem can be simplified to the lasker–noether theorem ?
which mongol conqueror was most celebrated by the mughal emperors ?
what is wasted by rubisco 's flaw ?
how did the better jacksonville plan generate money ?
what dynasty came after the yuan ?
who was named president of disney-abc television group in 2004 ?
what was the disneyland anthology series retitled in 1958 ?
what city served as poland 's capital in 1313 ?
the rhine and what other river drained the northern flanks of the alps ?
what causes pauli repulsion ?
what social construct did huguenot refugees in canterbury practice ?
in what year did jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont patent a water pump for draining mines ?
what did luther think the study of law meant ?
what is the gender income inequality in bahrain ?
what makes ctenophores different from all other animals ?
what type of t cells help with both innnate and adaptive immunity ?
suzuki chokichi 's incense burner dated 1875 is made of what from material ?
what book recognizes the importance of the chalcedonian creed ?
who was tesla trying to photograph when he accidentally took the x-ray image ?
how many yards did denver have for super bowl 50 ?
to calculate instant angular acceleration of a rigid body what would you use ?
when were theories developed suggesting inequality may have some positive effect on economic development ?
why did the police bring tesla back to gospic ?
what was tugh temur known for ?
who among genghis khan 's subjects shared similar privileges to his close family members ' ?
for which abc movie of the week film did steven spielberg first gain success ?
what radio station in south carolina carried the super bowl 50 game ?
if the apparant force of two fermions is repulsive , what is the spin function ?
who was mueller replaced as associate administrator ?
soon after gaining florida , what did the english do ?
what are two of its subsystems ?
what was the name of the first doctor who story released as an lp ?
how many cinemas are currently housed at one site ?
who was the first european to travel the amazon river ?
up to what age do students in the united kingdom attend preparatory schools ?
who took isaacs place as provost in 2016 ?
when did carl wilhelm scheele discover oxygen ?
what is a twin prime ?
what are frets ?
who used imperialism during their rule of the mongol empire ?
what dual titles did frederick william hold ?
who has composed the doctor who incidental music since 2005 ?
what did article 65 of the ecsc ban ?
where was france concentraing efforts ?
who is the designer of the " 50 ? "
what type of government investigations apply to civil disobedience ?
how is chloroplast replication observed ?
what is luther 's thought about the extent of his church ?
what practice do some internet pharmacies engage in ?
what does the marginal value added by an economic actor determine ?
who pointed out that the passage under dispute actually refers to a living man ?
what is it called when there is an active attempt to overthrow a government or belief system ?
what well-known archeologist believed the amazon did n't have many inhabitants ?
what did the court of justice reason were controlled in all member states in josemans v burgemeester van maastricht ?
when was scotland invaded by william ?
where did tesla go to feed the pigeons daily ?
what studio does abc own at 1500 broadway in nyc ?
what year did bskyb and microsoft announce their settlement ?
what leader led the dutch revolt and wrote apologie ?
what did microsoft announce that it would rename sky drive to ?
what feature of the shah 's army enable the weary mongol forces easy early victories ?
how many first downs did the broncos have in super bowl 50 ?
what did philo incorrectly assume that the air became ?
which american show changed the views of romanians during the cold war ?
what was it called when tesla lit a wireless gas-discharge lamp using a high-frequency , high-voltage alternating current ?
what bacteria lives inside a protective capsule that serves to prevent cell lysis ?
how is the judicial branch of the eu an important factor in the development of eu law ?
who created the code that governed military and civilian conduct in the mongol empire ?
when did oil finally returned to its bretton woods levels ?
what is the full official city name of warsaw ?
what did the mongol elites wish buyantu did n't do ?
what city did super bowl 50 take place in ?
what was the secondary endosymbiotic event ?
what is the largest main branch of the rhine ?
what is the current number of electors currently in a scottish parliament constituency ?
who recovered ward 's fumble ?
an adobe that provides less utility to one person than another is an example of reduced what ?
what are teachers considered to be in germany ?
what did luther tell the legate about the papacy ?
what football associated thing started at justin herman plaza in january ?
what type of system takes students from one specialist to another for each subject ?
who analyzes rock samples from drill cores in the lab ?
what titles are the president given ?
what was the nickname for the test where , during abort mode , the ascent engine was started and fired ?
other than san bernardino , what is the name of the other city that maintains the districts including university town ?
which species are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals ?
what is the upper house of the parliament of victoria called ?
what tool do stratigraphers use to see their data in three dimensions ?
how long was he in bed from cholera ?
what kind of influence does the gulf stream exert on newcastle ?
what mathematician was also apart of the university 's faculty ?
what year was the invasion originally shown ?
what is the famous rock near sanke goarshausen ?
how many people are likely to visit justin herman plaza during the week of the super bowl ?
in which year was the salting bequest ?
how are the particle forces and accelerations explained as by gauge bosons exchange ?
when did the accident occur ?
where did france lose a war in the 1950 's ?
how many miles east of berlin is warsaw ?
which mvp died in 2001 ?
developments in which scientists influenced the creation of pharmacology in medieval islam ?
who shared sideline duties with evan washburn ?
what does china 's investment mean for kenya ?
how many streetcars did the fresno traction company operate in 1931 ?
who did luther strike out against in later years ?
which company has been able to air multiple ads at a steep discount ?
what is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members ?
what remain unsolved problems with the kyoto protocol ?
what two doctors does the war doctor exist between ?
where is the neighborhood of sunnyside located in fresno ?
what government department did buyantu shut down ?
what branch is independant of the other branches ?
where were the narrow gauge rail lines built in victoria ?
when did ribault first establish a settlement in south carolina ?
who was delegated command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty ?
when was warsaw 's stock exchange brought back to life ?
what is justifying grace also known as today ?
what shows were released on laserdisc ?
where is the mouth located on the pleuobrachia located ?
who does not take a position on the canonicity of doctor who stories by other media ?
what does the riemann hypothesis state the source of irregularity in the distribution of points comes from ?
when was the merger between itt and abc officially canceled ?
what could anyone do to martin luther without legal consequence ?
in what year was the south african schools act passed ?
what does the umc endorse under strict and effective international control ?
when did the very first plugs-out test occur ?
what is an important factor contributing to inequality for individuals ?
what is the strongest main interaction ?
what event did storch and muntzer help instigate ?
what do c4 plants need ?
what position did tesla accept at the exchange ?
what was the 2007 episode that featured the master 's return ?
what was the resulting channel of the arts merger called ?
what two areas in the republic were first to grant rights to the huguenots ?
what is the power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant compared to that of an internal combustion engine ?
whose society portraits from the late 19th to early 20th centuries does the v & a hold ?
what river is larger than the rhine ?
what was used to sod the levi 's stadium for super bowl 50 ?
what does the name fresno mean in spanish ?
which book by edward said portrayed the east as being the " others ? "
what did industry do to the rhine until the 1980s ?
what event followed the battle ?
which buddhist monastery hosted the genghis khan mausoleum during the japanese occupation ?
what does the sector known as jua kali engage in ?
why was the dutch lawyer who moved to belgium while advising a client in a social society case told he could n't continue ?
what was the average cost for a tv ad lasting 30 seconds during super bowl 50 ?
in what year was a program study done on the modules labeled as block i and block ii ?
who granted newcastle a new charter in 1589 ?
what was the black death originally blamed on ?
how many huguenots emigrated to north america as colonists ?
who commissioned the gateshead milennium bridge ?
what did lavoisier perceive the air had lost as much as the tin had gained
what type/genre of tv show is doctor who ?
when die tesla turn his attention to trying to understand invisible radiant energy ?
what is the eukaryotic parasite responsible for malaria known as ?
what did luther expound to be greater than sin ?
when was the heyday of secular arab nationalism ?
what is another term for the string of a problem instance ?
how many folks died of plague in newcastle in the 1630s ?
what publication printed that the wealthiest 1 % have more money than those in the bottom 90 % ?
of what length are engine cycle events when the simplest valve gears are used ?
which caused the reform to never come into force ?
what did the conflict galvanize muslims around the world to do ?
when is sir pindar 's house dated ?
what is essential for the successful execution of a project ?
what happens to the norm when a number is multiplied by p ?
what year did the the case go before the supreme court ?
in addition to english , what language is also often taught in nepalese private schools ?
when did the fourth doctor appear on cd ?
who decide to make a very large donation to the university 's booth school of business ?
who had worked on the saturn series even before the apollo program began officially ?
in what process is singlet oxygen usually formed ?
what king and former huguenot looked out for the welfare of the group ?
how large are chloroplast ribosomes ?
what were tesla 's sisters ' names ?
how does the secondary theory say most cpdna replicates ?
what did tesla call his electrical effects in 1893 ?
there have been major changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last how many years ?
how do ctenophores control buoyancy ?
what century did the normans first gain their separate identity ?
who invented the first nuclear reactor ?
what was tesla 's father 's original plans for tesla ?
what goal does islamism have when it comes to society and government ?
what did he do with wardenclyffe ?
the art deco style of glassware is represented by which artist ?
where did the normans and byzantines sign the peace treaty ?
what doctor who actor won a best actor award in 2012 ?
which german architect was asked to produce a design for the museum ?
what did higher material living standards lead to for most of human history ?
when was the britain can make it exhibition held ?
of what form are sophie germain primes ?
which country did rewe-zentrale ag wish to import from ?
where was french withdrawal to ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , what was the total umc membership in the u.s. ?
what did tesla work on in 1888 ?
what type of outcomes can even stable markets lead to ?
when did warsaw become the center of the congress poland ?
what do beroids typically eat ?
what is the nickname for the " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " graph ?
when did photosynthetic organisms evolve on earth ?
what did guo shoujing do for calendars ?
what un resolution endorsed the ipcc ?
which doctors were featured in the four doctors ?
which major cities in eastern europe were not destroyed by the mongol invasion ?
what year was the first manned flight with the lunar module scheduled ?
how do chloroplasts trigger the plant 's immune system ?
which parish church in newcastle is typically agreed to be the oldest one in town ?
who did denver beat in the 2015 afc championship game ?
what can faith groups ask the presiding officer to do for them ?
who were the westwood one sideline announcers ?
what revolutionary war midnight rider was a huguenot descendant ?
what does the thylakoid membrane use the energized electrons for ?
when did luther start preaching prophetic faith ?
who created an engine using high pressure steam in 1801 ?
when did o2 begin to acculturate in the atmosphere ?
what site is located in the san francisco bay area ?
who played doctor who on stage in the 70 's ?
what project did harvard halt due to the financial crisis ?
what un secretary went to harvard ?
who made experimental measurements on a model steam engine ?
what year was the last time a fumble return touchdown like this occurred ?
what percent of girls are in prostution in kenyas coastal areas ?
when have humans started impacting the delta ?
what do the services given by pharmacists provide ?
what was the proportion of huguenots to catholics at their peak ?
which super bowl did roger goodell speak about ?
what is one reason a patient might choose an internet pharmacy ?
the 1970s allowed which network to move in to first place in the ratings ?
what do some believe about this pronunciation ?
what is the name of elementary schools ?
how often does doctor who travel by himself ?
what was dalton 's erroneous formula for water ?
who normally supervises a construction job ?
where is corporal punishment practiced the most ?
what about luther declined as his antisemitism increased ?
what has become the secret to economic growth ?
what type of power was displayed at the world 's fair by westinghouse and tesla ?
when did tesla move to new york city ?
what is the name of the professional skateboarder that lives in southern california ?
in what year was the super bowl last held in the miami/south florida area ?
what percentage of electricity was made by steam turbine in the 1990s ?
what happened to the east india trading company in 1767 ?
over how many studies have shown that violence is more common in societies with income differences ?
where is the sculpture gallery now located ?
what is the chloroplast polypeptide synthesized on ?
when did costa v enel take place ?
which group keep the eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parent 's body until they hatch ?
when was king george 's war ?
who is the quarterback for the carolina panthers ?
who has the record of being the oldest quarter back in any super bowl game ?
who played the war doctor ?
how many teams up to super bowl 50 have been to the championship game eight times ?
what are the three largest urban areas in kenya ?
what spacecraft contained data to determine the oxygen content of the sun ?
what was dificult to reconcile the photoelectric effect and the missing ultraviolet catastrophe ?
how many turnovers did cam newton have ?
in what theory is the idea of a number exchanged with that of an ideal ?
who is the parent company of nds ?
what is the name of the cbs affiliate in fresno ?
some of the museum 's collection of korean boxes are inlaid with what objects ?
how many species of bird and mammals are there in the amazon region ?
what physical condition can acute oxygen toxicity cause ?
what was tesla 's father 's name ?
what can rubisco do by mistake ?
which entities have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process ?
what is an underbid ?
what type of teaching would help the most with everyday life ?
where was the summer theatre located ?
what has presented problems to the us economy more than other nations ?
what country does the rhine empty ?
when did the university decide to start multimillion-dollar expansion projects ?
when was the methodist episcopal church founded ?
who set up what became the second polish republic ?
during which eon did free oxygen begin appearing in quantity ?
what bus company in newcastle provides the majority of services south of the river ?
what company owns the american broadcasting company ?
what type of rock is found at the grand canyon ?
who donated property to the university of chicago ?
what do radical islamist organizations reject entirely ?
who was the leader of russia in the 1960 's ?
what two denver players ranked at 5 percent for sacks ?
what devices have been credited as the moving force of the industrial revolution ?
what is an important personal decision for civil disobedients ?
where is brazil ranked globally in soybean production ?
to which year has the antwerp city hall doors in the v & a collection been dated ?
what was the diameter of the saturn v in feet ?
why should one not go to jail ?
what was tesla , brown and peck 's new company ?
in which months does fresno experience increased wind coming from the southeastern direction ?
who was the main proponent of the cellular theory of immunity ?
what grew on a global scale as a result of imperialism ?
what format is abc 's master feed transmitted in ?
how can function problems typically be restated ?
when was the rhine first discovered ?
what was the name of the imperialistic policy in china ?
how many uk viewers watched the doctor who film ?
what kind of images of luther were used to advertise protestantism ?
how much of warsaw 's population was jewish ?
what are the two different types of immunity ?
what are plastoglobuli attached to ?
where are these animals mostly located ?
what did the uk parliment hear that a subscription to bskyb was ?
when did archbishop albrecht send luther 's letter containing the 95 theses to rome ?
what was another possible reason that tesla and edison did not get the award ? .
how many tons of carbon are absorbed the amazon in a typical year ?
what network aired super bowl 50 ?
what catholic church liturgical belief did lortie criticize openly ?
what do pyrenoids store ?
on what day does a general question time take place ?
what organization was led by hasan al-hudaybi ?
what did distributed adaptive message block switching do
what does the utilitarian principle seek for the greatest number of people ?
along with public schools , what type of school was recognized under the south african schools act ?
who plotted the relationships between levels of income and inequality ?
how many primary affiliates did abc have in 1954 ?
in 1984 , the abc arts channel arts was merged with what other channel ?
when did mongke khan become great khan ?
what is the resultant force called when two forces act on a particle ?
when does the largest traveling fair in europe take place ?
how many inhabitants does the los angeles area contain ?
what group can teachers in wales register with ?
where did jebe and subutai spend the winter following the split of the mongol army ?
where might a teacher teach that is not inside a building ?
what does userdatagram protocol gaurentee
what did the greek root pharmakos imply ?
what is a spark or heat to the progress of a fire ?
which area of khwarezmia did the first and second divisions of the mongol army target in a pincer attack ?
what is another name for state route 168 ?
the receptors on a killer t cell must bind to how many mhc : antigen complexes in order to activate the cell ?
in what year did savery patent his steam pump ?
who suffered a broken arm in the nfc championship game ?
who did dinwiddie order to address french in virginia territory ?
what are two examples of nonself entities in accordance with frank burnet 's theory ?
what did electromagnetic theory finally lead to ?
what magnetic character do triplet o2 have ?
what movie company paid to have the next jason bourne movie ad shown during the super bowl ?
what is the roman numeral for 50 ?
who had the best record in the nfc ?
which logo had the dw tardis insignia removed ?
when was a vote help to ratify the change to the constitution ?
who is the current president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ?
what condition what must be satisfied in order for 1/p to be expressed in base q instead of base 10 and still have a period of p - 1 ?
which phylum is more complex than sponges ?
what kind of economy does victoria have ?
what has replaced the former shipping premises ?
who was an important figure in the twentieth-century islamic revival in india ?
what is one type of public key cryptography algorithm ?
in which year are the meissen vulture in the v & a collection dated ?
who helped develop the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction ?
what 's the nickname for newcastle 's a167 ?
who conducted the construction of the new center ?
when did great britain colonize australia ?
what is the most distinctive feature of ctenophora ?
how big are phycobilisomes ?
according to the text , how much money did the host committee raise ?
what logo is used for all merchandise that features past doctors ?
which actor was a replacement for doctor who due to the illness of the main actor ?
when was he elected by nixon ?
what type of mentorship does the lds church focus on ?
what is the name of the turf used in levi 's stadium for the super bowl ?
what did luther 's opponents think that it meant about god 's presence ?
what new component was found in certain rocks from the moon ?
what happens to the packet at the destination
what is the immune system ?
who did toghrul join in a campaign against temüjin ?
what will cause the lake near the rhine to silt up ?
what does coastal beriods use as teeth ?
what does the armagnac manuscript in the v & a library archive depict ?
what year did the storm hit richard 's fleet ?
how long did the fighting last in seven years war ?
of what does the covalent double bond result from ?
if roman numerals were used in the naming of the 50th super bowl , which one would have been used ?
strictly speaking who was included in datanet 1
what does private ownership create a situation of ?
what was added to the the church of st. andrew in 1726 ?
who killed begter , temüjin 's half-brother ?
what happened during the apollo 7 test mission to elicit them a lesser version of the dsm ?
what coalition rose up to oppose louis xiv 's france ?
how is circuit switching allocated
which newton turnover resulted in seven points for denver ?
how high are many of the buildings with turrets ?
who was upt forced to separate themselves from in 1949 ?
what are there no longer limitations on since 1990 ?
what is the festival of food and drink known as ?
what is the name of newcastle 's first full-time community radio station ?
how would the operator of observe the reflected signal ?
what was kenneth swezey 's job ?
when did germany found their first settlement ?
what is the main difference between online pharmacies and community pharmacies ?
what is an example of a parasite that used the antigenic variation strategy to evade destruction ?
who dominates the world of long distance running ?
who were the astronauts aboard the apollo 11 mission ?
what type of shadow does the north pennines cast ?
in what year did the master reincarnate into a female body ?
after its re-opening , which types of movies did the tower theatre show ?
what does colonialism lack that imperialism has ?
what is the name of a bodhisattva vow ?
how many africans were brought into the united states during the slave trade ?
what do oxygen tanks , cryogenics , and chemical compounds serve as for oxygen ?
who was one of the most famous people born in warsaw ?
what does newcastle still contain many of ?
what shape are some of the buildings in the parliament complex ?
how much saharan dust is blown and falls upon the caribbean sea each year ?
what can concentrate wealth , pass environmental costs on to society and abuse both workers and consumers ?
how long will the event at santa clara convention center last ?
what is the name of the stadium where super bowl 50 was played ?
who calculated the speed of light ?
how many times did the denver defense force newton into turnovers ?
when did luther travel to mansfeld twice ?
what do ftsz1 and ftsz2 combine into ?
which conjecture holds that for any positive integer n , there is an infinite amount of pairs of consecutive primes differing by 2n ?
what can orthogonal forces be when there are three components with two at right angles to each other ?
what was the recorded length of the first spark ?
how old were the fossils found in china ?
what is sky+ hd material broadcast using ?
the social chapter is a chapter of what treaty ?
who was the first president of the university of chicago ?
what does the umc oppose as incompatible with the teaching of scripture ?
what do astronaughts experience while in free-fall ?
what nuclear forces only act at short distances ?
why does doctor who 's tardis always look the same ?
what led to newcastle 's fall from power as military advisor ?
what could a teacher help in organizing ?
as of january 2016 how many digits does the largest known prime consist of ?
what layers of a leaf have chloroplasts ?
how did scientists assess the dna/rna of yersinia pestis ?
what is the annual construction industry revenue in 2014 ?
what is the animal that the rhine 's islands are named after ?
the umc maintains that war is incompatible with what ?
given the strength of french forces at louisbourg , what did loudoun do ?
when was apollo 6 , or as-502 , tested ?
the asante and lunda empires were in which region ?
what is the most frequently employed type of reduction ?
what tool has measured the amount of dust that travels from the sahara to the amazon ?
where were the germanic tribes originally located ?
in what year did massachusetts first require children to be educated in schools ?
how many tackles did von miller accomlish by himself in the game ?
when have lutheran churches repudiated luther 's statements about the jews ?
who caught a 16-yard pass on this drive ?
who is the governor of india 's central bank ?
who is the head coach of the broncos ?
what is the only form kinetic energy can change into ?
in what color was the dot represented in abc 's 1977 id sequence ?
why did al-qaeda tell isil to take a hike ?
what direction did watson say the mistake went in ?
what year did abc 's " tgif " end ?
what types of houses are designed by fresno architects ?
who is largely considered the first united methodist theologian ?
what does the minister who was the catalyst of the members business do by speaking after everyone else ?
what ended up being used for the streetcars in the place of tesla 's system ?
what produces the high levels of oxygen on earth ?
how many paid holiday days do most member states require ?
what kind of experiments of rock deformation do structural geologists perform ?
what famous civil rights leader called harvard home ?
what place had the norman arab architectural style ?
what was apple talk
what do students learn about in confirmation and membership preparation classes ?
how did the nixon administration negotiate with the uncooperative countries ?
when did luther write the large catechism ?
what did genghis khan expect from his generals alongside the autonomy he granted them ?
what language were classes held in at tesla 's school ?
how many teams did los angeles used to have ?
which company did tesla work for in 1881 ?
who won the competition to get a free super bowl commercial aired ?
what is the complex " two-signal " activation of t cells referred to ?
how many hymns did luther contribute to the erfurt enchiridion ?
when did the european council task an entity with drafting a european charter of human rights ?
when was isiah bowman appointed to president wilson 's inquiry ?
which broncos player intercepted newton on the panthers ' next set of downs ?
what advise did thoreau give the tax collector when unable to perform his duty ?
where did von lettow surrender at ?
what did gou use for astronomy ?
what is as important as identifying plague symptoms ?
how many of the remaining launches were successful ?
when did luther write a german mass ?
where do plenary meetings take place ?
what did n't newton 's mechanics affext ?
which two british sculptors are now represented with the opening of the new galleries ?
what was disney-abc international television previously known as ?
what was given to high schools where former students went on to play or coach in a super bowl ?
according to wilson 's theorem , what factorial must be divisible by p if some integer p > 1 is to be considered prime ?
approximately how many paintings comprise the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art ?
where is d'olier street ?
when sunday night football premiered , to which network did monday night football move ?
what type of process was involved the the depletion of the sun 's oxygen 16 ?
against whom did the camisards rise up to fight ?
approximately how many items comprise the jewelry collection of the v & a ?
what was their first plan that was launched ?
what was the name of the media day event for super bowl 50 ?
what is the obligation of a pharmacy filling a prescription ?
who did the us provide aid to , to fight against the soviet union ?
when was the prime number theorem proven ?
what is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties ?
when did the different colonies come together and form kenya ?
how many interceptions did manning have at the end of the game ?
what did dfds cite as the reasons it terminated operations ?
what bridge had a model of it at the super bowl opening night ?
who is the president of tumas ?
what did al-gama ' a al-islamiyya use to get its way ?
when was the rhine crisis ?
who won the ekstraklasa championship in 2000 ?
how long does it take to know the outcome of a division ?
what did the ipcc say was mistaken ?
what did kenya name itself on december 12 , 1964 ?
what year did doctor who first show on tv ?
what is the effect of testosterone on the male immune system ?
what do forces have with regard to additive quantities ?
what is the main denomination of christians in kenya ?
what kind of people attend the ipcc meetings ?
when were joseph schumpeter and norman angell at their most prolific writing period ?
what type of movement is the muslim brotherhood ?
how many grammys has lady gaga won ?
what is th elast name of the player who was the super bowl 50 winner 's leading rusher ?
when was the first plastome sequenced ?
what equates to a squared integer according to polynomial time reduction ?
what was the harvard endowment total in 2011 ?
who had mathmatical insite ?
why has the rhine been shortened ?
how does cooling of the local environment affect the mnemiopsis ?
what is the most commonplace model utilized in complexity theory ?
what function is a teacher 's role similar to ?
what has the infrastructure done a lot of over the past years ?
who is most likely to teach a child at home ?
how much of gdp does manufactoriing account for ?
when was iqbal elected president of the muslim league ?
what city later became beijing ?
what other locations can the booth school of business be found ?
what does the beroida have instead of feeding appendages ?
gamma delta t cells have a different version of what receptor ?
what astronomer worked for kublai ?
what radio station do the students of newcastle 's two universities run ?
who was the first person in space ?
whose army liberated warsaw in 1806 ?
what is the time period of this statistic ?
what entity is created if the three different institutions can not come to a consensus at any stage ?
in 1949 , abc had less coverage than what competing networks ?
what was the main reason for the show 's suspension in 1989 ?
after apartheid , what types of schools are referred to as " model c " schools ?
what was the only drama extended for a second season for the 2010-11 schedule ?
in which point did the drainage basin of the amazon split ?
when was the last super bowl in california ?
what would be odinga 's role in the government ?
what was luther involved in dealing with the minds in mansfeld ?
what was the yuan 's persian ally ?
who did the mongols send to bukhara as administrators ?
what animals may have been stampeded over genghis khan 's grave site ?
what impact did the high school education movement have on the wages of skilled workers ?
when are the new sky q products going to be available ?
which laws mentioned predate eu law ?
who designed the entrance hall and rotunda ?
what has been the result of this publicity ?
what are those with lower incomes often unable to manage ?
why did tesla begin investigating invisible energy ?
when was geegen the emperor ?
what health issue did tesla suffer ?
what countries are used as an example of harsher discipline with successful education ?
what form of poetry was developed in the yuan ?
what does the premier of victoria need to lead in the legislative assembly ?
how long is the rhine ?
what kind of disorders are the result of an overactive immune response ?
the inside of a ctenophore is lined with what ?
which residents of bukhara were spared and sent back to mongolia ?
how many hymns did luther write based on the ten commandments ?
what are the most abundant kind of phagocyte ?
what did kublai 's government have to balance between ?
what book of the bible discusses civil disobedience ?
what portion of berlin 's population spoke french by 1700 ?
what are the two simple word responses to a decision problem ?
where was the nfl experience held for the 2015 season ?
how many cases of malaria did kenya report in 2006 ?
what association did tesla demonstrate his radio wave theories to ?
what has the lower rainfall in the amazon during the lgm been attributed to ?
what is the main defense mechanism of bacteria known as ?
some of the income went to the purchase of arms which exacerbated political tension especially in which area ?
who founded the muslim brotherhood ?
what did the rhine branch off to form in austria ?
when did lev 's stadium open ?
who did the mongols give control of korea ?
where would the launch operations center be located , as more land was needed for a bigger rocket ?
who did a morphologically analysis in 1985 that concluded cydippids are not monophyletic ?
at what rank does gps per capita set victoria ?
how much of the lake connecting with the rhine can you see from the german islands ?
who took up the path of violence ?
during what decade did the campus start to look more modern ?
who was first on the team in total tackles ?
who was the deputy administrator of nasa in 1960 ?
what does umc stand for ?
what area did the westwood one broadcast cover ?
into what religion was martin luther baptized ?
what is the main gap to continued urbanization ?
what 3 things does the air force work key on
where on earth is free oxygen found ?
in which case did the court of justice review swedish bans on advertising to young children under 12 ?
what is formed when a phagosome fuses with a lysosome ?
what provided for the creation of new orders known as " provisional elder ? "
which descendants of genghis khan tried to dissociate themselves from the mongol massacres in the middle east ?
an igneous rock is a rock that crystallizes from what ?
which network regained the ratings lead in america in 1984 ?
when did papal nuncio karl von miltitz get luther to make concessions ?
who covered the halftime coverage ?
what country is this teaching subject discussing ?
how high in altitude in feet could the vacuum chambers simulate ?
what position did tesla hold in the american institute of electrical engineers ?
the umc teaches that pornography is about what ?
which historic empire used cultural imperialism to sway local elites ?
where can you see greyhound racing in newcastle ?
what provided an incentive to western empires to colonize africa ?
what pushes businesses to increase pressures on workers ?
how did luther persuade archbishop albrecht to stop the sale of indulgences ?
when was otto von bismarck born ?
what profession are cany ash and robert sakula ?
what has replaced lower skilled workers in the united states ?
what is the title for a seminary graduate who serves a two-three-year term in full-time appointment after being commissioned ?
how much of the population in the middle east died of the plague ?
which sitcom ended its broadcast run for abc in 1983 ?
where did kublai build his administration 's strength ?
how many successors of kublai was toghun the last of ?
who was elected president in november 1960 ?
when did hamas drive the plo out of gaza ?
how many academic research divisions does the university of chicago have ?
what is the name of one type of computing method that is used to find prime numbers ?
at what address did goldenson secure a new headquarters for abc ?
what were the papal legate 's orders from the pope ?
who had military control during the yuan ?
who backed policies that have solutions that sound good but have poor prospects ?
what is the cjeu 's duty ?
who is the trophy featured on the logo named for ?
how are ergänzungsschulen funded ?
what type of surveys show the location of stratigraphic units in the subsurface ?
how many kilometers of acres of the ecuadorian rainforest is supported ?
whose theory was the theory of continental drift ?
when was the decision made to replace the nova rockets with the saturn v ?
which two treaties provided more formal institutions of the european union ?
what is the term for the set of all connected graphs related to this decision problem ?
when was the competence for the union to create criminal sentences for ecological crimes contested ?
in what group of compounds is oxygen a necessary part ?
what was the percentage of whit people in fresno in 2010 ?
what was a major success , especially in rebuilding warsaw ?
who lead the super bowl 50 halftime performance ?
who may teachers ignore , in order to prioritize attention ?
where did these uprisings take place ?
what did fritschel say the man 's sleep was disturbed by ?
how much gold did victoria produce in the years of 1851-1860 ?
what is the republic of kenya named after ?
whose needs will the growth in pharmacy informatics meet ?
what type of manufacturing plant is victoria soon losing ?
in what year was it declared that no roman numerals would be used in the name of the 50th super bowl ?
what church in virginia is maintained by huguenots as a historic shrine ?
who demonstrated the egg of columbus ?
what streets are contraflows to be implemented on in newcastle ?
what is michael carrick and alan shearer 's profession ?
what is the southern region where protestants are concentrated ?
what country did abc expand in to in the mid-1960s ?
how do both chloroplast membranes compare to cyanobacterium 's original double membranes ?
which treaty protects the freedom of establishment and the freedom to provide services ?
tibetan art from which period is represented in the v & a collection ?
by what year had temüjin created a significant " mongol " tribal alliance ?
where in australia is victoria located ?
how many nfl teams have had only one loss by the end of a regular season ?
in which year did the sackler center open ?
what is an example of a rotary engine without pistons ?
who did play-by-play for the wbt broadcast ?
what happens first if a directive 's deadline for implementation is not met ?
which game console could viewers stream the game on ?
what did virgin media concentrate on instead of offering linear channels ?
what are the tentacles of cydipped ctenophores are usually fringed with ?
the university agreed to grant a degree to any graduate of affiliate schoos that did what ?
who did edward make archbishop of canterbury ?
how many muslim empires have used imperialism ?
what did martin luther do during 1510 to 1520 ?
who served his dinner ?
who was philip i ?
when were the elections that produced a higher vote by protestant nazi sympathizers than by catholics ?
what are numbers greater than 1 that can be divided by 3 or more numbers called ?
what do msps who are not in the chamber when the division bell rings return to do ?
what did the acronym aap stand for ?
which middle eastern nation in particular views genghis khan as a contemptible perpetrator of genocide ?
how much is terra preta distributed over the amazon forest ?
savannah areas expanded over the last how many years ?
what may be presented to parliament in various ways ?
who designed the plaster work in the art library ?
who is the archenemy of doctor who ?
what is one function that prime numbers have that 1 does not ?
what entity was rumored to be sold by abc in between may and september 2005 ?
what did pope leo x launch against luther ?
to whom has the antwerp city hall doors in the v & a collection been attributed ?
in organizing a new church , what did luther find to be unworkable for congregations ?
when does photorespiration happen ?
what is the former name of the v & a theatre & performance galleries ?
what is the exact date of the v & a 's official opening ?
in what city is the nikola tesla museum ?
where was a cinema relocated while repairs were underway ?
how many modern types of primality tests for general numbers n are there ?
what was tesla 's fathers occupation ?
what major event u.s. occurred that made the bbc delay the broadcast ?
what is the throat called ?
what do all but one platycenida species lack ?
which famous indian practiced civil disobedience ?
what years did the original doctor who series run ?
who moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596 ?
what did vbns do
how many farms are there in victoria ?
in which year did the gallery devoted to chinese art open ?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality for 2001-2006 ?
after huguenots fled france , their last remaining bastion was where ?
when economic inequality is smaller , more waste and pollution is ?
in what calcium containing body part is oxygen a part ?
how much rain per year does fresno get on average ?
what property of the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... shows that there is an infinite number of primes ?
what medical treatment is used to benefit patients with hearth and lung disorders ?
what is income inequality attributed to ?
what does the beroe do when pursuing prey ?
warsaw 's national museum is one of the most what ?
approximately how many gems in reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection was given to the museum ?
what can amyloplasts become ?
when was the last plague outbreak ?
who did disney sell the four newspapers that abc controlled to ?
how many screens does the empire muliplex cinema have ?
what is the number of constituency msps ?
according to wilson 's theorem , what factorial must be divisible by n if some integer n > 4 is to be considered composite ?
who did play-by-play on westwood one ?
in which direction does most of the wind in fresno originate from ?
who thought the world could be split into climatic zones ?
what is the land area of jacksonville ?
how many field goals did mcmanus kick in the game ?
what did tesla attribute skin damage to ?
where was genghis khan buried ?
who was the inventor of the atmospheric engine ?
what concept was developed by baran while researching at rand
how were the mongol garrison families earning money ?
what kind of gradients does cpdna have ?
which area is responsible for the long-term preservation of the v & a collections ?
when was the university library founded ?
what does the city council divide itself into ?
who took the throne after kusala 's death ?
what could tesla perform in his head ?
what does vbns stand for
what town is surrounded by jacksonville ?
how many divisions was abc radio restructured into in 2005 ?
d'olier street is named after whom ?
what do cydippids use to capture their prey ?
when did washington reach fort le boeuf ?
when did the y. pestis reach england ?
which entity is the secondary legislative body ?
who organized the britain can make it exhibition ?
new broadcast regulations from the fcc in 1968 allowed companies to own a maximum of how many radio stations ?
rocks on top of a fault that are cut are always older or younger than the fault itself ?
what was apolitical islam ?
how many species of ctenophora have been validated ?
from what bible book did the crew of apollo 8 read from during this stream of images ?
what did the meeting often become in argument ?
for which project did deke slayton work with before becoming director of flight crew operations ?
according to fermat 's theorem , what period does 1/p always have assuming p is prime that is not 2 or 5 ?
during what period did the tower theatre re-open ?
how do members vote when there is a division ?
what is the canal in wesel ?
the oil crisis caused oil companies to increase oil supplies in which area ?
which team had the best regular season in their history ?
what caused uk to have an oil crisis in its own country ?
what is the ability to recognize and adapt to new specific pathogens called ?
which musical genre did the progressive folk-rock band gryphon presented at a concert/lecture at the v & a ?
what is the best qb ranking that cam newton holds ?
what was the american timothy dexter widely regarded as ?
who was keeping pressure and showing disagreements for the lor , even in front of the president ?
what was fresno 's population in 2010 ?
in which year did genghis khan strike against the tanguts ?
how much money is being spent on other super bowl-related events ?
when would the occupation of allies leave rhineland ?
what is the name of the european union agency for external border security ?
what are the total number of votes to be counted during the voting process ?
how much was nasa 's procured spending on the apollo project estimated to be at in 2005 after inflation ?
what caused changes in the amazon rainforest vegetation ?
when did luther give his response to eck ?
what are some existing facilities ?
what does pumping water into the mesoglea do ?
who led new france reinforcements in 1756 ?
when did this attempt take place ?
whose likeness is on the larger denominations of mongolian currency ?
the analysis of stratigraphic sections such as drill cores is done by who ?
what are the two principal asian-american groups living in the west side neighborhood of fresno ?
what are the top 4-5 % graduating students honored with ?
how much has a lama agreed to be reborn ?
who discovered the compton effect ?
where is the science village located ?
who were the sculpture galleries that opened in 2006 named after ?
what technique was used to decorate the east side of the building ?
what program that aired between last man standing and shark tank was cancelled by abc in 2013 ?
what portion of households in jacksonville have only one person ?
what type of combustion does the slow reaction of triplet oxygen prevent ?
what does newcastle have a proud history of ?
what impacts distribution of wealth when evaluating labor ?
what did the v & a present in july 1973 as part of its youth outreach programme ?
how long does it take for the effects to manifest as changes to economic growth ?
what did luther do during lent at this time ?
what encoding decision needs to be made in order to determine an exact definition of the formal language ?
other than san bernardino , which other developed southern californian city is not in close proximity to the coast ?
what is the capitol of kenya ?
how many people attended the 2003 ipcc meeting ?
who were otachi ?
how many people died of plague in paris in 1466 ?
who would decide on the curricula that is consistent and standard ?
when did the yuan people suffer a series of natural disasters ?
the port of long beach belongs to which region of california ?
what type of authority are ambulatory care pharmacists given in the u.s. federal health care system ?
how do the yes/no answers of a complement problem of np appear ?
what do statements from the po and member in charge of the bill also indicate ?
what club won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships ?
century city is an example of a district that belongs to which city ?
in what year did nikola tesla emigrate to the united states ?
when did luther appeared before the diet of worms ?
who founded telnet
where in china is genghis khan most favorably viewed today ?
what theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its logarithm ?
what is an example of a problem to which effective algorithms have provided a solution in spite of the intractability associated with the breadth of sizes ?
what was the name given to the regions in which the pro - slavery southerners lived ?
what was the name of the rock found during the apollo 15 mission that kreep was discovered in ?
why was old oil withdrawn from the market ?
under elie metchnikoff 's cellular theory , what cells were responsible for immune response ?
when did tesla patent the motor ?
what street does nikolaus pevsner think is one of the finest in england ?
how many academic minors does the university grant in total ?
what type of image was tesla thought to have accidentally taken a week prior to the announcement of its discovery ?
how are 'un-aided ' schools different from 'aided ' schools ?
how many divisions make up the academics of the university ?
what was the name of the story from the third torchwood series ?
what kind of self-consistent models are physicists trying to make that would create a theory of everything ?
how are existing teachers and non-teachers vetted ?
though unkown , what are the most commonly ascribed attributes of l in relation to p
what is also decided by the presiding officer ?
what does the secret history say genghis khan was doing when he sustained his mortal injuries ?
what german general and fighter pilot was of huguenot ancestry ?
what did low suggest using apollo 8 for instead of simply orbiting the earth 's surface ?
what is 'grey literature ' ?
in what year did fresno experience the most rainfall ?
what is the legal boundary behind the high and upper rind ?
how long ago did oxygen reach 10 % of its present level ?
when was a study published confirming the 2001 ipcc projections ?
how has civil disobedience evolved in current times ?
why would a teacher 's college exist ?
which of tesla 's inventions was used in radio development ?
what disease did tesla contract in 1873 ?
what type of insect employs the use of prime numbers in its evolutionary strategy ?
what is one country that has been suggested for importation of medicines ?
which two generals raided the caucasas and kievan rus ' for genghis khan ?
what two railroads have railyards in the city of fresno ?
what legitimate dynasty came before the yuan ?
who had toghtogha tried to defeat ?
what has been characterized as arminian theology with an emphasis on the work of the holy spirit ?
how long did tesla hold this position ?
what city in victoria is called the sporting capital of australia ?
what does high inequality go hand-in-hand with ?
who has released official reconstructions of doctor who episodes ?
during which season did abc first take the lead spot in television rating ?
who was the main crew of apollo 1 , of which they named themselves ?
what animals does the vistula river 's ecosystem include ?
who was the ruling class ahead of the normans ?
which french kind issued this declaration ?
after the rhine emerges from lake constance , what direction does it flow ?
where did genghis khan spend the summer after taking deshun ?
what does the first company law directive article 11 require ?
what is the knls responsible for ?
what does the wessel-datteln canal run parallel to ?
which fault can produce a magnitude earthquake of 8.0 ?
how is oxygen produced from carbon dioxide on the other planets of the solar system ?
who were the announcers of super bowl 50 ?
what industry did the nobleman establish with this settlement ?
how many levels of galleries do the façades surround ?
what does someone who completes the initial teacher education ( ite ) program get ?
what is gravitational acceleration proportional to ?
when did embankment of the major rhine distributaries take palce ?
where is a palm house with subtropic plants from all over the world on display ?
in which year were the north and south courts opened ?
how high in miles did the first block , as-201 , reach when launched ?
what was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty ?
what is the law named that defines a charge moving through a magnetic field ?
what does the phrase " taking coals to newcastle " mean ?
what was used by the west to justify control over eastern territories ?
what was the steam engine an important component of ?
what group can amend the victorian constitution ?
what does the original manuscript show ?
where by mass is oxygen a major part ?
what did lady gaga sing ?
between brakel and what other city can the most landward tidal influence be detected ?
which tribes did genghis khan unite ?
what are the main sources of primary law ?
what is violating a law which is not the goal of the protest called ?
how well did the mongol emperors know chinese ?
besides rivers , what shapes the sedimentation of the rivers ?
which boulevard can you find many majestic homes in the area ?
to what is 50 kilopascals equal ?
what must be done to make non public lawbreaking acknowledged as civil disobedience ?
what do rules about conflict of interest involving doctors diagnosing patients resemble ?
what was the name of the wife arranged for temüjin by his father ?
what theorem defines the main role of primes in number theory ?
what additional srevice did bskyb offer besides hd channels that they claimed offered " substantially more value " ?
during what time did civilization in the amazon was flourishing when orellana made his observations ?
what was the name of the 1991 doctor who exhibition ?
when people take on debt , it leads potentially to what ?
what is one of the reason that underdeveloped nations received aid from the oil income ?
how are nuclear forces transmitted ?
how many companies were registered in warsaw in 2006 ?
what is the name of harvard 's basketball facility ?
what was the marburg colloquy meant to establish ?
who was the original pilot for the first apollo mission ?
what modern math concept did zhu shijie do work similar to ?
what did mitsubishi rename its forte to ?
who was the 2015 nfl mvp ?
what was the name of the company the businessmen financed ?
what position did rivera play in super bowl xx ?
what does chlorophyll use light energy to do ?
what do photosynthetic carotenoids do ?
which system comes after an organism 's physical barriers ?
when did the exploration of the interior begin ?
the legislative competence of the parliament species what areas ?
what areas did genghis khan control at the end of his life ?
when is sky going to introduce uhd broadcasts ?
what will the output be for a member of the language of a decision problem ?
what is the name of the third , permanent huguenot church in new rochelle ?
what may a force on one part of an object affect ?
what did tesla accidentally cause ?
where did mongke khan attack the song dynasty ?
in what geographical portion of wales is abercynon located ?
what later invention was tesla 's idea similar to ?
in what part of the united states did many students migrate to christian academies during the desegregation period ?
in what sense must you be observing the curvature of space-time ?
what is engineering news-record ?
what river was petrela located by ?
what is a typical configuration
what funds can not be used if a teacher is not registered ?
abc began to focus on what kind of series after nbc 's success in 1984 ?
there is criticism that the energy policies are expensive quick fixes that ignore which facts ?
who was kaidu 's grandfather ?
what platform was sentanta sports planning on launching on ?
in an atmospheric engine , what does air pressure push against ?
what happens after the lead melts ?
what was the goal of john sheepshanks considerable bequest to the museum ?
when did tesla start working on the problem of energy and matter ?
what form of oxygen is composed of three oxygen atoms ?
what was the patent number for tesla 's final patent ?
what is the largest abc station operator in terms of market reach ?
besides viniculture , what is the other dominate economic sector in the middle rhine ?
what type of process is the oxygen cycle ?
where were missing patents later found ?
what is the original meaning of the word norman ?
what is the highest peak in victoria ?
what must the integer m be less than or equal to when performing trial division ?
where are america 's oldest collection of maps , gazettes , and atlases housed ?
in what year did harvard stadium become the first ever concrete reinforced stadium in the country ?
who produced the illumination for the 1524 charter that is in the v & a library archive ?
how high is victoria 's mount bogong ?
what is the bend of rhine in basel called ?
who did jamukha support that were not part of temüjin 's power base ?
large predators of the amazon rainforest include the jaguar , cougar , and anaconda , what is one other example ?
what is the approximate condenser temperature in a turbine ?
british commentators include , darren fletcher , rocky boiman and who else ?
what does civil disobedience protest against ?
what team had the lowest downs and yards ever in the super bowl as of super bowl 50 ?
the urban renewal project was intended to help the residents of what neighborhood ?
what type of heating element is often used in toy steam engines ?
in what dynasty did tianze live ?
what is most of warsaw 's modern growth based on ?
when did maududi found the jamaat-e-islami party ?
of what was the diet of worms an assembly ?
in what process is the uptake from oxygen necessary ?
which countries use the green greek cross as a symbol of pharmacy ?
how was the ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov ?
what style were the mass constructed residential blocks designed in ?
along with tuition , scholarships , vouchers , donations and grants , where does funding for private schools come from ?
how long was the first audio of a doctor who story ?
when did the deal between peck , brown and westinghouse take place ?
what did the edict do for huguenots in france ?
what percentage does the amazon represents in rainforests on the planet ?
where was war fought ?
what types of recordings at johnson space center were used to help restore the original tapes ?
what type of amendments might members opposed to a bill put on the table ?
how is the opening of the grainger market documented in the laing art gallery ?
when was the polish-bolshevik war fought ?
which group has two layers of cells with a middle layer of mesoglea ?
what story was the first doctor who audio release based on ?
why have some men avoided becoming teachers ?
what is the name of the american writer and satirist who is also a university alumni ?
what territory was ceded to britain ?
what is the kilogram-force sometimes reffered to as ?
if q=9 and a=1,2,4,5,7 , or 8 , how many primes would be in a progression ?
when was the plastome discovered ?
how many members in the seats of the scottish parliament are members of the scottish government ?
what country is abc broadcast in , in contrast to disney 's other channels ?
when did luther produce a hymnic version of the lord 's prayer ?
what planet do the daleks come from ?
sedimentary rock can be turned into which of the three types of rock ?
as a euphoric how is oxygen used in bars ?
what did lepidodinium viride replace their original chloroplast with ?
what ranking in terms of busiest airports from international passenger volume is the los angeles international airport ?
what do chloroplasts use to fix carbon dioxide into sugar ?
who found that protestants voted for nazis more than catholics ?
who did gegeen appoint as grand chancellor ?
what two radio networks did rca own ?
what is a name for the different ways to instruct students ?
what path does a ball thrown up and down in a moving vehicle take when seen by an outside observer ?
which new subdivision of abc films produced programming for u.s. syndication ?
what kind of allegations were brought after the 2007 election ?
what are dart frogs are known to secrete ?
what night did abc move ugly betty to in an attempt to boost the series ratings ?
in what time frame did tesla weigh almost exactly the same amount ?
what year was the new bus station in newcastle officially opened ?
who did kublai make the ruler of korea ?
what did martin luther 's marriage allow ?
how many teams can boast a 15–1 regular season record ?
what was invented by savery ?
how do cestids swim ?
who did carolina beat in the nfc championship game ?
what school was walter camp a captain for the football team ?
what additional membranes do secondary chloroplasts have ?
there are direct contractual links between who ?
what is an example of a mechanical barrier on leaves ?
who may members direct questions towards during general question time ?
how did luther respond to agricola ?
which one of fresno 's hotels burned down ?
what popular phrase is associated with the doctor who series ?
where is the airport located ?
what florida stadium was considered for super bowl 50 ?
what was the first international event broadcast by abc ?
who established the confederation of the rhine ?
in which year did the museum started charging free admission fees ?
what did the second stage in the saturn v end up doing ?
what modern city did khanbaliq become ?
in what sector are jobs beginning to increase ?
why have modern lutherans stopped using the hymn ?
what is important for a teacher to enjoy ?
in experiments , a bridge of what element can be built between poles of a magnet ?
what is the name of the trophy given to anyone who plays on the winning team in a super bowl ?
what is the name of the alphabet is most commonly used in a problem instance ?
what was th elast super bowl where the broncos wore white uniforms ?
who first discovered his body ?
who was the president of upt in 1951 ?
who included 1 as the first prime number in the mid 18th century ?
when did subutai 's army return to mongolia ?
besides publishing to the christian nobility of the german nation and on the babylonian captivity of the church , what other work did luther produce in 1520 ?
when did menich serve as president ?
the name of the nfl championship game is ?
what percentage of private school students go to catholic schools ?
what kind of techniques were used to create the theme ?
where does the pupil remain while in detention
what is key to getting the skills needed for high demand jobs ?
when was the measurement of the rhine introduced ?
what was another use for the weapon ?
what prompted shen kuo to believe the land was formed by erosion of the mountains ?
who published the state of the planet 2008-2009 report ?
what is the population of the greater los angeles area ?
what color was the background for abc 's 1977 id sequence ?
what is sometimes used interchangeably with 'plastids ' ?
how do students learn about the church ?
what was developed for the air force
what is rugby rapidly becoming with high schools ?
what is the famous rock called that the rhine flows around ?
what are plastoglobuli made of ?
what lake in a german island mainau receives a fraction of the rhine 's flow ?
what class is most commonly not ascribed to the graph isomorphism problem in spite of definitive determination ?
what is abc 's traditional vod service currently named ?
in april 2014 , how many new zealand students attended private schools ?
what team was the divisional round winner between the broncos and steelers ?
what is a recent civil disobedience done in a group form ?
what is sometimes impossible to model ?
when did tesla start deliberately experimenting with x-ray imaging ?
at what temperature do weak and electromagnetic forces appear the same ?
what did maududi believe muslim society could not be islamic in the absence of ?
mps representing english constituencies can only veto laws affecting which country ?
what spacecraft did the soviets use to send animals to space and around the moon 's orbit ?
what holiday coincided with the first showing of series two ?
the spin of what can produce a magnetic effect to oxygen molecules ?
what did the engineers fear would be difficult in space due to it never being attempted in earth orbit ?
what is colonialism 's core meaning ?
what rules does the ipcc have to follow ?
who did mueller recruit to be a manager for nasa projects on a loaned situation ?
on which corner is the shopping center located ?
what caused the dynamos to be burnt out ?
how many natural reserves are in warsaw ?
what could be attributed to gravity acceleration around the earth ?
who invented a high-pressure steam engine around 1800 ?
outside of livestock , what else was considered a major industry in the agriculture regions ?
how man people gather along the banks of the vistula for the wianki festival ?
what does civil disobedience relate to ?
who did the panthers beat in the divisional round ?
what type of architecture is the palace of four windows an impressive example of ?
how many picks did peyton manning throw in the season ?
how did von lettow conduct his group ?
what objective would be labeled as practical ?
what do chloroplasts use their ribosomes for ?
what conditions must be met to prescribe a controlled substance ?
what other aspect of luther 's life was affected by his health ?
if the apparant force of two fermions is attractive , what is the spin function ?
what was the rhine considered to invaders in wwii ?
where does southern california 's megalopolis standard in terms of population nationwide ?
why did the european nations and japan separated themselves from united states during the crisis ?
what are two complexity classes between l and p ?
in what year was supernanny canceled ?
who is the field director of the nfl ?
what network assumed the rights to the miss america pageant in 2006 ?
when did france take control of algeria ?
what was the horsepower put out by the turbines in waterside power station
why do the island archipelagos comprise a smaller number of electors ?
what is necessary for chloroplasts to replicate ?
when were the public housing developments built in the neighborhood ?
the central pacific railroad established a station for its new line in what year ?
in 1735 , where did john and charles wesley teach the gospel in america ?
when does immunodeficiency occur ?
what did the snp publicly opine about the oil revenues ?
along with trusts , what other non-profits are allowed to run schools in india ?
how many other contestants did the company , that had their ad shown for free , beat out ?
what type of rail line is pacific national ?
what modern formations do geologists study ?
what describes the proportionality of acceleration to force and mass ?
which khitan prince became an important administrator in the mongol empire ?
when were tesla 's patents restored ?
what gained ground when arab nationalism suffered ?
what has the united nations designed isil ?
where does hamas originate ?
what type of civil war was fought between political and tribal warlords ?
how did the rhine extend watershed southward ?
where do chloroplasts make amino acids ?
what cellular carrier had the only contract for the super bowl to be shown on smartphones ?
what type of vote must the council pass in order to approve of any changes recommended by parliament ?
who is taught at teacher 's colleges ?
which retired ref disagreed with the outcome of the challenge of a incomplete pass ?
in what year was fort coligny destroyed ?
when did the untouchables debut on abc ?
what did his design avoid in not having a commutator ?
who was named the president and ceo of abc after goldenson suffered a heart attack ?
since what year did the university offer a doctorate in cinema & media studies ?
what author did tesla credit for his recovery ?
what organization did tesla serve as vice president of ?
if input size is is equal to n , what can respectively be assumed is the function of n ?
what do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells store carbon dioxide in ?
why does oxfam and credit suisse believe their findings are being doubted ?
what song did coldplay and beyoncé collaborate on for the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
who came up with the concept that falling objects fell at the same speed regardless of weight ?
what is needed to pack electrons densely together ?
in the most common construction procurement , who acts as the project coordinator ?
where is the metrocentre located ?
what did luther seek to restore ?
who claimed luther 's writings were a blueprint of actions against jews ?
how long did it take for thoreau 's disobedience to be known ?
where hotel did the panthers stay at ?
what is cultural imperialism often referred to as ?
what perk did religious leaders , teachers , and doctors get in the mongol empire ?
where are international corporations headquartered ?
where did he claim the blueprint was stored ?
what substance is used to make high quality liquid o2 ?
what was the name of the blind date concept program debuted by abc in 1966 ?
what is the largest item from italy that is part of the sculpture collection ?
how many panthers were designated all-pro ?
what party forms the scottish parliament ?
what was the yuan 's unofficial state religion ?
on what date was the record low temperature in fresno ?
what function does ozone perform for the planet ?
why has the muslim brotherhood facilitated inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies ?
who initially wanted more unmanned testing done regarding the lm ?
how many touchdowns did ronnie hillman make ?
what will maidens be able to predict by floating their wreaths down the vistula ?
how successful was initial effort by braddock ?
what time period did the geoglyphs date back to ?
how much support does evidence provide for the view that labor-market flexibility improves labor-market outcomes ?
when was the sierra sky park airport formed ?
what is a d-loop ?
what name was given to the western half of the colony ?
where do a majority of consultant pharmacists tend to work ?
why was this short termed organization created ?
which two groups have cells bound by inter-cell connections and membranes , muscles , a nervous system and sensory organs ?
what is heralded by the sounding of the division bell ?
how much did tesla weigh ?
when did tesla claim to have built the weapon ?
where did the residents of antioch flee to ?
which country was worried that the us would invade the middle east ?
what was the the movement called that brought baltic countries independence from the soviet union ?
what promoted the growrth of mnemiposis in the black sea ?
as the moon has no atmosphere , what is prevalant in many moon rock samples brought back from apollo missions ?
what year was the song fog on the tyne released ?
how many scientists called to change the ipcc in feb 2010 ?
how many avulsions have occurred in the past 6000 yeas ?
how are pharmacists regulated in most jurisdictions ?
what does the ciliary rosettes do to decease bulk and increase density ?
what aspect of the economy did genghis khan exploit for intelligence gathering ?
genghis khan was in the process of taking what capital city when he died ?
who assembles the authors ' contributions ?
how much gun powder was destroyed in attack ?
what has complicated definitions that prevent classification into a framework ?
what president is credited with the original notion of putting americans in space ?
what strategy did jebe 's army use against kuchlug and his supporters ?
which super bowl halftime show did beyoncé headline ?
which authority figure is designated to schedule and set the work of the eu ?
when did jamaa islamiya renounce violence ?
what are the two symbols that signify pharmacy in english-speaking countries ?
what did luther speak out about in saxony ?
what collection was transferred to the museum when the new architectural history gallery opened ?
what jewish practice did the yuan ban ?
jean de rely 's illustrated french-language scriptures were first published in what city ?
what type of interpretation of islam does salafism promote ?
who hired tesla in new york ?
what did these lutheran clerics use as fuel to bolster the policies of the nazis ?
what logo was modified and reused for the 50th anniversary special ?
what type of animal did onlookers claim was piloting the boat ?
what garden was formally only for royalty ?
which full-sized model cars were not popular ?
what is the concrete choice typically assumed by most complexity-theoretic theorems ?
what comedy featuring stand up comedian tim allen debuted in 1991 ?
what range of years was the current warming compared to ?
what are teachers expected to give their students ?
who designed the garden for the university library ?
to whom was the large catechism directed ?
since luther believed that the turks were sent by god , what was their purpose ?
what sports are kenyans active in ?
where was the famous artist tamara de lempicka born ?
what is another possible explanation for the source of the signals ?
which of temüjin 's brothers took up the role of male leader of the family ?
who led the panthers in sacks ?
what was the guiding principle of the mongol empire code of conduct ?
what was hero of alexandria 's nationality ?
what is the principle about relating spin and space variables ?
who may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built ?
where are some words from the geordia dialect used ?
what is the natural dam that the rhine flows through ?
what is another word for inclusions in sedimentary rocks ?
what did luther deny the rebels ?
britain 's support of france in which war led to rodin donating many of his sculptures to the v & a ?
how is income inequality generally viewed by workers ?
how was luther presented as an image to spread protestantism ?
what was the theorized maximum population density per square kilometre for the amazon rainforest ?
who sacked cam newton at the end of the half ?
what do chloroplasts in mesophyll cells specialized use to make atp ?
what have the treaties sought to enable since its foundation ?
what was the period called that was 505 million years ago ?
what was the time limit on luther 's recantation of sentences ?
how many professional schools does the university of chicago have ?
constitutional impasse is distinct from what key term ?
what can result from disorders of the immune system ?
how many paid holiday days does the working time directive require workers to have each year ?
what did warsz own ?
who noted the different current uses of civil disobedience ?
what articles state that unless conferred , powers remain with member states ?
what did cbs provide of the super bowl 50 broadcast for its website , some apps and media players ?
which carolina panthers player was named most valuable player ?
how long did project apollo run ?
which organic compounds contain the greatest amount of oxygen by mass ?
what is used to quantify the intuitive undestanding of forces ?
how many societal class divisions were in the plan kublai rejected ?
what was sadat seeking by releasing islamists from prison ?
how many siblings did tesla have ?
in what year were the distinguished service medals awarded to grissom , white , and chaffee ?
when did the sarah jane series begin ?
who would begter have married when he came of age ?
how many households has kids under the age of 18 living in them ?
when did the university start having a bachelor 's degree program in theater & performance studies ?
what nationality was arthur woolf ?
what happened in 1901 ?
where are a bulk of factories concentrated along the rhine ?
what has to accounted for that causes no net force being the cause of constant velocity motion ?
the bank of america tower was previously known as what ?
what costumes collection did the v & a acquired in 2002 ?
what is csnet
in what city is the moscone center located ?
when did mechlin lace develop ?
within the 30 days how many digiboxes had been sold ?
what governing body appoints commissioners and the board of european central bank ?
what did jews refuse to accept that caused luther to call them blasphemers and liars ?
what percent of untreated victims of the plague die within 8 days ?
what was started after these new programs were in place ?
in what year was the apollo program announced ?
when did the second series of torchwood play ?
what was the naval base called ?
what does the currently flooded terrace still have visible ?
what is the principle that states that with sedimentary rocks , inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them ?
who did the ottoman empire ally with in ww i ?
what can it sometimes take up to 14 years to get permission to build on ?
in what year was an early admission program reintroduced ?
what changes the mineral content of a rock ?
what religion were the normans
where did tesla work with edison ?
what team did rivera play for in super bowl xx ?
what is the term for a meeting of mongol chiefs ?
other than downtown san bernardino , and university town , what is the name of another business district in the san bernardino-riverside area ?
which religion did kublai prefer ?
why is the final bill passed to the monarch ?
which articles state that the member states ' rights to deliver public services may not be obstructed ?
who was the mayor of san francisco during super bowl 50 ?
who wrote that imperialism is the highest stage of capitalism ?
what kinds of trees is kearney boulevard lined with ?
who notably improved the savery water pump ?
in what year was the ordination order of transitional deacon abolished ?
during what period the drainage basin of the amazon likely split ?
how many awards has doctor who won ?
from which country did the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet come from ?
the papers of which famous english writer of children 's books such as the tale of peter rabbit are collected in the museum ?
who created the photographic series titled animal locomotion ?
what was martin parry 's role in the ipcc ?
what kind of light is important for chloroplasts to divide ?
what is the current main judicial body of the eu ?
what khitan leader defected to the mongols ?
in what english colony were huguenot settlers promised land ?
revolutionary civil disobedience towards culture is highlighted by example of who ?
when did the siege of antioch take place ?
what is the immune system of the brained known as ?
what are the biggest game animals of kenya called ?
what are private schools that charge no tuition called ?
what is the general term used to describe the output to any given input in a problem instance ?
what year did the league begin having schedules with 16 games in them ?
what star trek episode has a nod to doctor who ?
when violence is used , what is civil disobedience sometimes called ?
how many astronauts was the lm intended to take from orbit of the moon to the surface of the moon ?
what is the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences ?
what carries a significant amount of the rhine flow through france ?
who did tesla think would run the world of the future ?
who has performed all the doctor who music since the 2005 christmas special ?
who is the mayor of san francisco ?
what is the frequency of the radio station wbt in north carolina ?
what han chinese leader defected to the mongols ?
according to oxfam , the 85 richest people have wealth equal to how many average people ?
what is the most successful team sport in kenya ?
what was kublai khan 's relation to genghis khan ?
how many times more did the other nations have to pay for oil after the surprise attack ?
what is the name of harvard 's primary recreational sports facility ?
what other invention of tesla 's did westinghouse license ?
besides abc news , what other division was roone arledge president of ?
who had the most receptions out of all players for the year ?
what kind of electricity was tesla investigating ?
when did the fcc freeze incoming applications for new stations ?
what former mvp was shown in the locker room ?
who was rca president in 1942 ?
what does the sieve of eratosthenes do ?
what year did tesla avade the draft ?
what did luther feel he made of christ ?
how much lower was the north sea in the last cold phase than it is today ?
what mountainous region is lake constance by ?
on what day were images of the moon 's surface transmitted to earth via television images ?
what enzymes in saliva are antibacterial in nature ?
how many affiliated stations does abc currently have ?
why did opec raise the price of oil to $ 5.11 ?
until 1987 , what stance did the muslim brotherhood in palestine take towards israel ?
what type of civil disobedience is commonly accepted ?
what did creating highways in the amazon rainforest lead to ?
by what process is singlet oxygen made in the tropophere ?
in which london borough is the victoria and albert museum located ?
what two bodies must the parliament go through first to pass legislation ?
what percentage of filipino primary school students are in private schools ?
what did this statement of tetzel 's show about him ?
what type of festival is the northern rock cyclone ?
how many miles , once completed , will the the lewis s. eaton trail cover ?
how many huguenots fled france by the 1700s ?
how long as the u.s. government been actively engaged in efforts to counter islamism ?
who did the broncos defeat in the afc championship game ?
who shared sideline reporting duties with mark malone ?
while competition between workers drives down wages for jobs with a high supply of worker , whose competition drives wages up for the inverse ?
what band is often regarded as the first folk metal group ?
what fields medal winning mathematician is a faculty member at harvard ?
what was compounding seen as being in the locomotive construction industry ?
changes in rainfall reduced what kind of vegetation cover in the amazon basin ?
if two thirds of the rhine flows through the maas , where doe the other one third flow through ?
what was the win/loss ratio in 2015 for the carolina panthers during their regular season ?
which mongol leader was most opposed to jochi as genghis khan 's successor ?
who was robert 's son ?
what well known political scientists are currently on the university 's faculty ?
why the narrow part of st. john 's river called cowford ?
whose role is to design the works , prepare the specifications and produce construction drawings , administer the contract , tender the works , and manage the works from inception to completion
what does oxygen cause to form on metals ?
what did the civil war leave the state of afghanistan 's economy in ?
who considers los angeles county to be a separate metropolitan area ?
what force acts between electric charges ?
how many people were on the project that followed project mercury ?
the innate immune system responds in a generic way , meaning it is what ?
what is luther 's opinion of what the law covers ? ?
what is the name of the co-ed community service fraternity ?
what subtle tool can be used in an informal imperialistic situation to expand a controlled area ?
what is kmj now referred to ?
which linebacker had the most sacks on the team ?
what was an additional projected effect of the attempted reform ?
who were the westwood one color analysts ?
where was the 1893 world 's columbian exposition held ?
in what conditions were forces first measured historically ?
what is another type of accountant other than a cpa ?
who received the first steam engine patent ?
who is denver 's defensive coordinator ?
what term was used for the first regeneration ?
what organization did iqbal join in london ?
the design team is most commonly employed by who ?
how much more land does the school own in allston than cambridge ?
what does the kcpe determine ?
what is the search feature on the v & a website called ?
what was the name of the infamous german gestapo prison ?
who designed the scottish parliament building ?
what trend increases the organic composition of capital over the long term ?
what company relaunched who wants to be a millionaire as a syndicated program ?
how many former mvp honorees were present for a pregame ceremony ?
what is the german term for segregating students based on their parents ' wealth ?
what lies between l and p that prevents a definitive determination of the relationship between l and p ?
when were competition rules included in the treaty of rome ?
in what year was the doctor who 40th anniversary show ?
what denver player caused two fumbles for the panthers ?
what was the number of 17 interceptions that peyton manning had by end of the year ?
before super bowl 50 , what was the coach 's name that coached both teams for their last super bowl appearances ?
how do some scholars view the nazi use of luther 's work ?
what is student motivation about school linked to ?
how much time was left in the quarter when stewart got the touchdown ?
what position does von miller play ?
which lunar probe was near the apollo 12 crew 's landing site ?
when was the battle of hastings ?
who may have been called upon to fund the festival associated with the super bowl in santa clara ?
what type of theatre is the warsaw fotoplastikon ?
what is god 's expression of eternal will , according to luther ?
what does less education lead to when working ?
for how long did the plague stick around ?
how many games did the panthers lose in the regular season before super bowl 50 ?
what position did rivera play in super bowl xx ?
who wrote the nong shu ?
in what century was the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing system used ?
what stipend do students enrolled in priority courses receive ?
where does a canonball dropped from the crow 's nest of a ship actually land ?
prior to super bowl 50 , when were the carolina panthers last there ?
what was the most recent super bowl hosted in the south florida/miami area ?
what network did abc beat out for third place in television ratings in 2010-11 ?
what happens when bathocyroe and ocyropsis clap their lobes together ?
how many teams have won 15 regular season games since the 16-game schedule was adopted ?
what variable is associated with all problems solved within logarithmic space ?
what is a term for schools that receive government assistance ?
who first sent radio waves across the atlantic ?
what was the ratio of british settler to french ?
for how many years was evidence shown that humans shaped the the amazon ?
where are these dams located ?
the earthquake forecast models what features of earthquakes in california ?
what early greek wrote about experiments on air and combustion ?
what type of immune systems are found in all plants and animals ?
objects of constant density are proportional to volume by what force to define standard weights ? .
what architecture type came before norman in england ?
how many ways are available to help reduce the stress of teaching ?
how old was martin luther when he married ?
who runs the university of chicago ?
what type of curricula is it that a teacher may likely follow ?
what happened to prompt nasa to record over archived magnetic tapes ?
what did luther refuse to do ?
what project put the first americans into space ?
what is victoria 's largest non-christian religion ?
what satellite was used when sky digital was launched ?
who put on a doctor who exhibition in 1991 ?
in what borough is there a neighborhood called huguenot ?
who else observed that luther view of souls was different form later views ?
how many children did luther and his wife have ?
the freedom to provide services under tfeu article 56 applies to who ?
what issues do member states say the court of justice does not have the final say on ?
what is located within this district ?
which fullback fumbled the ball after a darian stewart tackle ?
the rate of clearing of forest from 2000 to 2005 was how many square miles per year ?
which directive mentioned was created in 1994 ?
other than new york where did tesla conduct experiments ?
when did luther 's writings to spread to france , england and italy ?
who is videoguard owned by ?
what words to they think are linked to the work kenya ?
what one point was not agreed on that was dear to luther ?
what year was st. nicholas ' lantern tower made ?
what was renumbered in newcastle upon completion of the western bypass ?
what law connects relative velocities with inertia ?
what river originally bounded the duchy
according to game stats , which super bowl 50 quarterback had his worst year since his first season as a player in the nfl ?
how much correspondence did tesla send morgan in the five years following 1901 ?
what did the hamas charter uncompromisingly encourage ?
how many teachers were found to have felt occupational stress in a 2000 study ?
what party is strongest in melbourne 's affluent areas ?
aside from firebox , what is another name for the space in which combustible material is burned in the engine ?
which company won a contest to have their ad shown for free during super bowl 50 ?
there are 34 cities in southern california that have a population exceeding what number ?
where do most plants have chloroplasts ?
when did tesla attain his electrical transmitter patent ?
which descendant of genghis khan sacked baghdad ?
in what year did " the eleventh hour " play ?
what did the initial first stages of the saturn i tests carry ?
what two member nations of the holy roman empire received huguenot refugees ?
what castle currently houses the centre for contemporary art ?
when did tesla go to prague ?
outside of northern san diego , which other region contains business districts ?
in the philippines , what percentage of secondary school students attend private schools ?
when were the financial interest and syndication rules repealed ?
what is the goal of individual civil disobedience ?
what did iqbal 's allahabad address inspire ?
what kind of cpdna does maize have ?
what protection caused luther 's reformation to flourish ?
what was the uk governments benefits agenchy checking in 2012 ?
economy , energy and tourism is one of the what ?
when did huguenots colonize in north america ?
who did the nif regime harbor prior to 9/11 ?
what must a teacher show towards the course materials for increase learning ?
what is a a developing economy 's level of inequality bulging out called ?
what was temur khan 's chinese-style name ?
how are the packets routed
how many bodies of water makes up lake constance ?
what is the afc short for ?
where is the border of swiss and austria ?
what instrument is used to examine steam engine performance ?
what did the network install in 1999
what river separates jacksonville ?
what did microsoft announce that it would rename sky drive pro to ?
where did moncalm slip away to attack , left largely unprotected ?
how many stations did boston have in 1952 ?
who said , " here i stand . i can do no other " ?
in what year did tesla 's family move to gospic ?
whose former headquarters was the wse located in until 2000 ?
how many central conferences are outside of the united states ?
when did representatives start working on the finer details of the deal ?
what is the derivative of an object 's changing momentum called ?
in what year did richard trevithick patent his device ?
what is a lower rate of social goods an effect of ?
what part of the teaching council act requires registration ?
what native chief travelled to french fort and threatened marin ?
what was frensh military presence at start of war ?
what was the population density in 2000 ?
conservative islam classifies muslims who follow shia interpretation as what ?
when did tesla stop serving as the vice president of american institute of electrical engineers ?
how many times did luther preach in halle in 1545 and 1546 ?
what was the last doctor who episode that dudley simpson wrote music for ?
what should the punishment rely on instead in a just society ?
what major category of conservation result in an object that is more attractive and more comprehensible to the viewer ?
who did the broncos beat to win their division in 2015 ?
what kicker was successful on a 33-yard field goal ?
where did huguenots and walloons settle in england ?
what are the main legislative bodies of the european union ?
when did tesla first encounter alfred s. brown
the smaller streams are used for what ?
there were many mongols with what unexpected status ?
in which cardinal direction from los angeles is san diego ?
a function problem is an example of what ?
who won the elections in 1992 and 1997 ?
what type of hermaphrodite produces egg and sperm at different times ?
what color is phycoerytherin ?
who translated and printed luther 's 95 these ?
what city did super bowl 50 take place in ?
what is resposible for speeding up or slowing down an object ?
what actress did the asl translation for the game ?
what is the immune system ?
what had bhutto planned on banning within six months , before he was overthrown ?
which part of china had people ranked lower in the class system ?
what is the term for a task that generally lends itself to being solved by a computer ?
where do pharmacists acquire more preparation following pharmacy school ?
what do some encrypted broadcasts require to view ?
what is the name of the satellite that measured the amount of dust ?
what underground railways cover much of tyne and wear ?
what can a teacher with 25 years of experience make , in euros ?
what is the largest traveling fair in europe ?
what would a probationer need to do to earn more money , after 6 years ?
what is structural geology ?
what was the main idea of james hutton 's paper ?
how long since it 's been that geoglyphs were first discovered on deforested land ?
how do structural geologists observe the fabric within the rocks ?
what other digital tv service took sky uk limited 's most popular spot ?
who was the tangut general who fought genghis khan at deshun ?
after the oligocene period , under what period did the amazon rainforest begin to expand ?
what sea bordered genghis khan 's empire to the east when he died ?
what happens to the lead fusible plugs if the water level of the boiler drops ?
what jersey did the broncos wear for super bowl 50 ?
what was william johnson 's role in british military ?
where is the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction located ?
what school model is sweden notable for ?
where was abc marine world opened ?
what type of technology is the non organic separating of gases ?
in which case did the court of justice state that refusal to admit a lawyer to the belgian bar because he did not have belgian heritage was n't able to be justified ?
in which case did a german man claim the right to live in netherlands where he was a volunteer plumber ?
what did tesla spend astor 's money on ?
what language is used in chinese secondary schools in malaysia ?
who wrote of the savery water pump in 1751 's philosophical transactions ?
what happens as they build phase 1 ?
what did bach base entirely on luther chorales ?
when were images being used to promote the spread of lutheranism ?
what kingdom annexed warsaw in 1796 ?
what unforeseen problem caused tesla to hit his experiment with a sledgehammer ?
when was the city of malindi established ?
how is the plaster replica of verrocchio 's david displayed in the cast courts ?
who was considered to be the first choice in the nfl draft of 1998 ?
when was john gallagher born ?
what political party is strongest in melbourne 's working class suburbs ?
how else can petrologists understand the pressures at which different mineral phases appear ?
what satellite enabled sky digital to launch an all new digital service ?
what was the focus of luther 's last sermon ?
what opened on january 30th at the justin herman plaza ?
who transported tesla 's ashes from the us .
in what year did john and charles wesley come to america to teach the gospel ?
what bargain did his father make with him if tesla recovered ?
what do most platyctenida have on their aboral surface ?
approximately how many adherents does the united methodist church have across the world ?
what was the number of times the denver broncos played in a super bowl by the time they reached super bowl 50 ?
how many campuses does the university of california have ?
whose plan called for the mongolian army to split in two after the khwarezmian conquest ?
what is the longest river in germany ?
what type of valve is used by recent safety valves ?
whose 1758 portrait by françois boucher was part of jones bequest ?
what is the final stage of a bill in the scottish parliament ?
how would one describe the summers in fresno ?
how many scalar equations were formed into a set by james maxwell ?
what one word did the nfl commissioner use to describe what super bowl 50 was intended to be ?
levels of what things are used to determine emission factors ?
what does the u.s. economic and social model have substantial levels of ?
what is the process of vaccination also known as ?
in what year was a set of significant rule changes introduced including the forward pass ?
where is cyclic photophosphorylation common ?
which theorem states that all large odd integers can be expressed as a sum of three primes ?
who has the role of holding the scottish government to account ?
what was the final score of the game between the broncos and steelers ?
what cultural festival is the sama festival ?
how is temüjin written in pinyin ?
who would a teacher 's college be protecting ?
on what yard line did carolina begin with 4:51 left in the game ?
how big can ctenophora grow ?
what government agency supervised buddhist monks ?
what problem did some tree ring data have ?
what kind of problems are one of the main topics studied in computational complexity theory ?
how many universities offer an initial teacher education ( ite ) program ?
what are white blood cells known as ?
what denver player had 109 tackels for the 2015 season ?
what kind of water body is rumored to be obscuring genghis khan 's burial site ?
what museum specializes in cultural history and civilizations of the western hemisphere ?
what do etioplasts have instead of chlorophyll ?
what type of civil disobedience is larger scale ?
which noble helped establish the huguenot settlement in saarland ?
what did the public health cigarette smoking act ban ?
how old was peyton manning when he played in super bowl 50 ?
if p = np is unsolved , and reduction is applied to a known np-complete problem vis a vis π2 to π1 , what conclusion can be drawn for π1 ?
what is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey towards christian perfection ?
when the recovery between the widening gap between the richest citizens and rest of the nation slow ?
what is unique about a hermaphrodite ?
what is the logic behind the cicadas prime number evolutionary strategy ?
what do the top 400 richest americans have more of than half of all americans combined ?
in a steam turbine , what are rotors mounted on ?
when did konstantin mereschkowski suggest the origin of chloroplasts ?
what was the teacher 's role while the child was with them ?
of what is ozone a reactive part of oxygen ?
what player first won the heisman trophy for the university ?
approximately how many musical instruments were loaned to the horniman museum ?
where did the exposition take place ?
what type of film were excerpts from the show film on ?
brownlee argues that sometimes people behave in what way to have their issue heard ?
what process is responsible for the planet 's oxygen content ?
how old was john elway when he played in super bowl xxxiii ?
what is an apicoplast ?
what is stratigraphy ?
what program was created to carry out these projects and missions ?
what group has approved the appointment of an openly partnered lesbian to the provisional diaconate ?
what was luther 's major work of 60,000 words on the jews ?
what power is available to australian private schools but generally not present in public schools ?
who did the panthers face in the nfc championship game ?
what were the origins of the raouliii family ?
after cancelling the show , what did the bbc tell the public ?
according to luther what justifies us ?
in which year did the v & a opened the first permanent architectural history gallery in the uk ?
since this was the 50th one , what was the theme color for the super bowl ?
what public policy school found it 's home in the building that ludwig mies van der rohe designed ?
what kind of graph is an example of an input used in a decision problem ?
how do chloroplasts reproduce ?
what series featured doctors from the revised version of doctor who ?
who led the broncos with 105 receptions ?
what did the kenyan business people hope for when meeting with the chinese ?
who were the first two actors that played doctor who ?
what country boarders the south of kenya ?
how many residents were recorded in the 2010 census of jacksonville ?
when was newton the first selection in the nfl draft ?
what was the source of the mistake ?
in what kind of system of particles are there no unbalanced iinternal forces ?
when was the cabinet-level energy department created ?
which fort was rebuilt in 1964 ?
besides africa , where did germany have imperial interests ?
what did luther add to his catechisms ?
where do dikes form ?
who released a disco version of the doctor who theme ?
how many electorates does the state of victoria have ?
who became the first african americans ordained by the methodist church ?
how many atoms combine to form dioxygen ?
how much of the greenhouse effect is due to carbon dioxide ?
what military impact did huguenot immigration have on frederick 's army ?
who was tesla influenced by while in school ?
in which year did the v & a theatre & performance galleries open ?
how many receptors on a helper t cell must be bound to a mhc : antigen complex in order for the cell to be activated ?
name two series that have been reboots rather than plot continuations .
who was rewarded with building the csm ?
what did water that flowed towards the pacific have to flow across during the mid-eocene ?
when was most of sunnside developed ?
what welding process was demonstrated in 1901 ?
who is the final judge of right and wrong ?
how man of grainger town 's 450 buildings are listed ?
in which direction did the water on the eastern side flow ?
for most organisms , what is the dominant system of defense ?
what profession does simon kuznets have ?
how many seats does victoria have in the australian house of representatives ?
who do priesthood representatives defer to , at times ?
the academic body of the university is made up of how many professional schools ?
who said people involved in the ozone situation had " a better understanding of scientific ignorance and uncertainties " ?
when did setanta sports say it would launch as a subscription service ?
what was the occupation of doctor who 's other ( non-related ) companions ?
which network began airing the tgif comedy family matters for the 1997-98 season ?
when was it discovered that prime numbers could applied to the creation of public key cryptography algorithms ?
what army was pushing deep into polish territory to pursue the germans in 1944 ?
what equation desribed the physics of force before the current schrodinger equation ?
who escaped when temüjin emerged victorious in his conflict with toghrul ?
when did herve serve as a byzantine general ?
who was the first known european to visit china and return ?
what is another term for university-preparatory schools ?
which book discussed the theory about low populations in the amazon rainforest ?
how long is the section that turns north ?
what country uses the bowl of hygieia as a symbol of pharmacy ?
how far does one pharmacy in croatia date back to ?
by what document did the huguenots confess their faith to the portuguese in brazil ?
what collection does the v & a theatre & performance galleries hold ?
where does the ijssel branch flow ?
what color were the footballs handed out to a variety of high schools , leading up to super bowl 50 ?
which genus of ctenophores does not have cydipped-like larvae ?
what year saw the merger of two museums in newcastle ?
where did french fur trappers travel ?
what device is used to treat various conditions such as carbon monoxide poisoning ?
how many segments did the special originally have ?
who among the population of bukhara became part of the mongolian army ?
upon learning of a french scounting party in the area , what did washington do ?
what was iqbal studying in england and germany ?
how much of normal is the oxygen breathed in space suits ?
where does the rhine empty ?
what were two of fresno 's most beautiful architectural buildings that are now demolished ?
which two courts apply european union law ?
the mother of which emperor was a concubine ?
what happened to the sm upon reentry to the atmosphere ?
what do some people protest against ?
what is necessary to disobey ?
how many passing yards did cam newton get for his 4 of 4 passes ?
what area of brookhaven is still known for its high levels of crime ?
vice president agnew describes civil disobedience in what activities ?
what cycle starts with rubisco ?
when could a teacher act in the role of a parent ?
what does oxidative phosphorylation do ?
what kind of economy did northern california start to grow in the 2000s ?
after what year was compounding frequently used in marine engines ?
what is the unproven assumption generally ascribed to the value of complexity classes ?
what is the only dinophyte that has a non-rhodoplast chloroplast ?
how are peridinin-type chloroplasts ' thylakoids arranged ?
where was the v & a transferred to from its original location at marlborough house ?
what is doctor who 's space ship called ?
what is the main judicial body of the eu ?
how many people could the mercury capsule hold ?
what year was newcastle ninth in retail expenditures ?
a replica of what landmark was present at super bowl opening night ?
static friction balances what force when there is no movement of an object on a surface ?
what degree did martin luther receive on 19 october , 1512 ?
what did charles parsons invent ?
in what show did murray gold modify the closing credits theme ?
what do those in the field do to ensure a positive outcome ?
how much literature has been written regarding civil disobedience ?
what organization did general gaafar al-nimeiry invite members of to serve in his government ?
what is the last name of the player who bumped the ball away from manning in the fourth quarter of super bowl 50 ?
what chloroplast lineage is cyanophora in ?
where was the centrifugal governor first observed by boulton ?
in what year did roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players open ?
how many auricles do most species have ?
who lost to the broncos in the divisional round ?
what was the name of the experiment that tested how life originated ?
who followed matt smith in the role of doctor who ?
what is almost identical across all nations and jurisdictions ?
what year did a super bowl play in the bay area around san francisco , prior to super bowl 50 ?
what did the zuider zee brackish lagoon change into ?
who was the creator of the theme for the 50th anniversary special ?
name one country that banned boating , driving and flying on sundays .
how many touchdowns did jonathan stewart have in 13 games ?
in which year did the royal college of art gained full independence from the v & a ?
how many sororities are apart of the university ?
germany does n't have an imperialistic past until when ?
what was wrong with the pigeon ?
what did tesla 's teachers believe he was doing while in school ?
who were exempt from the ministry of justice ?
who handled pre-game coverage on westwood one ?
what is an additional meaning intended when the word prime is used ?
how are the votes weighted to ensure that smaller states are n't dominated by larger ones ?
how many grade one listed railway stations are in the uk ?
which family guy episodes contain doctor who references ?
which of his future generals joined forces with temüjin around the time of his escape from the tayichi'ud ?
what type of homes is fresno known for ?
how many doctor who christmas specials have been shown ?
what area was kublai trying to capture by attacking xiangyang ?
what are some proposals to connect campuses ?
when did tesla 's father die ?
what is a derogatory term for the christian academies that arose in the wake of school desegregation ?
how many did this epidemic in china kill ?
in what year was the 40th anniversary of abc 's founding ?
what is the rhine gorge known for ?
who attempted to arrange a compromise ?
what injury did thomas davis suffer in the nfc championship ?
how were huguenot settlers assimilated into north american society at large ?
what is decnet
since what year has the umc been exploring a possible merger with three historically african-american denominations ?
for what purpose do organisms make peroxide and superoxide ?
who caused the dissolution of the holy roman empire ?
what was media day called for super bowl 50 ?
when is the earliest britain had an imperialist policy ?
when was the final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly passed ?
what city did the grand canal reach during the yuan ?
what spot does doctor who hold in the 100 greatest british tv programs of the 20th century ?
which people brought forward one of the earliest examples of civil disobedience ?
how many times was cam newton sacked in super bowl 50 ?
after archbishop albrecht reviewed the theses , where did he send them ?
what is the name of contemporary mongolian currency ?
when was a zoological garden established in the praga park ?
what was the name of the serial where the valeyard appears ?
how many contributing authors does an ipcc report chapter have ?
how large are the outer pd ring 's filaments ?
what is european union law ?
which network broadcast the game in spanish ?
who first proved bertrand 's postulate ?
what town in upstate new york was settled by huguenots ?
what type of conservation effort is gaining attention in the amazon ?
when is the members debate held ?
when was the teaching council act passed ?
when did the channel 4 documentary undercover mosque air ?
what television specials did abc acquire the rights to in 2000 ?
what does the secretariat wing house ?
which country used to rule california ?
who created the nation 's first aviation community ?
which gas makes up 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere ?
what folks are likely to use words like " howay " and " hadaway " ?
how fast is pharmacy informatics growing ?
what type of movies were produced in jacksonville 's 30 studios ?
what did philip i wish to do around 1539 ?
what is the daleks ' main weakness ?
how many granal thylakoids are usually in each granum ?
thoreau mentions what type of person could corrupt a government system ?
how many earthquakes does southern california experience in a year ?
when did the fcc begin imposing fin-syn rules ?
what books did bayle publish ?
what theologian differed in views about the soul from luther ?
who supported andreas karistadt in reform at wittenberg ?
pressures greater than what can lead to convulsions ?
where did montcalm move his heaquarter to show strategic advancement ?
who is the general secretary for the national association of schoolmasters union of women teachers ?
in what year did abc submit licenses for 5 television stations ?
what is negatively correlated to the duration of economic growth ?
what does a student 's academic goals include ?
when rich countries trade with poor countries , whose wages increase ?
what civilization was the first known to clearly study prime numbers ?
what does the matching helper t cell release when it binds with the mhc : antigen complex of the b cell ?
what do current ctenophores have that fossils found did not have ?
what typeface are the letters in the iconic abc logo reminiscent of ?
how did the yuan come to have the 4 schools of medicine ?
who was hired to be the deputy director of the office of manned space flight ?
what are examples of economic actors ?
what was the outcome of living in the california redwood tree ?
what part of chloroplasts is n't similar to mitochondria ?
which examples of fashion does the museum continue to acquire for its collection ?
what types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician have ?
what does doctor who do when his body is mortally damaged ?
which region is represented the most in the textiles collection ?
who is required to verify and have existing utility lines marked ?
how many total yards did the panthers have in the nfc championship ?
at what time did tesla get dinner ?
how did luther 's tutors advise him to test what he learned ?
when was liquid oxygen developed for commercial use ?
which type of law makes eu institutions and its member states follow the law ?
which well-known general abandoned jamukha 's coalition against temüjin ?
ctenophora are less complex than which other phylum ?
what is the newer , more widely accepted theory behind the spread of the plague ?
when there are many workers competing for a few jobs its considered as what ?
what type of positions would these counties be trying to recruit for ?
who managed the original theatre royal in newcastle ?
in what year of 20th century , did harvard release an important document about education in america ?
what percentage of newcastle 's population is it believed the bolivians account for ?
what is the potential earnings for a job where there are few skilled workers but many available positions ?
what would a teacher do for someone who is cocky ?
when was the ottoman empire at its height ?
what can block a legislation ?
which group has young that are born with no tentacles and a large mouth ?
where are issues like abortion and drug policy legislated on ?
where did a bloody civil war break out ?
what is another name for any given measure of input associated with a problem ?
after what year did compounding cease to be used in britain ?
who contends that luther did not intend to oppose the church ?
how many photosynthetic carotenoids are there ?
what does graham twigg propose about the spread of disease ?
what are the principal cash crops in kenya ?
what was tesla 's position at the budapest telephone exchange ?
where does the newcastle student radio station broadcast from during terms ?
why did tesla want funds from morgan ?
what is the earliest known movie featuring scenes filmed outdoors in newcastle ?
what profession does zbigniew badowski have ?
besides taking in boarders , how did katharina help support the family ?
what chemical did priestley use in his experiments on oxygen ?
how many were killed by plague in naples in 1656 ?
what was manning 's passer rating for the 2015 season ?
what were shipbuilding and engineering important to newcastle for in the 19th century ?
what is a ctenophora ?
what is an important swahili settlement along the coast ?
when did building activity in the palaces and churches take place in the later decades of ?
which timeline is further expanded in the fourth scale ?
what is unusual about c4 plants ' chloroplasts ?
included in the v & a collection is dormer window dated 1523-35 from which european chateau ?
when were the talks held for braodcast right to the primier league for a five year period from the 1992 season ?
what have studies on income inequality sometimes found evidence confirming ?
how did luther want people to bring about change ?
upon what chemical characteristic is oxygen 's solubility dependent ?
how many times has polonia won the cup ?
what german ruler invited huguenot immigration ?
approximately how many items from the islamic world are held in the v & a collection ?
what kind of markets did nbc red serve ?
where was the space task group located ?
how near to his death was the work published ?
what do nuclear power plants heat to create electricity ?
what can scales and spring balances measure between two forces by using static equilibrium ?
how are chloroplasts similar to mitochondria ?
who was responsible for the preliminary archaeological research at ologesailie and hyrax hill ?
where does the gold in the parliamentary mace come from ?
who was named the president of abc news in 1977 ?
how many yards did the broncos ' defense give up ?
who was the first huguenot to arrive at the cape of good hope ?
what panther tore his acl in the preseason ?
what is the name of the desert city ?
what is the weakest main interaction ?
where did the french send a large number of settlers ?
who matters the most for economic growth ?
what does a big o notation hide ?
which country 's imports became the de facto mass market leaders ?
the rhine forms an inland delta into which lake ?
who originally hosted the syndicated version of who wants to be a millionaire ?
where is the z-ring ?
who played doctor who in the revival series ?
what force acted on bodies to retard their velocity ?
what is warsaw 's name in the polish language ?
how tall is the bank of america tower ?
who ruined roussel de bailleul 's plans for an independent state ?
what company was chosen to build a two-phase ac generating system at niagara falls ?
how many piston strokes occur in an engine cycle ?
where did british settlers live ?
the scottish parliament may legislate as it pleases as long as the powers are n't already reserved by where ?
why did harvard end its early admission program ?
how did brainbridge 's official ledgers report revenue ?
where did dinophysis get its chloroplasts from ?
in the 1980s , what cable sports channel did abc purchase ?
who introduced the first system of education ?
how many people attended the funeral ?
what are some supplementary sources of european union law ?
what is the population of the inner mongolia region of china ?
what is european union law ?
what kind of measurements define accelerlations ?
when was the apollo project conceived ?
in what year did the apollo 1 cabin fire occur ?
how many beds does the maria sklodowska-curie institute of oncology have ?
who funds the ipcc 's deputy secretary ?
who departed as president of capital cities/abc in 1994 ?
what act sets forth the functions of the scottish parliament ?
when was the soulages collection acquired ?
what is the most well-known algorithm associated with the integer factorization problem ?
how much does a probationer earn , after 6 years of service ?
at what wavelength do the spectrophotometric bands peak ?
who ends up getting more of the teacher 's resources in this scenario ?
what effect does european union law have on laws of member states ?
what type of missions were approved by mueller after the incident ?
what is the church 's theological orientation ?
which direction did romans use to drift through the rhine ?
what continent are the canarian islands off the coast of ?
what does a teacher need to be with regards to their subject matter ?
what older dynasty was replaced by the western liao , or qara khitai ?
how did king louis xv respond to british plans ?
besides countries of origin and date of production , how are the textiles classified ?
whose works helped tesla recover from illness ?
what number did early greeks not regard as a true number ?
what is another term for the pivot mounting ?
which team did gary kubiak play for when he was in the super bowl ?
when did the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences ?
what did martin brecht call luther 's stand on the jews ?
who makes formal appointment or dismissal decisions ?
who was frédéric chopin ?
why are n't some forms of hæmatococcus pluvialis green ?
what magnetic and electric force acts on a charge ?
of what form are rational primes ?
what year were the first doctor who stories available on cd ?
during summers , for what tournaments does abc air highlight programs ?
what was the score of the last game the carolina panthers played prior to the nfc championship ?
warsaw 's sidewalks and sanitation facilities are some examples of things which have what ?
what type of reaction is present in the emergency oxygen generator of an airplane ?
what are private secondary schools in germany called ?
who ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world ?
in what year was the battle that resulted from a confederate cavalry unit attacking a union expedition ?
how many graduate students does harvard have ?
what entity has taken the view that the goals of free trade are underpinned by the aims to improve people 's well being ?
in which year did john forster bequeathed his large collection of books to the museum ?
what does being an msp share with the house of commons ?
what goods were sold in a pharma ?
what is the name brand of the personal video recorder that bskyb offers ?
how did the huguenots defend themselves ?
what is the highest reference hospital in all of poland ?
what are some of scientists arguments ?
if polynomial time can be utilized within an np-complete problem , what does the imply p is equal to ?
what is the age range of most prostitutes in kenya ?
what reality series was the first spinoff of the bachelor for abc ?
when did good morning america begin airing ?
what station aired the super bowl ?
what practical role does defining the complexity of problems play in everyday computing ?
when did he talk about his beliefs in an interview ?
roughly how many clubs are ran at the university ?
what is a notable application of injectors today ?
what hypothesis is associated with the complexity class of p viewed as a mathematical abstraction with efficient algorithmic functionality ?
what is considered the centerpiece of the jameel gallery of islamic art ?
in schools using popularly based authority , what is public order like ?
what do the owners of more capital end up having ?
what were blank spaces used for on nineteenth-century maps ?
which mongolian word meaning wide-spreading may have contributed to the appellation genghis ?
who first described dynamic equilibrium ?
what is septicemia ?
how is the time needed to obtain the solution to a problem calculated ?
" an account of further discoveries in air " was published by who in 1775 ?
what did aristotle refer to forced motion as ?
what disagreement did montcalm and indians have ?
how long might a speaker address the members during the time of reflection ?
what is the gauge of the victorian rail lines ?
what was peyton manning 's passer rating for the season ?
who besides the russians are often left out of the colonialism debat ?
how many of jacksonville 's city residents are younger than 18 ?
when did people once again start to show an interest in tesla ?
what are presented to parliament in addition to the bill itself ?
what can increase the tension force on a load ?
classification of resources is contingent on determining the upper and lower bounds of minimum time required by what ?
which theory justifies imperialism in part ?
what will a society with more equality have ?
who did warsaw serve as the seat for in 1529 ?
beroida are known by what other name ?
who did the yuan 's increase in commerce help ?
how many affiliates carry the abc network feed in 480i standard definition ?
what is the mongolian name of the first mongolian laws codified in writing ?
what is the break down of years at different level of education ?
what stone was used for the staircase designed by j.w . wild ?
what country initially received the largest number of huguenot refugees ?
what is the escape of the steam unlikely to accomplish in all but the smallest boilers ?
what is the largest city in poland ?
how many times was the panthers ' quarterback sacked ?
how many seconds were left in the game when the patriots failed their 2-point conversion ?
what year did tesla enroll at an engineering school ?
what was the most important governmental change to land tenure ?
how do you pronounce fresno ?
how many residents of seville died of plague in 1649 ?
how did the project encourage the commercialisation of legumes ?
what kinds of growth did kublai encourage ?
what was suggested at the symposium in 1967
what building is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture ?
what concept explains why objects continue in constant motion ?
what did they want the educational system to be ?
what alumni wrote " the closing of the american mind " ?
most of the productions in the tgif lineup were produced by what production company ?
what was the target percentage of households bskyb wanted to reach ?
how many 2015 season interceptions did the panthers ' defense get ?
what kind of membrane do primary chloroplasts have ?
what city was former wwe nxt champion neville born in ?
what were these indulgences supposed to grant the giver ?
which areas were least vulnerable to disease ?
who was the chief executive officer when the service began ?
who did martin luther say was the lone granter of forgiveness ?
rather than the fuel , what is oxygen to a fire ?
what do ftsz1 and ftsz2 plus arc6 form ?
who asserted russia 's right to " self-determination ? "
where does the lek join ?
what use was suggested for the system
what did tesla claim to be able to transmit ?
when was the congregation at st. george 's founded ?
what was germany 's central interest ?
what are weak and electromatic forces expressions of ?
what does the nederrijn change it 's name to ?
whose ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment ?
which cultures are represented in the v & a 's collections ?
which descendant of genghis khan is remembered as having reunified china ?
in the determination of complexity classes , what are two examples of types of turing machines ?
how much victorian farmland is farmed in grains ?
in which city was tesla 's consultant job for westinghouse ?
how much does the rhine discharge at the dutch border ?
for whom was luther concerned about in mansfeld ?
who is the new companion for the 10th series of the revival ?
when was the umc founded ?
what 1971 film was shot on location in newcastle ?
what book did luther translate into german at this time ?
in contrast how were catholic saints portrayed ?
when is the wianki festival held ?
how many of the richest 400 americans grew up in substantial privilege ?
how did chinese medicine spread ?
what is the english translation of kunskapsskolan ?
when did the jin dynasty begin ?
what was the jacksonville fire later known as ?
who did the panthers play to advance to the super bowl ?
which nasa faction came around first to support the lor ?
what was the percentage of germans attending private high schools in 2008 ?
what happened to tesla 's funding once the war begun ?
who helped discover the turkana boy ?
from what project groups were the apollo astronauts selected ?
roughly how much is the student government 's budget ?
in what year was the first commercial steam powered device invented ?
what did stephen kemble guide the theatre royal through ?
what do the treaties generally limit ?
where were luther 's hymns included ?
who licensed tesla 's induction motor ?
when did hulu begin offering abc 's programs for streaming ?
what party rules in melbourne 's inner regions ?
what objects in organisms absorb singlet oxygen to prevent harm ?
what is the weight of a bushel of coal in pounds ?
what were features of apple talk
what culture 's arrival in scotland is know as the " davidian revolution " ?
how long ago did cyanobacteria enter a cell ?
from whom did the huguenots in south carolina purchase land from ?
what are some examples of territories where a member state is responsible for external relations ?
in a 4-cylinder compound engine , what degree were the individual pistons balanced at ?
when was the fso car factory founded ?
the issues of what era did tesla 's article talk about ?
what class of t cells recognizes intact antigens that are not associated with mhc receptors ?
around roughly how many students enroll yearly in creative and performing arts classes ?
what campaigh did the scottish national party ( snp ) run ?
as of what year were 10000 horsepower engines available ?
what is the problem with cysteine ?
who was the super bowl 50 mvp ?
where is another indoor location for a teacher other than a school ?
what are cancerous tumors of the skin known as ?
what is sometimes more effective than civil disobedience at times ?
how many muslims came from around the world to fight in afghanistan ?
what was telenet
what was warner sinback
how do competing businesses attract workers ?
who was abc 's third major rival in 1949 ?
what is the purpose of the aser ?
what other clashes were involved in taking louisbourg ?
what does a high tide risk near lands ?
what anitrust regulator had doubts about the itt and abc merger ?
where did it join in the direction of its flow ?
what are the exceptions in the constitution that require special considerations to amend ?
what was genghis khan 's tribes burial custom ?
what is the name given to the district that is associated with the motion picture industry ?
what did the lunar module provide to help get the apollo 13 home safely ?
what was result of french attack of trading centre ?
who did internet2 partner with
what nominal title did yuan emperors have ?
what is the youngest student a teacher might have ?
where did the congregation at st. george 's initially meet in 1767 ?
which years did tesla refer to as a time of terrible headaches and bitter tears ?
what kind of chloroplasts did diatoms have but lost ?
where did temüjin hide during his escape from the tayichi'ud ?
what religion is st cuthbert 's high school dominated by ?
besides leibniz , what other mathematician proved the validity of fermat 's little theorem ?
which state has the largest number of members ?
how many were killed by plague in italy in the 17th century ?
on what english calendar is luther commemorated ?
how much money has been raised by the host committee ?
what do clinical pharmacists specialize in ?
what other event made the bbc concerned that viewers had not seen the premier of doctor who ?
what kind of field is necessary to produce a magnet effect in oxygen molecules ?
where is the principle of proportionality recognized in the ec treaty ?
who brought together the former rivals at the signing ceremony ?
what was newcastlegateshead voted in 2006 ?
what type of approaches for primary school are available that are different than the norm ?
super bowl 50 determined the nfl champion for what season ?
western governments considered islamists to be the lesser of two evils when compared to whom ?
who is known as the father of the modern steam railways ?
what did herr gott , dich loben wir become known as ?
the use of what device represented the last major evolution of the steam engine ?
what type of cascade results when complement proteins bind to microbes and activate their protease activity ?
how many touchdowns did manning have at the end of the game ?
what is the smalled work force sector ?
which country is a traditional ally of israel ?
how many years was john fox the head coach of the denver broncos ?
who was richard 's fiancee ?
what declaration predicated the emigration of huguenot refugees ?
what show did peter jennings anchor for abc ?
what is the basic pay for a teacher , in euros ?
who decides who gets to speak in the chamber debates ?
what was the name of the launch vehicle for nasa , which north american aviation designed the second stage of ?
what did lane and vail finance ?
what dynasty came before the yuan ?
how do plants get chloroplasts ?
what is the nature of the relationship between t-cells and vitamin d ?
what was the year when tesla went back to smiljan ?
what kind of rail system is metro trains melbourne ?
which arts were often practiced together by the same artists ?
what have the dinophysis chloroplasts lost ?
what dutch document condemned the spanish inquisition ?
who conducted the 2011 online vote ?
when was opec production of oil being surpassed ?
sky movies and sky box office also include what optional soundtracks ?
when did tesla depart from colorado springs ?
what is the catholic doctrine of fides caritate formata ?
what is the current status of the haensch study ?
how many counties initially made up the definition of southern california ?
the presence of who is highly likely even in small projects ?
what series has an actor doing an impression of the fourth doctor ?
how many bits are often in the primes used for rsa public key cryptography algorithms ?
who made up 19 % of the student body in the 2012 spring quarter ?
for what invention was u.s. patent 1,655,114 granted ?
when american car companies rolled out with their domestic replacement cars , which policy ended ?
what activity maintains topographic gradients ?
when did kublai attack xiangyang ?
how did luther describe the university of erfurt ?
where do other tourist events happen in victoria outside of melbourne ?
when did the rivalry between westinghouse and edison reach its peak ?
who decides how land or property is allowed to be used ?
what percentage of leukocytes do neutrophils represent ?
why are researchers struggling to identify the history of the plague ?
why did warsaw become the capital of the commonwealth ?
what is the yuan dynasty 's official name ?
what is the fastest growing area in the pharmaceutical industry ?
for how long did tesla receive this compensation ?
what do progressive moderates of islam seek to separate ?
ip and am are most commonly defined by what type of proof system ?
dutch architect janjaap ruijssenaars 's performative architecture 3d-printed building is scheduled to be built when ?
who teaches the proper way of living in islam ?
by what name is that first huguenot church known today ?
what is the scenario called in which we do n't change our greenhouse gas creation practices ?
what type of compounds does oxygen most commonly form ?
how many different tv networks are considered to be the principal partners , when it comes to broadcasting nfl events ?
what is used to calculate cross section area in the volume of an object ?
bassett focuses on what to illustrate his idea ?
what is the typical annual cost for an irish private school ?
what were the annual carriage fees for the channels ?
the french church in portarlington was built when ?
what was the name of france 's primary colony in the new world ?
what virus did walter reed discover ?
what is it estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by ?
what new orleans stadium was considered for super bowl 50 ?
who has limited productive potential when faced with less access to education ?
what factors negatively impacted jacksonville following the war ?
when did luther write the hymn from depths of woe i cry to you ?
when was the french colony in modern day brazil founded ?
who was the abc radio president in 1968 ?
which river joins the rhine in duisburg ?
what is it called when steam propels a turbo generator with electric motor propulsion ?
when did he first get out of bed following the accident ?
what dynasties inspired the chinese-like elements of kublai 's government ?
how did tesla lose his tuition money ?
what kind of needlework was used in the creation of the bayeux tapestry ?
in what year did harvey martin die ?
what time do the msps normally decide on the motions and amendments from that day ?
how many casualties did british get ?
which group of ctenophore are are hardest to study ?
by how much did harvard management reduce its south africa holdings in response to pressure ?
where did the spring meetings of the nfl owners take place ?
what did edison machine works persue in 1890 ?
what delivery message was used
what company was formed by the merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting ?
who was in charge of the papal army in the war of barbastro ?
what year was the university of warsaw established ?
as a norm , what day of the week is the traditional media day held prior to a super bowl ?
who is the quarterback for the panthers ?
what position at abc did thomas murphy stay on for after stepping down as president ?
which type of school has a closer teacher-child relationship ?
what type of people were being brought back to the way of truth ?
what genre of music is lindisfarne classified as ?
where did many spanish catholic move after british takeover in florida ?
what kind of force does not exist under newton 's third law ?
what cataloging system was used by the national art library from the 1980s to the 1990s ?
who is an example of a sedentary people who were not favored by the laws of the mongol empire ?
how long did it take for the theses printing to spread thought germany ?
what doctrine did the doctrine of the principles of geology successfully promote ?
most of the museum 's collection had been returned by which year ?
who has loaned the raphael cartoons to the museum ?
which measure must be adopted when there is a choice between several ?
when did the iranian government enjoy something of a resurgence ?
what was normal british defense ?
when did the world 's population finally recover from the black death ?
what dynasty shared artistic inspiration with the yuan ?
why did tesla avoid by fleeing smiljan ?
what is the eighth most populous city in the nation ?
the movements of the lobates combs are controlled by what ?
khitan had been overthrown by which dynasty that genghis khan later defeated ?
what pathway that plays a role in immune response to viruses is present in all eukaryotes ?
when did michael eisner first join abc ?
what campaign did the communist regime initiate after wwii ?
what is the translation of the old north branch of rhe rhine ?
why was the dalek script rejected at first ?
colonies were a sign of what amongst european countries ?
other than l.a. which other county do many people commute to ?
what late gothic architectural sculptural feature is found on the tower above the main entrance ?
what does the replacement of the ticket machines and introduction of ticket gates herald the transition to ?
what tribe uses gps devices to map lands ?
why are newly discovered oil sold at a higher price ?
a teacher 's spark may create a spark where ?
what is the process of removing trees from a forest known as ?
which player did the turf collapse under during a game in the levi 's stadium ?
what is jacksonville 's hottest month on average ?
what is the name of one impressive continuation of the fermat primality test ?
why did the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church ?
when might starch grains become overly large ?
when did denmark join the eu ?
what additional srevice did bskyb offer besides video on demand that they claimed offered " substantially more value " ?
how often do trains journey to king 's cross ?
who led the third division in khwarezmia alongside genghis khan himself ?
which famous germain renaissance painter and printmaker is represented in the drawings collection of the v & a ?
what might the amazon forest become if it passes the tipping point and starts to die ?
to what is singlet oxygen more reactive ?
what lesson did johann von staupitz teach luther repentance was ?
what was the average cost of a 30-second commercial ?
what was the song dynasty 's capital ?
who led richard 's troops when cyprus was conquered ?
where can a tribute to the fall of warsaw be found ?
with what body must a pharmacy technician register ?
when was the opening of " super bowl city " ?
where does the cold water mix with lake constance ?
along with marine engines and industrial units , in what machines was compounding popular ?
warsaw summer jazz days is one of the many what hosted by warsaw ?
what type of behavior in primes is it possible to determine ?
when was marconi 's radio demonstration ?
what thesis specifies that a polynomial relationship exists within time complexities in a computational model ?
in a report on k-12 teachers , which teachers had the lowest median salary ?
what session is the scottish parliament in ?
what other two famous performers were part of the super bowl 50 halftime ?
when did genghis khan capture the jin dynasty capital ?
what is the only district in the cbd to not have " downtown " in it 's name ?
who lost to the panthers in the divisional round of the playoffs ?
in 1990 , what was the longest running primetime entertainment program in abc 's history ?
what kind of contract is given when the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction , while adhering to the performance specifications ?
for how long did huguenots continue to use french names ?
which tree species is planted in the two corners by the north facade ?
to which trading route did genghis khan bring a stable political climate ?
what type of boundaries help to define the way kids behave ?
how many tonnes of tomatoes does victoria produce ?
what are upper-level secondary schools called ?
along with english and mathematics , what subject replaced values education for fourth year students ?
when did the shah kingdom start to collapse ?
if roman numerals were used , what would super bowl 50 have been called ?
what new medical drama helped abc jump to second place in the ratings during the 2004-2005 season ?
what was invented in 1880 that revolutionized warfare ?
where might the doctor 's self-interest be at odds with the patient 's self-interest ?
what helped spread protestantism in france ?
what goal do many of these protests have ?
what were later yuan emperors disinterested in ?
in what city did the last super bowl in california occur ?
what is the name of the private day school for k-12 students the university runs ?
when did the bantu expansion reach the area from west-central africa ?
the region spans which mountains other than the transverse ranges ?
what schools do preparatory schools prepare british children to attend ?
how long is the section of the rhine near chur ?
when was the united methodist church created ?
who did abc sell it 's recording division to in 1979 ?
how much of the population is hindu ?
how much older was manning than newton during super bowl 50 ?
what are the main sources of primary law ?
what prize did peter higgs win ?
in what kind of fluid are pressure differences caused by direction of forces over gradients ?
how large was the audience bskyb said they could reach ?
to what may general global fields be transferred to or from ?
what kind of cell wall do cyanobacteria have ?
when was this proclamation issued ?
what is the name of the tv scrambling system bskyb uses ?
what modern city is located on the original huguenot colony ?
who is expected to lead the family in spiritual mentorship ?
many liturgies are derived from what book ?
what rates of health and social problems are in countries with high inequality ?
what powered tesla 's high energy terminal vacuum tube ?
who kicked a field goal for denver ?
abc purchased which of edgar scherick 's company ?
which company was tasked with trying to restore the original tapes ?
why was tetzel seeking money in germany ?
who was genghis khan 's father ?
which south asian island nation is represented in the v & a collection ?
who identified gravity as a force ?
what molecules are recognized as foreign by the immune system ?
in the effort of maintaining a level of abstraction , what choice is typically left independent ?
who married the wedding couple ?
what is victoria 's highest monthly temperature ?
who recorded a version of the doctor who theme with spoken lyrics in the 1970 's ?
who was kennedy 's science adviser that opposed manned spacecraft flights ?
for what reason would someone avoid crimes while protesting ?
why was he unable to enroll at the university ?
who had a 12-yard rush on this drive ?
when were shimer college students allowed to transfer to the university of chicago ?
how long has the imagery of the mermaid been used by warsaw ?
what paved the way for the augsburg confession ?
who wrote about the great pestilence in 1893 ?
what was the given name of miami 's stadium at the time of super bowl 50 ?
who purhcased the remaining 4 pacakages available to broadcasters ?
what are the exchanged particles predicted by the standard model ?
what are the three sources of european union law ?
what political leaning does the cato institute have ?
what is another term for rotors ?
what types of work did the han do in central asia ?
when did the colonization of india occur ?
how are green chloroplasts ' plastoglobuli arranged ?
what was believed to be the cause of devastation to the civilization ?
who said chloroplasts are similar to cyanobacteria ?
how many ministries of the scottish government does a committee typically correspond to ?
which year was the case commission v italy that dealt with cocoa products ?
what was the name of the first german settlement ?
evidence for what types of structures were found in 2003 ?
what spinoff of happy days debuted in 1976 ?
what type of medal did nasa give the astronauts who visited space and the moon ?
what was the civil disobedience performed at the test site ?
the present mediterranean sea descends from what sea ?
what is left of the dinophysis chloroplasts ?
what were the win/loss game stats for the denver bronco 's regular season in 2015 ?
what did nsfnet promote
unlike confirmation and profession of faith , what is a sacrament in the umc ?
what is an islamic revival movement ?
how many projects does the centre currently realize a year ?
what impact does higher worker productivity and leveled pay have on higher earners ?
what was the trend of female student population from 1970s and deyond ?
what is warsaw 's economy characterized by ?
in what meeting did shirley lay out plans for 1756 ?
what is the term when middle income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves ?
what percentage of oxygen is usually supplied by a medical mask ?
when had the six ministries existed ?
what is the population of the second largest city in california ?
what is the name of the state that the megaregion expands to in the east ?
what geochemist developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating ?
who invited washington to dine with him ?
why did gm , ford and chrysler introduced fuel-efficient and small cars to the us market ?
how many days after gagarin 's flight did the us house committee on science and astronautics meet ?
what are two of its subsystems ?
which reason is given sometimes to plead not guilty involving these matters ?
who selects and hires the best ideas and appropriate contractors ?
where did the genoese traders bring the plague ?
other than the motion picture and television industry , what other major industry is centered in los angeles ?
what company did worldvision sell a portion of it 's catalogue to in 1990 ?
who may change the date by up to a month , on the proposal of the po ?
what is the first major city in the course of the rhine ?
what was the name of temüjin 's wife börte 's first son ?
what is a turbine 's theoretical carnot efficiency ?
how much does a probationer earn , initially ?
when did isil pledge allegiance to al-qaeda ?
who did internet2 partner with
how many men would the lm take to the lunar surface and return to the csm ?
at what university 's facility did the panthers practice ?
who continued to hold the citadel of bukhara after the mongols took the rest of the city ?
fielding h. garrison believes that the science of geology can be traced to where ?
in the united states , what is a usual turbine speed with 60 hertz of power ?
what article of the grundgesetz grants the right to make private schools ?
what is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing nations ?
who did philip i want to marry ?
what meteorologist was also apart of the university 's faculty ?
case complexities provide three likelihoods of what differing variable that remains the same size ?
a complete loss of rainforest cover may be caused by what type of emissions ?
what is the english translation of tawhid ?
what type of radar was used to classify trees into four categories ?
who contributes to members business in addition to the proposer ?
what kind of structure is a carboxysome ?
antibodies are transferred to the gut of the infant through what means ?
what did temüjin promise his followers in exchange for their obedience ?
in what type of molecules are oxygen found ?
what political group began to gain support following the corruption scandal ?
where are many hospital pharmacies located ?
what is another name for the yosemite freeway ?
what was roaring as newcastle was stormed ?
what injury did thomas davis suffer during the playoff games ?
what is one criminal behavior that is hard to stop by authorities ?
how many major bus stations are in the city of newcastle ?
what is a popular strolling destination for the varsovians ?
if a force is pointing horizontally to the northeast , how many forces can you split the force into ?
when was the debut of the 1983 special called the five doctors ?
what do some community pharmacies do ?
who argues that the government redistributes wealth by force ?
what color jersey has denver 0-4 ?
which type of climate may have allowed the rainforest to spread across the continent ?
which battle did temüjin lose to jamukha shortly after his election as khan ?
what is the smallest geographical region discussed ?
what characteristic in recent years has been strongly tied with health in developed countries ?
what english law made that country more welcoming to huguenots ?
what have some inverted repeats become ?
who is eligible to toss their name in the hat to be first minister ?
where did martin luther go to school ?
how much of the global wealth will the wealthiest 1 percent own by 2016 ?
what compounds are released by injured or infected cells , triggering inflammation ?
who is most likely to be doing formal teaching ?
when did sideline jackets and hats start to feature gold-trimmed logos ?
where can one find the formerly huguenot farms in south africa ?
how many yards was the field goal gano made to make the score 16-10 ?
who is the only other afc champion team to wear road jerseys in a super bowl ?
who do clinical pharmacists work with much of the time ?
in what year was the world 's columbian exposition ?
what year was super bowl 50 ?
what are antimicrobial peptides that evolved as immune defense in eukaryotes called ?
which network broadcasted the 50th super bowl game ?
in what year did malaysia receive its independence ?
what is an object 's mass proportional to at the surface of the earth ?
what body has stated that physicians can also dispense drugs under specific conditions ?
what is the major tributary of the rhine ?
when did the german peasants war happen ?
when was the deportation of acadians ?
new cameras were introduced for the game , what degree of view do they provide viewers ?
in what year was the 20th anniversary special aired ?
by what year was selling children into slavery common among the mongols ?
what makes the method of trial division more efficient ?
what type of organization would need large quantities of pure oxygen ?
what did disney rename capital city/abc after first acquiring the company ?
what is the name of one type of prime where p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape ?
what was the date of the very first episode of doctor who ?
in what country is a background check required ?
what southern city did the huguenots settle near ?
who does a gender pay gap tend to favor ?
where did luther describe the resting place of the saints ?
what is the hottest temperature record for fresno ?
what island does the cold water flow of the rhine and lake constance flow to ?
how many companies were listed on the wse on august 2009 ?
who stripped the ball from newton on a 3rd and nine ?
what series years are available on blu-ray ?
when was the fcc 's sixth report and order released ?
what other forces were tainted by corruption allegations ?
other than surf , what other culture is southern california home to ?
what profession were ronald robinson and john gallagher ?
issues dealt with at westminster are not ones who is able to deal with ?
what was the last super bowl the broncos participated in ?
post 2008 undergraduate students are required to complete how many general education classes towards degree ?
what remained an important issue in scottish national identity for many years ?
at what time did martin luther die ?
what do the auricles do ?
what was norman cantor 's theory about the plague ?
who constructed newcastle 's station ?
how many times has a super bowl taken place at miami 's sun life stadium ?
what type of medicine did otachi focus on ?
when was the paper published that the " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " graph was based on ?
what did this agreement do ?
what surrounds plastoglobuli ?
what do pharmacy technicians depend on more and more ?
who is responsible for education in the country of australia ?
what may be named after a biblical figure ?
what is the largest stadium in australia ?
in what year was the school formed ?
when did paul rand 's iconic abc logo first debut ?
what did " the holy club 's " teachings emphasize ?
where does the rhine encounter it 's tributary the neckar ?
approximately how many silver and gold objects does the v & a have it its collection ?
how much did saudi arabia spend on spreading wahhabism ?
what country has the most illiterate adults in the world ?
where are reserved matters stated in the scotland act ?
when were the normans in normandy ?
how often does the general conference meet ?
the v & a 's youth outreach programme was a hallmark of whose directorship ?
when did french republicans back building the french empire ?
who did bskyb compete with initially ?
which famous dutch artist who painted the night watch is represented in the drawings collection of the v & a ?
when did buyantu resume testing potential government employees ?
if a and q are coprime , which theorem holds that an arithmetic progression has an infinite number of primes ?
why would rampant violence prevent people from going to work ?
how popular was coronation street in the late 80 's ?
