by what name was the mongol army that finally conquered bulgaria known ?
who was in command of the german military forces ?
in what year was irene elizabeth stroud convicted in a church trial ?
what is another general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings ?
where is doctor who the record holder for most successful science fiction series of all time ?
which buddhist monastery hosted the genghis khan mausoleum during the japanese occupation ?
which canal was dug in france to carry rhine 's water ?
what helps the process of free movement of goods ?
what year was the new bus station in newcastle officially opened ?
what is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure ?
debates about civil disobedience include or exclude what major practice ?
what chinese era name did kublai adopt ?
how did tesla attend the university ?
when did the warsaw area enlargement take place ?
what is the paper written by richard karp in 1972 that ushered in a new era of understanding between intractability and np-complete problems ?
in what part of the united states did many students migrate to christian academies during the desegregation period ?
what entities are included in the federal health care system ?
what panther tore his acl in the preseason ?
what type of impact does opportunity-based entrepreneurship tend to have on economic growth ?
colonialism often means a country doing what ?
in what color was the dot represented in abc 's 1977 id sequence ?
what religion were the normans
when did the syrian civil war begin ?
what year was the song fog on the tyne released ?
in what decade did the rankine cycle create 90 % of electric power ?
what city did the grand canal reach during the yuan ?
which timeline is further expanded in the fourth scale ?
what position did rivera play in super bowl xx ?
the french and indian war was the new world aspect of what european conflict ?
how are the votes weighted to ensure that smaller states are n't dominated by larger ones ?
because of the danger inherent in concentrated oxygen , what is a concern about keeping it ?
what country is abc broadcast in , in contrast to disney 's other channels ?
who departed as president of capital cities/abc in 1994 ?
who sequenced the first plastome ?
what lake in a german island mainau receives a fraction of the rhine 's flow ?
the academic body of the university is made up of how many divisions of graduate ?
what is student motivation about school linked to ?
what buildings held the milton friedman institute ?
who played the master in the 1996 tv movie ?
what is the effect of beta decay ?
which type of climate may have allowed the rainforest to spread across the continent ?
what did fritschel say the man 's sleep was disturbed by ?
complexity classes are generally classified into what ?
complexity theory seeks to define the relationship between the scale of algorithms with respect to what other variable ?
in what year did one individual suggest classifying the trees of the amazon into four categories ?
what replica was used for player introductions ?
who announced the game play-by-play for super bowl 50 ?
what was the source of the mistake ?
what did s & p recommend to somewhat remedy the wealth gap ?
what percentage of electrical power in the united states is made by steam turbines ?
what is the name of newcastle 's basketball team ?
what area was kublai trying to capture by attacking xiangyang ?
what radio station did abc purchase in may 1960 ?
which part of china had people ranked higher in the class system ?
what can be used to model tension forces ?
what was the name of the approved measure that helped cover the cost of major city projects ?
name two series that have been reboots rather than plot continuations .
what is a typical configuration
what is used to calculate cross section area in the volume of an object ?
who were the two abbots at fécamp abbey ?
disney-abc television group merged with abc studios and what other entity in 2009 ?
what society founded the university of chicago ?
how far apart are some of the neighborhood 's features ?
when did the movement that would become the united methodist church begin ?
what studio does abc own at 1500 broadway in nyc ?
where did golovin work prior to joining the " space vehicle panel " ?
what has recent testing of kuznets theory with superior data show it to be ?
what does 'pax mongolica ' mean ?
what did the ipcc apologize for ?
how many visitors did the britain can make it exhibition attract ?
reports document that how many parisien protestants were killed by september 17 ?
what movements pursued a more radical direction ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , what was the total umc membership overseas ?
what action by luther added to antisemitism in germany ?
where are the rows of combs located ?
on what service could the espn deportes broadcast be streamed ?
who makes decisions in between the four-year meetings ?
what network did abc beat out for third place in television ratings in 2010-11 ?
what type of skills does the market bid up compensation for ?
what is the last name of the player who scored a 2-yard touchdown in the fourth quarter ?
what cruise line has included newcastle as a departure port since 2007 ?
some of the income went to the purchase of arms which exacerbated political tension especially in which area ?
when did great britain claim australia ?
what book did martin luther translate to impact german culture ?
which network broadcasted the 50th super bowl game ?
what is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world ?
the immune system protects organisms against what ?
which country refused to content to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 ?
what did the next three drives result in ?
what is another general name for a religious teacher ?
what dynasty shared artistic inspiration with the yuan ?
what is notable about the amazon forest when it is seen from space ?
what are two anti-inflammatory molecules that peak during awake hours ?
to luther , what were all baptized christians considered to be ?
what should be avoided when talking to authorities ?
what northern province in france has a large protestant population ?
who lead the halftime show of super bowl 50 ?
what are the phagocytes that are located in tissues in contact with the external environment called ?
the corruption found by the committee of independent experts resulted to the creation of what office ?
what did objects in forced motion contain according to the late medieval idea that influence aristotle ?
if law breaking is not done in a public manor it is not considered what term ?
since students do not pay tuition , what do they have to pay for schooling in victoria ?
in experiments , a bridge of what element can be built between poles of a magnet ?
what organization did harvard found in 1900 ?
which theorem states that all large odd integers can be expressed as a sum of three primes ?
for what railroad did stephenson build a locomotive in 1825 ?
the lithosphere moves over which mantle n the theory of plate tectonics ?
which region of california is palm springs located in ?
what is the basic unit of organization within the umc ?
which british monarch appears above the frame around the arches and entrance ?
what can be considered as a function of market price of skill ?
what controls wages in a purely capitalist mode of production ?
what is tertiary education ?
to whom did luther send a letter containing his 95 theses ?
what profession does zbigniew badowski have ?
what modern-day country was tesla born in ?
how many buildings were razed by the jacksonville fire ?
when was the palace on the water rebuilt ?
what was the result of the 1967 referendum ?
what museum in newcastle is dedicated to children 's books ?
who said barton 's investigation was " misguided and illegitimate " ?
what does bskyb 's sport portfolio include ?
a replica of what landmark was present at super bowl opening night ?
what culture 's arrival in scotland is know as the " davidian revolution " ?
what issues do member states say the court of justice does not have the final say on ?
what is the weight of a bushel of coal in pounds ?
bacteria often secrete what kind of proteins to ingest a physical barrier ?
what is a prasinophyte ?
how man volumes does the the university of chicago library system hold ?
what governing body appoints commissioners and the board of european central bank ?
how long is the rhine ?
what is the area called near the rhine gorge with castles from the middle ages ?
how many people lived in warsaw in 1939 ?
in what city 's marriott did the broncos stay ?
who is the governor of india 's central bank ?
what is the weather type of mallee and upper wimmera ?
how many general questions are available to opposition leaders ?
how many refugees emigrated to the dutch republic ?
what produces the high levels of oxygen on earth ?
what book is revised after every general conference ?
whose 1758 portrait by françois boucher was part of jones bequest ?
what does a receiver have to be equipped with to view encrypted content ?
how much did it cost to build levi 's stadium ?
what mechanism can be used to make oxygen ?
what does kitab rudjdjar mean in english ?
who defeated the rebels at the battle of frankenhausen ?
what does the bathocyroe and ocyropsis do to escape danger ?
what is justifying grace also known as today ?
what is the name for a problem that meets ladner 's assertion ?
when were shimer college students allowed to transfer to the university of chicago ?
what increases student 's motivation to learn ?
what do these teachers not do ?
how much did westinghouse pay for tesla 's designs ?
how is genghis khan spelled in turkic ?
when did the court of justice rule that the commission could only propose that there must be some criminal sanctions ?
what made luther even more short tempered than usual ?
which year did the price of oil drop to $ 10 per barrel ?
what was the most important governmental change to land tenure ?
how would the geographical societies in europe support certain travelers ?
what shape of space did tesla consider a " false conception " ?
which company provided streetcar connections between downtown and the hospital ?
when was the last super bowl in california ?
what does stong force act upon ?
abc created what company as a syndication distributor in response to the fcc 's fin-syn rules ?
how much time was left in the game when denver took the score to 24-10 ?
what is the typical working fluid in a steam engine ?
how many more landing sites for the apollo missions did nasa have planned ?
what famous musician starred in stormy monday ?
during what period did the tower theatre re-open ?
what does rhodophyte mean ?
who were otachi ?
what type of locomotive was salamanca ?
what country was abhisit vejjajiva prime minister of , despite having been born in newcastle ?
who was abc 's third major rival in 1949 ?
what happened during the apollo 7 test mission to elicit them a lesser version of the dsm ?
what is the principle that states that with sedimentary rocks , inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them ?
to what did tesla attribute the unknown signals his radio received ?
which team in super bowl 50 had a 15-1 record ?
construction involves the translation of what ?
how many lea-funded 11 to 18 schools are there in newcastle ?
what is the parliamentary mace made of ?
what court is able to interpret european union law ?
how many seconds were left in the game when the broncos intercepted the pass that won the game ?
to which technology type that tesla worked on did the caption refer to ?
who won super bowl 50 ?
what former mvp was shown in the locker room ?
what cycle ac current system did tesla propose ?
most schools established by the umc are members of what group ?
what kind of amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions ?
who composed the original doctor who theme ?
who received a bid in 1915 ?
what decade marked abc 's transition to color programming ?
what do some community pharmacies do ?
when did mark woods leave abc ?
why are some forces due to that are impossible to model ?
what entity began producing television series for abc in 1962 ?
in nepalese private schools , what is the primary language of instruction ?
who is the trophy given to the super bowl champion named for ?
why was the dutch lawyer who moved to belgium while advising a client in a social society case told he could n't continue ?
who studies the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process ?
what does pharmacy legislation mandate ?
from which countries were the v & a 's collection of delftware produced ?
what type of markets is the dwelling type below ?
what are the agents the immune system detects known as ?
what group killed thousands of huguenots ?
what percentage of funds were given as charitable funds to causes in and around san francisco ?
what geologic feature is composed of oxygen oxides ?
what town in upstate new york was settled by huguenots ?
why were vocational subjects most important ?
what religion did the french spread along with their imperialism ?
which county is developing its business center ?
a growing number of new forms of procurement involves what ?
how many days does the parliament have to nominate a first minister after a general election ?
what region of the rhine was changed by the rhine straightening program ?
what magnetic character do triplet o2 have ?
what did luther tell monks and nuns about their vows ?
what did al-gama ' a al-islamiyya use to get its way ?
what has caused oxfam 's findings to be questioned ?
when did prime minister wilson commit to some form of devolved legislature ?
what type of microscope is used by petrologists ?
what caused the need for principal treaties that ended up forming the eu ?
where is the tyneside bar located ?
who contends that luther did not intend to oppose the church ?
what did the mongols shield themselves with while attacking samarkand ?
what areas did french recruit natives from ?
the loss of biodiversity may be the result of what , according to environmentalists ?
who did the broncos beat to win their division in 2015 ?
what was maria curie the first female recipient of ?
how great were the losses suffered in the the financial crisis of 2008-09 to harvard endowment ?
what is the benefit of polypeptide binding ?
what order did british make of french ?
what year did the flood that impacted the meuse take place ?
which fantasy books have references to doctor who ?
the loss of edinburgh pentlands really disappointed whom the most ?
halford mackinder and friedrich ratzel where what kind of geographers ?
what was the score of the last game the carolina panthers played prior to the nfc championship ?
a teacher 's spark may create a spark where ?
which mongolian president lauded genghis khan on the 850th anniversary of the conqueror 's birth ?
who used imperialism during their rule of the mongol empire ?
which nasa faction came around first to support the lor ?
what does the el centro metropolitan area and san diego-carslbad-san marcos metropolitan area form ?
what is the lower canal regulation of the rhine ?
what year was the treaty of amsterdam created ?
where did french fur trappers travel ?
who arranged for tesla to demonstrate his system at the ieee ?
above what horsepower are steam turbines usually more efficient than steam engines that use reciprocating pistons ?
what is the super bowl program called that gives local companies business opportunities for the super bowl ?
who demonstrated that p= np implies problems not present in p or np-complete ?
how many people were in french north american colonies ?
who had kublai wanted to succeed him ?
whose principles were the principle of faunal succession built upon ?
which year was the case commission v italy that dealt with cocoa products ?
which mongol conqueror was most celebrated by the mughal emperors ?
what is the earliest that bach began using luther hymns ?
what legitimate dynasty came after the yuan ?
problems capable of theoretical solutions but consuming unreasonable time in practical application are known as what ?
the university 's center in beijing is located next to what school 's campus ?
while competition between workers drives down wages for jobs with a high supply of worker , whose competition drives wages up for the inverse ?
what was the hymn meant to examine students on ?
when was the ottoman empire at its height ?
what injury did thomas davis suffer in the nfc championship ?
the area where jacksonville currently sits has been inhabited for how many years ?
what type of system takes students from one specialist to another for each subject ?
what was the steam engine an important component of ?
what are those from jacksonville sometimes called ?
when did henry issue the edict of nantes ?
whose goals often still oppose the ipcc ?
what developmental network was discontinued after the shutdown of abc1 ?
to which year is the becket casket dated ?
who is responsible for ensuring the parliament works smoothly ?
at what size and larger can drugs elicit a neutralizing immune response ?
when was apollo 6 , or as-502 , tested ?
who decided not to come visit the country in 2013 ?
what type of movement is the muslim brotherhood ?
what is the land area of jacksonville ?
when might starch grains become overly large ?
the initial lm weighed how much in kgs ?
what is a ppp also known as ?
how many bafta tv awards has doctor who won ?
when was the heatwave in which hopetoun recorded its highest temperature ?
where did the panthers practice at for super bowl 50 ?
strictly speaking who was included in datanet 1
where is the comparison found of this lord 's prayer hymn ?
when did the logo bug begin appearing throughout the entire program for abc shows ?
what was the name of westinghouse 's company ?
which district in fresno is known as the center for the heavy metal community ?
which tree species is planted in the two corners by the north facade ?
how much land do farms use in victoria ?
bqp and qma are examples of complexity classes most commonly associated with what type of turing machine ?
what is the city centre of warsaw called in polish ?
what was the most important of these cities or towns ?
when was luther 's writings about the jews ignored , according to johannes wallmann ?
who was the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences ?
who warned of the potential impact ?
what is stress-management training considered to be ?
which denver player took the ball to the panthers 14 yard line ?
what trend increases the organic composition of capital over the long term ?
common sense realism of what scottish philosophers did agassiz incorporate in his dual view of knowedge ?
how much of australia 's milk is produced in victoria ?
where do thrust faults form ?
when a commission reached no decision , what happened ?
what former building is currently known as grand 1401 ?
what one point was not agreed on that was dear to luther ?
how are peridinin-type chloroplasts ' thylakoids arranged ?
the paternity of which of genghis khan 's sons was disputed ?
who notably improved the savery water pump ?
whose occupation of kuwait did the us military personal seek to put an end to ?
which task force states that pornography is harmful ?
which section of the rhine is most factories found ?
what is the lone mls team that belongs to southern california ?
what did donald davies develop
how many nfl teams have had only one loss by the end of a regular season ?
how many soldiers did genghis khan take with him to khwarezmia ?
what do the auricles do ?
what were the fossils that were found to represent ctenphores missing that current ctenphora have ?
who did newton complete a 45 yard pass to on the opening drive of the second half ?
in what borough is there a neighborhood called huguenot ?
what month , every four years , are the ordinary general elections held on ?
how far is fresno city college from the tower district ?
what profession did martin 's father want his son to pursue ?
when was there a armed protest at ballarat about mining taxes ?
what is luther 's opinion of what the law covers ? ?
which fresno district is the center for the lgbt community ?
in what year did fresno experience the most rainfall ?
what evidence between and among complexity classes would signify a theoretical watershed for complexity theory ?
where was the manned spacecraft center located ?
what is considered the epitome of the rhine romanticism ?
what type of space in warsaw are the botanic garden and university library garden ?
to what level would the polynomial time hierarchy collapse if graph isomorphism is np-complete ?
what has crime rate been show to be correlated with in a society ?
what mountain has snow on it all year round ?
during withdrawal from fort william henry , what did some indian allies of french do ?
what did " the holy club 's " teachings emphasize ?
what is warsaw 's symbol ?
some of the objects held in the jameel gallery of islamic art come from which european country ?
when was tesla brought to gospic ?
other than t cells , what other immune cells express cyp27b1 ?
when did zwilling and karistadt become active at wittenberg ?
what is one straightforward case of a probabilistic test ?
when did the exploration of the interior begin ?
what star trek episode has a nod to doctor who ?
what was tesla 's mother 's name ?
what anitrust regulator had doubts about the itt and abc merger ?
the sculpture of amida nyorai that is included in the v & a 's japanese art collection is dated to which century ?
how much support is there for the us approach to economic development ?
what type of landscapes other than geologic and natural ecosystem landscapes can be found in southern california ?
what globally popular half marathon began in 1981 ?
what format is abc 's master feed transmitted in ?
when do members proceed to vote on whether they agree to the principles of the final bill ?
what was the name of france 's primary colony in the new world ?
who did the broncos defeat in the afc championship game ?
what version of windows supported the cbs sports app ?
other than the desert city why do many locals and tourists frequent southern california ?
what type of boundaries help to define the way kids behave ?
the silver and gold collection of the v & a is divided into which categories ?
who was genghis 's 3rd son ?
what do the animal locomotion photographs capture ?
how are green chloroplasts ' plastoglobuli arranged ?
which kicker had a portion of the turf collapse , causing him to miss a field goal ?
what was tesla 's father 's original plans for tesla ?
what year was the decision made to cancel apollo missions 18 and 19 ?
which station covered the game for north carolina ?
who proved that air is necessary for combustion ?
what type of issues are members typically allowed to vote as they please ?
when did sunday night football premiere on nbc ?
when did wls launch a lineup of abc radio programs ?
who is an example of the diversity of leadership in the mongol empire ?
what type of wages result from jobs where there is low supply but high demand ?
how many companies were listed on the wse on august 2009 ?
how many years do elders serve as provisional elders prior to their ordination ?
who was the first democratically elected president of egypt ?
what was henry iv known as before taking the throne ?
what kind of memory was tesla thought to have ?
what does n't change from being at rest to movement at a constant velocity ?
what sort of continental sculptors are represented in the british galleries of the v & a ?
in what year was hatmanis and stearn 's seminal work in computational complexity received ?
other than san bernardino , which other developed southern californian city is not in close proximity to the coast ?
what prohibits atoms from passing through each other ?
in what month is the university 's scavenger hunt ?
what is the usual source of heat for boiling water in the steam engine ?
how do private schools in ireland differ from most ?
what other european protestant leader was educated at the university of paris ?
what was the starting cost for a tv commercial lasting 30 seconds and airing during super bowl 50 ?
to which trading route did genghis khan bring a stable political climate ?
what was the black death originally blamed on ?
what was the basis mentioned for the develpment of the general theory of relativity ?
what is the name of the current king of thebes in the play ?
where was the muslim brotherhood founded ?
what type of mixture was created to replace the pure oxygen atmosphere inside the cabin ?
what is the smallest number of bolivians it 's estimated live in newcastle ?
how many square kilometers is the amazon basin ?
civil disobedience is mainly performed by what population group ?
what does the ruhr provide to it 's community ?
what was intended to take a csm and lm , fully fueled , to the moon ?
what will v & a dundee focus on ?
approximately how books did alexander dyce bequeathed to the museum ?
was is the name of the torchwood series that was mostly based in the us ?
what tax rate has a direct relationship with income inequality ?
approximately how many items are in the v & a 's textiles collection ?
tesla 's induction motor and transformer was licensed by whom ?
how long ago was it when the water broke through the purus arch ?
what article of the grundgesetz grants the right to make private schools ?
in which case were french vigilantes sabotaging shipments of spanish strawberries ?
how many total yards did the panthers have in the nfc championship ?
what was the final score of super bowl xxxiii ?
what is a spark or heat to the progress of a fire ?
what was the final score of the game between the panthers and the seahawks ?
what is the biggest abc subchannel affiliate by the size of markets ?
where was a cinema relocated while repairs were underway ?
what was manning 's passer rating for the 2015 season ?
what type of climate does jacksonville have ?
what architecture type came after norman in england ?
who did tesla refuse to see following the accident ?
what kind of bureaucracy did the normans institute ?
what year did the financial interest and syndication rules result in abc 's decision to split abc films into two companies ?
what did jews refuse to accept that caused luther to call them blasphemers and liars ?
what first opened in 1837 ?
was the lm intended to return to earth at all ?
by whom is european law applied by ?
who was appointed as the replacement for duke yansheng kong duanyou ?
what did luther speak out about in saxony ?
where are issues like abortion and drug policy legislated on ?
how many times was cam newton sacked in super bowl 50 ?
what nuclear forces only act at short distances ?
what earlier hymn was luther 's adapted from ?
when did luther waken with more chest pains ?
what happens after the lead melts ?
which rival of the mongols is suspected of inventing the story that genghis khan was murdered by a captured princess ?
what are the total number of votes to be counted during the voting process ?
what doctor who actor won a best actor award in 2012 ?
what flows between bingen and bonn ?
philo of byzantium ____ surmised that air converted to fire
how much saharan dust remains in the air over the amazon each year ?
who was the quarterback for the broncos 2015 season ?
what provided much of the basis for the structure of the parliament in 1995 ?
who was the speaker of the tribal council ?
what device is a dry cooling tower similar to ?
what si the comparison to sea level with the oxygen level in space suits ?
approximately how many names were signed on an online petition on the parliamentary website in response to the closing of the musical instruments gallery ?
who kicked ethelred out ?
the central pacific railroad established a station for its new line in what year ?
how did brainbridge 's official ledgers report revenue ?
what did herr gott , dich loben wir become known as ?
although some acadians went to france and other destiantions , what north american city did many move to ?
what covered scandinavia , the baltics , scotland , and the alps in the last ice age ?
what goal does islamism have when it comes to society and government ?
why do police and fire services fall under the purview of the scottish parliament ?
who designed the main façade that stretches along cromwell gardens ?
how much of the sun is made up of oxygen ?
what percentage of prime-time tv viewership did the three big networks represent in 1980 ?
when was he elected by nixon ?
who was westinghouse 's chief rival ?
what harvard alumni was the palestine prime minister ?
who made ralph earl ?
natural killer cells recognize cells that should be targeted by a condition known as what ?
what did john dalton think that all elements were in number present in compounds ?
which mission did schmitt finally land on the moon ?
how long may the amazon rainforest be threatened , according to some computer models ?
how much money has been raised by the host committee ?
why is it difficult to resolve disagreements about the changes in the amazon rainforest ?
what analyst did not agree with the ruling of the incomplete pass ?
what types of scientists looks for signs of magnetic reversals in igneous rocks within the drill cores ?
who were the westwood one color analysts ?
who found that there was a developed culture of commissioner 's who lacked responsibility ?
where is the apache point observatory located ?
after what higher learning model was the school designed ?
who designed the sage gateshead music center ?
when rock folds deep in the earth it can fold one of two ways , when it buckles upwards it creates what ?
why was there a depreciation of the industrialized nations dollars ?
what characteristic best describes the agricultural regions that could be found ?
which department sponsors the victoria and albert museum ?
what is one issue that adds to the complexity of a pharmacist 's job ?
what is the name of the egyptian papyrus that suggests that they may have had knowledge of prime numbers ?
savannah areas expanded over the last how many years ?
where does the ijssel branch flow ?
the s-ivb-200 was used in what stage of the saturn v ?
what act sets the term for judging the boundaries of sanity to which individuals wishing to sit on the sp must adhere ?
what kind of human t cells respond to common molecules produced by microbes ?
when was the european communities act created ?
how many pd rings are there ?
when did the ban on cigarette advertising take effect for television networks ?
which company was given permission to air tv commercials during super bowl 50 at a discounted price ?
what shape are granal thylakoids ?
what is one work by olivier messiaen ?
what were some of tesla 's experiments ?
what is the country known for ?
what satellite was used when sky digital was launched ?
what are two types of phagocytes that travel through the body to find invading pathogens ?
who did the snp obtain 16 seats from ?
what term did he use for what he believed would be humanity 's future rulers ?
what needs to be larger to get the same work out of lower pressure steam ?
charles conrad and alan bean were on what spacecraft to the moon ?
who long was the broadcast delay claimed to be the first time the series premiered ?
who captured and held temüjin prisoner around 1177 ?
survival needs such as income for food and shelter motivates what type of entrepreneurship ?
which mongolian word meaning wide-spreading may have contributed to the appellation genghis ?
with what european country did the huguenots feel kinship for emigration to ?
what is tuition for 2012 - 13 year at harvard ?
any number larger than 1 can be represented as a product of what ?
what type of committee is set down under the sp 's standing orders ?
what became the foundation of the reformation ?
lots of tumor cells have fewer of what type of molecule on their surface ?
what is the mlolongo system ?
what is the guidebook for local churches and pastors ?
what are the factors that are contributing to the desire to have sr 99 improved to be of interstate standards ?
what other visual phenomena accompanied tesla 's visions ?
what is another term for tesla 's visualization ability ?
what is the exact date of the v & a 's official opening ?
when did levi 's stadium open ?
acessing the amazon rainforest was restricted before what era ?
who was the first person to play the master ?
who started at tight end for the panthers ?
how does the d-loop finish replicating ?
what important legislation was passed by congress for the television industry in 1961 ?
who did a morphologically analysis in 1985 that concluded cydippids are not monophyletic ?
how many classes of immune hypersensitivity are there ?
what was thoreau 's punishment for not paying his taxes ?
what year did roger de tosny fail to accomplish what he set out to do ?
what entity did tesla believe would not be able to solve the problems of the time ?
when is the oldest recorded incident of civil disobedience ?
who was count of melfi
how much literature has been written regarding civil disobedience ?
what is the name of the area that the main campus is centered in cambridge ?
what canadian cable station started showing doctor who in 2009 ?
what were the structures built by the soviets typical of ?
what does the umc oppose as incompatible with the teaching of scripture ?
there are two of what type of institution in newcastle ?
what is the name of the university 's core curriculum ?
who was the bauhaus typeface originally designed by in the 1920s ?
what may cause " motivational embellishment " ?
which river joins the rhine in duisburg ?
there have been major changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last how many years ?
thoreau mentions what type of person could corrupt a government system ?
which leaders did the islamic extremists attack ?
how much is terra preta distributed over the amazon forest ?
what else did tesla do for work at this time ?
where and when did the investigation of the plague pathogen begin ?
how was the dutch name for the rhine originally spelled ?
whose trains serve destinations in yorkshire ?
how many types of movements do euplokamis tentilla have ?
in south africa , along with privately governed schools , what schools are classified as independent ?
what conservative international relations scholar is also a university alumni ?
what is a turbine 's theoretical carnot efficiency ?
who specifically does ht target to change the opinion of ?
what year did bskyb acquire sky italia ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , what was the total umc membership in the u.s. ?
how is unregistered property held in informal form ?
in what year was the great internet mersenne prime search project conducted ?
what was the pedestrian mall renamed ?
the house of the baryczko merchant family is a notable example of what type of architecture ?
in 2012-13 , abc debuted a comedy last man standing starring who ?
what is the name of the turf used in levi 's stadium for the super bowl ?
why would a person chose civil disobedience against specific laws ?
what ranking in terms of busiest airports from international passenger volume is the los angeles international airport ?
who are the chief administrators of the church ?
what types of waves do seismologists use to image the interior of the earth ?
who did carolina beat in the divisional round ?
the los angeles rams are an example of what kind of sports team ?
where is the airport located ?
who had the most receptions out of all players for the year ?
what was the colonia agrippina 's original name ?
where was edison machine works located ?
in a steam turbine , what are rotors mounted on ?
who noticed that luther 's view of the soul after death differed from later theologians ?
what was one proposal to let the ipcc respond to new evidence faster ?
what were the national elections in 1991 canceled by ?
when did the very first plugs-out test occur ?
when did good morning america begin airing ?
what kind of disorders occur when part of the immune system is n't active ?
what status has the brotherhood obtained in the islamic world ?
how many will the host committee dedicate to local charities ?
other than many sunny days , what characteristic is typical for the climate in souther california ?
what kind of company is sky uk limited ?
what year was jamukha elected gür khan ?
when did abc first premiere who wants to be a millionaire ?
who led the broncos with 105 receptions ?
how many square kilometres of the amazon forest was lost by 1991 ?
what year did consolidation cause jacksonville to become part of duval county ?
when imperialism impacts social norms of a state , what is it called ?
what does the wg i summary for policymakers report say human activities are doing to greenhouse gases ?
which belgian footballer claimed that he should be allowed to transfer from one football club to another when his contract was fulfilled ?
what are phycobilisomes ?
when did the german peasants war happen ?
how many punts did ted ginn jr. return ?
who is the president of egypt ?
what is the atmosphere in a school using popularly based authority ?
which diseases do many scientists believe contributed to plague pandemic ?
who had the most rushing yards on the broncos ?
what does the local council hope will help cut down traffic congestion in newcastle ?
who is currently the president of the council ?
compared to smeaton 's improvement on newcomen 's engine , how much coal did watt 's engine use ?
in 2009 what was the total of grants awarded from harvard ?
in 1949 , abc had less coverage than what competing networks ?
who is most likely to be doing formal teaching ?
what underground railways cover much of tyne and wear ?
how long did phillips manage the apollo missions ?
who among the population of bukhara became part of the mongolian army ?
in what century did mayow and boyle perform their experiments ?
when tesla attempted to photograph mark twain , what was the only thing that showed up on the image ?
the great internet mersenne prime search , what was the prize for finding a prime with at least 10 million digits ?
what did priestley name the gas his experiment produced ?
what is the obligation of a pharmacy filling a prescription ?
which countries are represented in the far eastern collections ?
what may have caused rainforests to grow across south america ?
what did iqbal 's allahabad address inspire ?
what are colloblasts ?
what did tesla struggle with while in school ?
beginning in what year was harvard on top of the world reputation rankings ?
what position did fred silverman leave abc to take in 1978 ?
how much victorian farmland is farmed in grains ?
what are the three major traditions present in christianity ?
from 1947 to 1967 , how much did the price of oil increase ?
what was the 2007 episode that featured the master 's return ?
which journal was the joint statement published in ?
where does the livestock of the country normally dominate ?
who was guy 's rival ?
what is creon trying to stop antigone from doing in the play ?
why do some tribes use remote sensing technology ?
what position did tesla accept at the exchange ?
an igneous rock is a rock that crystallizes from what ?
what can cause fluctuations in the production of corn ?
what notion keeps it 's meaning through both netonian and schrodinger physics equations ?
what was the name of the serial where the valeyard appears ?
of whom , to luther , was justification entirely the work ?
what yard line was a gold color for all teams during the season ?
how did the rocks on the moon compare to those on earth ?
how much of warsaw 's population was jewish ?
why did the 5th president of the university decide to get rid of the football program ?
what did luther think reason could not be used to test ?
what type of math was advanced during the yuan ?
what career does joseph stiglitz have ?
what would be odinga 's role in the government ?
who came up with the concept that falling objects fell at the same speed regardless of weight ?
how many species of ctenophora have been validated ?
what does lack of education lead directly to ?
what do ftsz1 and ftsz2 plus arc6 form ?
what was the name of the work to give grants for youth development and other things ?
how many fraternities form the university of chicago interfraternity council ?
which company won a contest to have their ad shown for free during super bowl 50 ?
what was the last name of the player who took the ball away from newton late in the fourth quarter ?
how many yards did the panthers get for the division championshipt game ?
what were isaac 's chains made out of ?
what did cbs provide of the super bowl 50 broadcast for its website , some apps and media players ?
what is the name of another algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers ?
what was loudoun 's plans for 1757 ?
how much food does a ctenophora eat in a day ?
what was used to create a new electromagnetic theory to reconcile the troubles with electromagnetic theory as it used to stand ?
humor is a part of the classroom for what type of teacher ?
how many people attended the 2003 ipcc meeting ?
what famous composer used a lutheran hymn in his work ?
what is one type of public key cryptography algorithm ?
what device is used to recycle the boiler water in most steam engines ?
name one way in which a person can become a professing member ?
what was used to from political alliances among the mongolian tribal confederations ?
how much lower was the north sea in the last cold phase than it is today ?
what proclamation abolished protestantism in france ?
what genre of music is lindisfarne classified as ?
how many miles across the atlantic ocean does saharan dust travel ?
who do clinical pharmacists work with much of the time ?
when was the last episode of the original series ?
what does the eu 's legitimacy rest on ?
in which region tribe were large settlements discovered ?
what event was the worst example of huguenot persecution ?
what was the name of the battle that marked the first confederate win in florida ?
which month is the first in the year parliament takes a two week vacation ?
how big were his artificial bolts ?
le grand asks for a variance of what three terms ?
how many seats are in the debating chamber ?
how many tons of dust are blown from the sahara each year ?
when was the concept of a social market economy introduced into eu law ?
what generally does not allow citizens to sue other citizens ?
turing machines are commonly employed to define what ?
persistent unemployment has what effect on long-term economic growth ?
what was increased in november 2011 ?
what is harvard 's total financial aid reserves ?
what did saudi arabia try to repress to compensate for its loss of stature ?
what is the maximum square miles did betty meggers claim that can be sustained in the rainforest ?
the term imperialism has been applied to western countries , and which eastern county ?
what did the analysis from the sediment deposits indicate ?
during what year were citizens or corporations said to not be able to bring claims against other non state parties ?
what class of ships is an example of large passenger liners ?
near chur , which direction does the rhine turn ?
when the rhine emerges from lake constance which way does it flow ?
how do platyctenids reproduce ?
what is the former name of the v & a theatre & performance galleries ?
in what process is the uptake from oxygen necessary ?
who included 1 as the first prime number in the mid 18th century ?
what is the problem with cysteine ?
what is kenya doing to determine if there are more reserves ?
what was found to be at fault for the fire in the cabin on apollo 1 regarding the cm design ?
the university of chicago library system has how many libraries in total ?
what is the most feared condition that divers want to avoid ?
what percentage of filipino primary school students are in private schools ?
when did singer dispute the graph at a senate hearing ?
what does oxygen therapy promote the body to take up ?
what did olivier roy state underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century ?
when did abc premier the flintstones ?
what bacteria lives inside a protective capsule that serves to prevent cell lysis ?
what is the second busiest container port in the united states ?
what paved the way for the augsburg confession ?
how many solo tackles did von miller make at super bowl 50 ?
when was the skylab launched ?
what type of revolution did maududi advocate ?
what can amyloplasts become ?
at a-level , what percentage of british students attend fee-paying schools ?
what did luther 's translation of the bible promote in the german language ?
what did tesla do for a job that paid two dollars a day ?
healing services involve the laying on of hands and what else ?
what is the most important role of chloroplasts ?
who founded the office of western medicine ?
what natives were displaced by british takeover in florida ?
in which year did the v & a opened the first permanent architectural history gallery in the uk ?
how much time remained on the clock when the broncos made the interception that clinched the afc championship game ?
which retired ref disagreed with the outcome of the challenge of a incomplete pass ?
where does a private school get funding to operate ?
which material is the gloucester candlestick made from ?
what life process produces oxygen in the presence of light ?
what happens to the packet at the destination
who was abc great states sold to in 1974 ?
what player played in the super bowl after breaking his arm two weeks before ?
why were the initial suggestions for a devolved parliament before 1914 shelved ?
at which super bowl did beyonce headline the halftime show ?
how much less steam did the corliss engine use compared to the watt engine ?
how many receptions did cotchery get for the 2015 season ?
what force acted on bodies to retard their velocity ?
what leads to lower income inequality ?
what is the name of mongolia 's largest airport ?
who was appointed as second in command to lor loudoun in 1756 ?
what type of education is sometimes present at religious schools in addition to the secular curriculum ?
if a and q are coprime , which theorem holds that an arithmetic progression has an infinite number of primes ?
what was the first team peyton manning began playing for ?
of what form do fermat numbers take ?
what direction do ctenophore swim ?
what team did rivera play for in super bowl xx ?
what types of responsibilities might a pharmacy technician have ?
what percentage of the population of warsaw was jewish in 1897 ?
what does photosynthesis release into the earth 's atmosphere ?
what was the shape that faget designed for the apollo command module ?
what do the former midlothian county buildings face ?
what states that united methodist theology is at once " catholic , evangelical and reformed ? "
how are the total numbers of seats allocated to parties ?
what was the entity that stepped in and caused miami 's sun life stadium to no longer be in the running to host super bowl 50 ?
how many nobel laureates are among the school alumni ?
what titles are the president given ?
what was the name of the infamous german gestapo prison ?
after the negotiations were done what did luther experience ?
what proportion did detached homes rise in 2010 ?
who was the 2015 nfl mvp ?
what was warsaw 's old town listed as in 1980 ?
what theorems are responsible for determining questions of time and space requirements ?
what is the chloroplast polypeptide synthesized on ?
why would rampant violence prevent people from going to work ?
which hotel did the broncos use for super bowl 50 ?
what county was newcastle a part of until 1400 ?
orange , san diego , riverside and san bernardino make up four of the five counties . what is the name of the last county ?
what impacts distribution of wealth when evaluating labor ?
how many medieval warm period reconstructions were used ?
when did the rivalry between westinghouse and edison reach its peak ?
in what constituent country of the united kingdom is merthyr tydfil located ?
what was their first plan that was launched ?
dutch architect janjaap ruijssenaars 's performative architecture 3d-printed building is scheduled to be built when ?
what crops were introduced or popularized in the yuan ?
contracts must be designed to ensure what ?
whose theory did tesla disagree with ?
how many balls did josh norman intercept ?
in what episode did doctor who acknowledge having had a brother ?
what is the famous rock near sanke goarshausen ?
which theorem states that every large even integer can be written as a prime summed with a semiprime ?
what do you have to cross to reach the chloroplast in many secondary plastids ?
who did the attacks resonate most with ?
the los angeles clippers are a team belonging to which sport ?
what welding process was demonstrated in 1901 ?
what does rosenfield feel plays the most significant role in expanding the income gap ?
what major event u.s. occurred that made the bbc delay the broadcast ?
how many combinatory and graph theoretical problems , formerly believed to be plagued by intractability , did karp 's paper address ?
$ 500 million was supplied for the capital city - abc merger by what investor ?
who did the panthers beat to become the nfc champs ?
what type of t cells help with both innnate and adaptive immunity ?
which two courts apply european union law ?
according to fermat 's theorem , what period does 1/p always have assuming p is prime that is not 2 or 5 ?
what kind of territories are being destroyed by ecocide in the amazon ?
because speakers are drawn from across scotland , what do the represent the balance of ?
in what direction does the mountain system extend ?
what did genghis khan do to the tangut imperial family after their surrender ?
approximately how many adherents does the united methodist church have across the world ?
who was at the receiving end of a 22-yard pass from peyton manning ?
what do nuclear power plants heat to create electricity ?
who originally led the space task group ?
in what unit is the size of the input measured ?
what did watt add to newcomen 's engine between 1763 and 1775 ?
in what years did bach use more of luther 's hymns in his compositions ?
what older dynasty was replaced by the western liao , or qara khitai ?
who discovered pottery found on black hammock island ?
how many divisions was abc radio restructured into in 2005 ?
what did warsz own ?
enthusiastic teachers may cause students to become more ____ about their learning process ?
who was the panthers ' tackle leader for 2015 ?
which part of china had people ranked lower in the class system ?
if the apparant force of two fermions is attractive , what is the spin function ?
in an atmospheric engine , what does air pressure push against ?
what mongolian system did kublai 's government compromise with ?
who did play-by-play for the wbt broadcast ?
what types of recordings at johnson space center were used to help restore the original tapes ?
what was the boat called ?
what native chief travelled to french fort and threatened marin ?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on sea levels ?
what health condition can deep sea diving cause ?
what is defined as the majority vote ?
what is the redundant concept coming from momentum conservation ?
how many years have imperialistic practices existed ?
in 1951 , rumors claimed that abc might be sold to what network ?
when did kenya become an independent country ?
what is the most important problem in the united states and elsewhere ?
full size working engines on what vehicles sometimes use oscillating cylinder steam engines ?
what can scales and spring balances measure between two forces by using static equilibrium ?
what term corresponds to the maximum measurement of time across all functions of n ?
who had no real military power during the yuan ?
besides germany and switzerland , where else is lake constance ?
in what interval are some of the greatest primes without a distinct form discovered in ?
what is the name of doctor who granddaughter ?
how would the word apothecary be viewed by contemporary english speakers ?
what is generally considered to be the most basic iteration of a turing machine ?
what percentage of newcastle 's population is it believed the bolivians account for ?
in which months does fresno experience increased wind coming from the southeastern direction ?
what party is favored in bedigo and geelong ?
who appoints the board of the european central bank ?
the codex forster is a collection of notebooks by which famous italian renaissance polymath ?
what class sizes can make keeping order difficult ?
what organization was led by hasan al-hudaybi ?
how long was he in bed from cholera ?
what institution does robert barro hail from ?
what is a lower rate of social goods an effect of ?
what distinct quality of combustion was absent from philogiston theory ?
what is the name of the first aviation community built ?
what protestant religions made northern european counties safe for huguenot immigration ?
who got a safe conduct pass for luther to come and leave the event ?
what lineage is karlodinium in ?
where do ctenophora live ?
can the president of the council vote on important matters related to the european central bank ?
how long will the event at santa clara convention center last ?
what did tesla 's device work from the output of ?
why did luther condemn vows of celibacy ?
what is the hottest temperature record for fresno ?
what was one thing that was specifically tested on the apollo 4 test launch regarding the cm ?
what team was the nfc champion ?
what charter has become an important aspect of eu law ?
when did oil start getting priced in the terms of gold ?
the largest brand of what store in the uk is located in kingston park ?
when were theories developed suggesting inequality may have some positive effect on economic development ?
in sept 1760 who negotiated a capitulation from montreal ?
who did the normans team up with in anatolia ?
bounding of time and space or similar measurements is often used by algorithms to define what ?
who helped designed the main quadrangles ?
in what country is normandy located ?
who first discovered his body ?
how many yards was the pass on the first drive ?
what was normal british defense ?
what is the process of changing light into chemical energy ?
who won the elections in 1992 and 1997 ?
what is the name given to the district that is associated with the motion picture industry ?
what civil rights movement in the us was known for it 's disobedience ?
cells of the site of an infection in a plant undergo what process to prevent spread of the disease ?
what type of person can not be attributed civil disobedience ?
what program that aired between last man standing and shark tank was cancelled by abc in 2013 ?
when did galor and zeria show new information about inequality ?
what is the high end of the temperature range in winter ?
how old was manning at the beginning of the 2015 season ?
what was the cause for the issues with city funding ?
which of genghis khan 's sons was disqualified from being successor because of his unstable behavior ?
when is sky going to introduce uhd broadcasts ?
what does coastal beriods use as teeth ?
what kind of techniques were used to create the theme ?
what style of sensing do scientist like to use to measure global radiance ?
what is the name of the alphabet is most commonly used in a problem instance ?
what has to accounted for that causes no net force being the cause of constant velocity motion ?
what voyager said that mombasa was a great harbour and moored small crafts and great ships ?
what previous super bowl halftime show did bruno mars headline ?
what did melanchthon call the marriage ?
besides the bondage of the will , what other work did luther view as a book of his ?
why was nbc unable to broadcast the coronation of queen elizabeth ii ?
what are the two major subsystems of the immune system ?
what chinese system did kublai 's government compromise with ?
what does the chloroplast peripheral reticulum do ?
what is the safair rally known as ?
what academy did tugh temur found ?
into what language did marlee matlin translate the national anthem ?
who has the islamic liberation party attempted to assassinate ?
how did the black death make it to the mediterranean and europe ?
which entity developed the principles of european union law ?
how man of grainger town 's 450 buildings are listed ?
what is the current status of the haensch study ?
in which year was the salting bequest made ?
who recovered the fumble and ran the ball in for a touchdown ?
whic carolina panthers running back was waived ?
who handled play-by-play for the denver radio market ?
what war in ireland featured huguenot regiments ?
what style were the mass constructed residential blocks designed in ?
what film did lionsgate pay to have the trailer aired during the super bowl ?
how much did capital cities/abc report in revenues in 1990 ?
what channel replaced sky travel ?
what is featured on the city of fresno 's city flag ?
what is the modern term for the mongolian policies supporting trade and communication ?
how much did levi 's stadium cost ?
what is the oldest known rock in the world ?
what is the name of the longest bridge in germany ?
when was dali conquered by the yuan ?
what were the years two regulations that conflicted with an italian law originate in the simmenthal spa case ?
how many pounds of steam per kilowatt hour does the energiprojekt ab engine use ?
how can function problems typically be restated ?
how many people was the cm designed to carry in the end ?
the term huguenot was originally meant to confer ?
when was the great plague of london ?
which name is also used to describe the amazon rainforest in english ?
what is stratigraphy ?
what are the molecular outputs for photosynthesis ?
what did colonial authorities reduce because of the ballarat revolt ?
what is a main tributary to the rhine that goes through northeastern france and part of belgium ?
who described a steam turbine in 1629 ?
where is the upper canal regulation of the rhine ?
what is the title for a seminary graduate who serves a two-three-year term in full-time appointment after being commissioned ?
what remote control vehicle did he make ?
what must be done to make non public lawbreaking acknowledged as civil disobedience ?
which cathedral is located in fenham ?
who actually won the prize ?
what protects the statocyst ?
how much money did the committee raise ?
what way do some people perform civil disobedience in a constructive way ?
what company had a contest to win a free super bowl commercial ?
a decision made by what entity restored tesla 's patents ?
when is the warsaw gallery weekend held ?
in what year did the tenth doctor appear in the sarah jane series ?
how is luther commemorated on the lutheran , episcopal , and church of england calendars ?
how did the party overthrow the elected government in 1989 ?
along with location , endowment and the willingness of parents to pay , what factor influences private school tuition ?
who translated this version of the scriptures ?
who created an engine using high pressure steam in 1801 ?
who has loaned the raphael cartoons to the museum ?
by how many kilometers does the traveling salesman problem seek to classify a route between the 15 largest cities in germany ?
who did shirley leave at oswego ?
how many cities in southern california have over 200,000 residents ?
who provided spanish-language commentary alongside raul allegre ?
when were joseph schumpeter and norman angell at their most prolific writing period ?
who is the executive power ?
what are some of scientists arguments ?
what profession was nathan alterman ?
how do you avoid problems when determining forces involved on an object from two or more sources ?
the umc stands in oppopsition to the creation of embroys for the sake of what ?
what chinese-style name did rinchinbal use ?
when is the game 's media day usually held ?
what was the passer rating for peyton manning that he finished out with for the season ?
in what type of work was luther prolific ?
where was the famous artist tamara de lempicka born ?
what language did tesla study while in school ?
in cases with shared medium how is it delivered
antibody-dependent hypersensitivity belongs to what class of hypersensitivity ?
after what battle did union forces return to and occupy jacksonville for the rest of the war ?
how many g3p molecules leave the cycle ?
what is the major us city that the is the university located ?
who was the famous huguenot theologian and writer in london ?
what lionsgate trailer was shown during the super bowl ?
what is the immune system of the brained known as ?
compared to other australian cities , what is the size of melbourne ?
what does the immune system protect against ?
who produced the first geological map of the u.s. ?
what type of parenting role does a teacher take on ?
what is usual form of oxygen bound compounds ?
what is blamed for causing the sharp drop in fish catches in the black sea and the sea of azov ?
what is one tradition within the christian church ?
zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries are called what ?
how many yards did the broncos ' defense give up ?
when did delegates to the world methodist council vote to adopt the joint declaration on the doctrine of justification ? "
what is europe 's largest inland port ?
who do most jurisdictions say can give scheduled drugs to the public ?
what type of conservation include providing advice on the handling of items ?
what does the secretariat wing house ?
which husband and wife modern furniture design team are represented in the v & a furniture collection ?
what is responsible for constraining p according to the time hierarchy theorem ?
what celestial object eluded efforts to measure oxygen ?
on what did tesla blame for the loss of the initial money ?
what was tesla , brown and peck 's new company ?
what does the word rheinrinne translate to ?
what type of people were being brought back to the way of truth ?
what happened to the building on george iv bridge when the parliament was done with it ?
what shakespeare scholar is a faculty member at harvard ?
in how many countries did tesla hold patents ?
how many panthers defense players were selected for the pro bowl ?
which border does the rhine flow from the south ?
what are the core treaties that the primary law of the eu consists of ?
what did watt add to the steam engine in 1788 ?
what huguenot area is designated as a historical landmark ?
what did thoreau ask a public figure the taxman to do ?
what is an example of a parasite that used the antigenic variation strategy to evade destruction ?
what program for abc was a remake of the film the boy from oklahoma ?
which type of livestock was the argricultural region known for ?
what channel did abc proposed to compete with cable news company cnn ?
which area of khwarezmia did the first and second divisions of the mongol army target in a pincer attack ?
how do socialists think the means of production should be owned ?
what is an abbreviation for the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ?
when did building activity occur on st. kazimierz church ?
maududi believed that islam needed what to be established ?
what doctor who episode won a hugo award in 2010 ?
what issues may prevent women from working outside the home or receiving education ?
what set is a seat added to after being allocated ?
who hired tesla when he moved to new york ?
where does the rhine empty ?
which foreign forces often meddled in the mongolian political scene ?
when did hitler order the annihilation of the warsaw ghetto ?
what was the emphasis focuses on ?
what are ftsz1 and ftsz2 ?
at what speed did the turbine operate ?
what was a long term goal of french foreign policy along the rhine ?
when was the fso car factory founded ?
in what year did fresno get its first pedestrian mall ?
what typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser ?
how early did luther say he had to awaken every day ?
what are the two principal asian-american groups living in the west side neighborhood of fresno ?
what is the name of sky q 's broadband router ?
when was qutb executed ?
when did economists reach a conclusion with the s & p 's rating agency ?
how much correspondence did tesla send morgan in the five years following 1901 ?
what slogan accompanied the 40th anniversary logo for abc ?
what does the cpi scale measure ?
what is the source of oxygen production through electrocatalytic means ?
apollo 17 was significant for what reason ?
what ctenophore was accidentally introduced into the black sea ?
what kinds of trees is kearney boulevard lined with ?
what literary reference compares the master to doctor who ?
where did the discharge from glaciers go in europe in the last ice age ?
what contributed to the severity of the plague ?
what net loss did the conservatives suffer ?
what kind of people attend the ipcc meetings ?
what is kenya 's literacy rate ?
how much of the rhine flow does ijssel carry ?
what was the first super bowl to use the standardized logo template ?
where was war fought ?
what did albrecht need the indulgences to pay for ?
what is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties ?
how many guests attended the dinner celebrating the opening of the grainger market ?
how was luther 's health for the years of 1531 to 1546 ?
a molecular phylogeny analysis confirmed that cydippid are not what ?
where will a canonball dropped from the crow 's nest of a ship land according to aristotle ?
what was luther 's marriage seen as by others ?
what complex measurements were defined by " on the computational complexity of algorithms " ?
who was famous for disobedience against a tax collector ?
whose former headquarters was the wse located in until 2000 ?
in may 2002 , where would you go to address the parliament ?
since when was the rhine part of the areal of hallstatt culture ?
who led the kievian rus ' troops against subutai 's mongol army ?
there was a 16th century huguenot settlement near what modern day florida city ?
why did gm , ford and chrysler introduced fuel-efficient and small cars to the us market ?
when is sports programming provided by abc on saturday afternoons ?
along with the congregation of christian brothers , what is a notable religious group that runs fee-paying schools in ireland ?
where was the rhine regulated with an upper canal ?
what position did rivera play in super bowl xx ?
what did gano hit on his 44-yard field goal attempt ?
the legislation allowed california to be admitted to the union as what kind of state ?
by when did the germanic tribes conquer the celtic peoples ?
what textile industry did the huguenots contribute to in ireland ?
what did luther call the revolting peasants ?
when did the fcc begin imposing fin-syn rules ?
along with canada and the united kingdom , what country generally does n't refer to universities as private schools ?
what is the start of the salary year ?
who influenced the taliban 's ideology ?
what runs from the riverside to higher parts of the city center ?
what position did tesla hold in the central telegraph office ?
what french city was new rochelle named after ?
how many primary affiliates did abc have in 1954 ?
where does the gold in the parliamentary mace come from ?
what california city last hosted the super bowl ?
who was named the president and ceo of abc after goldenson suffered a heart attack ?
who led the panthers in sacks ?
what doctor who story from 1970 is available on blu-ray ?
what did bach base entirely on luther chorales ?
who led the science and environmental policy project ?
vaginal secretions serve as a chemical protective barrier following what ?
when is luther commemorated by the church of england ?
what has the lower rainfall in the amazon during the lgm been attributed to ?
why did tesla sever ties with his family ?
how quickly is the sea level rising ?
from what project groups were the apollo astronauts selected ?
what are private secondary schools in germany called ?
what does newcastle have a proud history of ?
what did luther fear to cause him to avoid marriage ?
what did the court of justice say steymann was entitled to ?
what does each packet includ in connectionless mode
what is the governing committee that voted in favor of a proposal that would permit ministers to officiate same-sex weddings ?
what is an examine of work that a centrifugal governor-equipped steam engine was n't suitable for ?
what are the exceptions in the constitution that require special considerations to amend ?
what is the common coastal pleurobrachia called ?
where is the abc four-note jingle still in use ?
what king and former huguenot looked out for the welfare of the group ?
in 1785 james hutton presented what paper to the royal society of edinburgh ?
which company has been able to air multiple ads at a steep discount ?
what irish cities had huguenot mayors in the 1600s and 1700s ?
what did lepidodinium viride lose ?
how many hundred of years was scotland directly governed by the parliament of great britain ?
what is structural geology ?
where did itv tyne tees move in 2005 ?
what kind of death did luther say the revolting peasants deserve ?
what is the main goal of criminal punishment of civil disobedients ?
what percentile of gross domestic product is construction comprised of ?
when did the united states withdraw from the bretton woods accord ?
static friction balances what force when there is no movement of an object on a surface ?
where is 97 % of the population located ?
hormones released during sleep support the interaction of t-cells and what species ?
that does tardis stand for ?
what type of wages does mechanization and automation lead to ?
how significant was the transfer of disease through fleas ?
how long would tesla spend gambling sometimes ?
what type of jihad does ht avoid engaging in ?
what types of schools are most ergänzungsschulen ?
what player first won the heisman trophy for the university ?
what mechanism moves coal from a bunker to the firebox ?
what was the ideal duty of a newcomen engine ?
what is the kilogram-force sometimes reffered to as ?
what is the magnitude of force divided by when external force is added ?
who is suited to interpret the treaties ?
what is the norman architecture idiom ?
what is an object 's mass proportional to at the surface of the earth ?
what kind of universities is the region famous for ?
how many scientists called to change the ipcc in feb 2010 ?
what other terminology is considered much more destructive ?
which directive mentioned was created in 1994 ?
what type of launch was happening during the apollo 1 incident ?
np complete problems contain the lowest likelihood of being located in what problem class ?
when did a charlie brown christmas debut ?
how old was manning when he played super bowl 50 ?
century city is an example of a district that belongs to which city ?
what was the percentage of germans attending private high schools in 2008 ?
where in south carolina did huguenot nobility settle ?
during which season did abc first take the lead spot in television rating ?
what year did the the case go before the supreme court ?
what directly correlates with the country 's economic performance and wealth distribution ?
what do the words kirinyaga , kirenyaa , and kiinyaa mean ?
what is thomas b. edsall 's profession ?
who is called by god , affirmed by the church and ordained by a bishop ?
what is pedanius dioscorides known for ?
what florida stadium was considered for super bowl 50 ?
who funds the ipcc 's deputy secretary ?
how much of paris ' population was killed by the plague ?
who invented a high-pressure steam engine around 1800 ?
when was the disney and abc merger first announced ?
to what is 50 kilopascals equal ?
approximately how many silver and gold objects does the v & a have it its collection ?
who did the carolina panthers beat in the 2015 nfc championship game ?
at what time did martin luther die ?
in modern times , what is said about civil disobedience ?
when were tesla 's patents restored ?
when sunday night football premiered , to which network did monday night football move ?
what do plastoglobuli exchange contents with ?
this person proposed explanations for the origins of earthquakes and the formation of mountains , what was his name ?
who is the vice-chair of the ipcc ?
who did berengaria of navarre marry ?
what country has a problem with classroom discipline , even though scores on tests are high ?
which set of countries have higher economic mobility than the united states ?
what is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations ?
which organizations most commonly divide and promote the state ?
where does the proportion of shared and converted houses in 2011 put this dwelling type in the color-coded brackets ?
what group of scientists seek to measure the amounts of oxygen in marine animals ?
what did tesla begin to research in march 1896 ?
what system has an impact on income inequality ?
what are colonial powers blamed for ?
what is the opposite of an ongoing role of teaching ?
by what year had temüjin created a significant " mongol " tribal alliance ?
what did luther think the study of law meant ?
who was the ideologue of the iranian revolution ?
after the merger between abc and capital cities was completed , what was the resulting company known as ?
how did this effect the producer prices ?
if the average u.s. worker were to complete an additional year of school , what amount of growth would be generated over 5 years ?
what is luther 's thought about the extent of his church ?
what was the yuan 's paper money called ?
why is the statement doubtful in the eyes of scholars ?
why was it thought that ctenophores were a poor diet for other animals ?
how do regimes fight against cultural imperialism ?
people behaving with civil disobedience that is not-violent is said to make society have more of what ?
what is it called when people in society rebel against laws they think are unfair ?
if q=9 and a=3,6 or 9 , how many primes would be in the progression ?
who did denver beat in the afc championship ?
what event happened 66 million years ago ?
when did tesla get his us citizenship ?
where does oxygen rank by mass in the planet 's biosphere ?
which species eggs are fertilized and kept inside the parents body until hatched ?
who was the hostage ?
as of january 2016 how many digits does the largest known prime consist of ?
who attends loreto normanhurst ?
why are n't the examples of bouregois architecture visible today ?
what was the percentage of black or african-americans living in the city ?
aside from firebox , what is another name for the space in which combustible material is burned in the engine ?
jules ferry thought that the " higher races " have a duty to what ?
what was the hymn based on ?
what lead to the uk to subscribe to the agreement on social policy ?
what did luther establish as a worship service in his church ?
what was the program in the first children 's program block to be broadcast in hd ?
what happens to the norm when a number is multiplied by p ?
which doctor who show was cancelled because it was considered racist ?
how many campuses does the california state university have ?
southern california 's economy can be described as one of the largest in the united states and what other characteristic ?
for what size natural number does bertrand 's postulate hold ?
what is the complex " two-signal " activation of t cells referred to ?
what are the most active parts of ctenophora ?
along with drought , what is one other factor that is pushing the amazon rainforest towards a tipping point ?
what runs from the balancer in the statocyst to the comb rows ?
along with the cisce and nenbse , what is a notable examination board in multiple indian states ?
what did john mayow name the part of air that caused combustion ?
which part of the immune system protects the brain ?
who can not be employed by a school in any manner ?
what is in eldon square ?
what was luther 's major work of 60,000 words on the jews ?
compounding was not popular in the construction of what machines ?
which well-known general abandoned jamukha 's coalition against temüjin ?
what concept explains why objects continue in constant motion ?
how high do plague fevers run ?
along with diesel engines , what engines have overtaken steam engines for marine propulsion ?
what is the last name of the player who was manning 's top receiver for super bowl 50 ?
how much area does the university library garden cover ?
how many yards did newton get for passes in the 2015 season ?
southern california is second to which island in terms of famous serf breaks ?
how many species of ctenophores have been validated ?
how long does it take for the effects to manifest as changes to economic growth ?
under what law is value of a worker determined ?
how does the secondary theory say most cpdna is structured ?
why did tesla want funds from morgan ?
when did li tan lead a revolt ?
what does the euplokamis use the three types of movement for ?
when did jamaa islamiya renounce violence ?
what is similar to vocational training ?
what is the oxygen partial pressure of space suits ?
for how long did the plague stick around ?
what does the currently flooded terrace still have visible ?
what is the estimate for the amount of tree species in the amazon tropical rain forest ?
what did luther consider faith to be ?
who previously held the record for being the oldest quarterback to play in a super bowl ?
why did the series end in 2011 ?
which lunar probe was near the apollo 12 crew 's landing site ?
what was frensh military presence at start of war ?
who did the nif regime harbor prior to 9/11 ?
when was the military-political complex reflected upon within the scope of understanding imperialism ?
who are debates and meetings open to ?
what stretched across middle europe in the last ice age ?
in what year did abc launch the movie of the week ?
when was the sierra sky park airport formed ?
in the most common construction procurement , who acts as the project coordinator ?
what network approached walt disney about producing color broadcasts of his anthology series ?
as of what year were 10000 horsepower engines available ?
what company agreed to terminate high court proceedings with virgin media ?
what is the name of the professional skateboarder that lives in southern california ?
normally silver , what color was used for the number 50 ?
what are some advantages of hospital pharmacies ?
when were the normans in normandy ?
who originally produced wide world of sports for abc ?
what was the name of the 1991 doctor who exhibition ?
what other inventor did he work with ?
what date did tesla begin his colorado springs experiments ?
when was the cretaceous-paleogen extinction occur ?
what network was designed by the french
what kind of media can references to tesla be found in
when did the undergraduate program become coeducational ?
what 's one factor in eroding self-esteem ?
who is the current premier of victoria ?
where is the santa fe railroad depot located ?
what else did the new consitution change ?
where did the broncos practice for the super bowl ?
what rule did some native live under ?
in 2013 , abc 's identity was revamped by what design agency ?
when was the royal university of warsaw established ?
which type of law concerns the eu 's governance structure ?
what opened on january 30th at the justin herman plaza ?
who was the founder of the oracle corporation ?
as a euphoric how is oxygen used in bars ?
what time do the msps normally decide on the motions and amendments from that day ?
how long was the first audio of a doctor who story ?
what is sanctifying grace ?
how many hours can one expect to ride the train from newcastle to king 's cross ?
what is the observable effect of w and z boson exchange ?
in the year 2000 how many square kilometres of the amazon forest had been lost ?
of what did da vinci think a part was consumed during combustion ?
on what television station could an american viewer watch the game ?
what company won a free advertisement due to the quickbooks contest ?
how many huguenots were killed in toulouse ?
how many chloroplasts per cell does algae have ?
who lost to the panthers in the divisional round of the playoffs ?
what is the throat called ?
what do professional athletes seek to boost from breathing oxygen ?
what later actions by the nazis could be traced back to luther 's rhetoric ?
what law connects relative velocities with inertia ?
other than the us and britain what was the other main country that tesla had patents granted ?
one country 's authority over a number of others would constitute the original country as what ?
what is needed to pack electrons densely together ?
where in las vegas did a famous protest take place ?
besides the walk to the church , what else was left out of the day 's celebration ?
what did tesla claim to be able to transmit ?
who kicked the field goal for denver on the first drive of super bowl 50 ?
what did the industrial revolution cause to happen to newcastle ?
who ran for a carolina touchdown to make the score 10–7 ?
which city is planned to be a part of the california high speed rail ?
what type of company is van gend en loos ?
by how much did harvard management reduce its south africa holdings in response to pressure ?
what is the name for a teacher of just one person ?
if the head of government refuses to enforce a decision of the highest court what terminology could be used ?
which famous french artist who painted the grande odalisque of 1814 is represented in the drawings collection of the v & a ?
if a force is pointing horizontally to the northeast , how many forces can you split the force into ?
what does a student 's academic goals include ?
when did the umc enter into full communion with several churches ?
which episode in 2008 was over an hour long ?
what substance is used to make high quality liquid o2 ?
what did industry do to the rhine until the 1980s ?
what city , raided by clans and dukes , preceded the founding of warszowa ?
what percentage of warsaw 's population was protestant in 1901 ?
as the moon has no atmosphere , what is prevalant in many moon rock samples brought back from apollo missions ?
abc had secondary status on the existing stations in what ohio town ?
what period opened the tethys ocean ?
what is something that is often torn up and included in sedimentary rock ?
how many events occur in an engine cycle ?
who was the main performer at this year 's halftime show ?
what doctor who actress was nominated for an award in 2016 ?
what district of warsaw chose the president between 1994 and 1999 ?
who is credited with finding evidence of large settlements in the amazon forest ?
what percent of the muslim population lives in kenya 's coastal region ?
what was fresno 's population in 2010 ?
who described kublai 's china to europe ?
what type of rock is found at the grand canyon ?
who said tesla had a " distinguished sweetness " ?
what is decreased by staging expansion across multiple cylinders ?
where does warsaw rank in terms of population in the eu ?
what can be achieved without building high or getting rid of common areas ?
in early pleistocene , what direction did the rhine flow ?
in 1517 who was luther 's bishop ?
in which year was möllendorff dinner service designed ?
who was imprisoned in newcastle by the scots in 1646 through 1647 ?
the umc believes that jesus abolished the death penalty in what bible verse ?
what exists between fundamentalist islamism and reformist islamism ?
what modern city did khanbaliq become ?
who lived in a tree to prevent it from being cut down as a form of civil disobedience ?
where did yesun temur die ?
what did nsfnet promote
what did neoclassical economics view the inequality in the distribution of income as being from ?
how many customers does sky uk limited have as a pay-tv broadcaster as of 2015 ?
what is the most commonplace model utilized in complexity theory ?
when did he talk about his beliefs in an interview ?
what kind of system of infection involves inserting a hollow tube into a host cell ?
which rail line operates in melbourne ?
what caused the delay during the development of the ac motor .
when did the siege of antioch take place ?
which carolina panthers team member was picked as the team 's mvp in 2015 ?
what did european chemists make that could be used in warfare ?
which company was tasked with trying to restore the original tapes ?
who makes up the bbc commentary team with greg brady and rocky boiman ?
how many ways did luther justify his opposition to revolt ?
what is providing support networks considered to be ?
in which point did the drainage basin of the amazon split ?
how many gold medals did kenya win during the beijing olympics ?
what type of surnames is their a strong presence of ?
which is one of the park features located in north fresno ?
where do pharmacists acquire more preparation following pharmacy school ?
how wide is the rhine in germany ?
what entity enforces the charter of fundamental rights of the european union ?
which super bowl was hosted in san diego in 2003 ?
what followed the late show with stephen colbert ?
what team did the denver broncos play in super bowl xxxiii ?
what sport has kenyan women been a dominate force ?
what causes strain in structures ?
what type of sanctions has the us directed at iran ?
what type of system did tesla suggest to adams ?
what science fiction writer introduced the doctor who episodes for a period of time ?
who leads the national and public library servies ?
which noble helped establish the huguenot settlement in saarland ?
who was a prominent huguenot in holland ?
which khanates had converted to islam ?
where did the panthers practice for the super bowl ?
what did tymnet connect
how old was newton during super bowl 50 ?
what is the term for the original aboriginal people of victoria ?
what ideal thermodynamic cycle analyzes the process by which steam engines work ?
who is the new companion for the 10th series of the revival ?
how many 2015 season interceptions did the panthers ' defense get ?
what festival takes place in april in newcastle ?
what variable is associated with all problems solved within logarithmic space ?
what was the general consensus johnson came to regarding america 's progress on going to space and reaching a position of leadership ?
what , on the part of a teacher , can result in a decrease in student performance
are atmospheric oxygen levels going up , down , or staying the same ?
if two thirds of the rhine flows through the maas , where doe the other one third flow through ?
what is the name of the supposition that there are infinite pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ?
how many points are there in the foundation of the reformation ?
where is the chloroplast peripheral reticulum usually found ?
when did zhu shijie die ?
how sure did the statement say scientists were that temperatures would keep rising ?
along with wear , what development makes it difficult to seal the rotors in an engine that lacks pistons ?
what other digital tv service took sky uk limited 's most popular spot ?
how many picks did peyton manning throw in the season ?
what institution has helped farmers grow new pigeon pea varieties ?
how much of the global wealth will the wealthiest 1 percent own by 2016 ?
what use was suggested for the system
what percentage of a high pressure engine 's efficiency has the energiprojekt ab engine achieved ?
how many men would the lm take to the lunar surface and return to the csm ?
which doctors were in project : lazarus ?
to what pathogen that causes gas gangrene is oxygen poisonous ?
what was the percentage of whit people in fresno in 2010 ?
what is the mortality rate of pneumonic plague ?
how many vice presidents are on the student board ?
what computational problem is commonly associated with prime factorization ?
why did saudi arabia try to increase production , and reduce profits for high cost producers ?
who was shi tianze 's father ?
when did the uk formally subscribe to the agreement on social policy ?
what is a course of study called ?
in general , what were teachers paid in the past ?
which panther tipped a manning pass to himself and picked it off ?
why was he unable to enroll at the university ?
what did the 18th century huguenot group call themselves ?
who was the commissioner of the nfl in 2012 ?
what was the significance of victory at forth niagara for british ?
what field of computer science analyzes all possible algorithms in aggregate to determine the resource requirements needed to solve to a given problem ?
to whom did toghrul refuse to give his daughter in marriage , angering temüjin ?
where on earth is free oxygen found ?
what layers of a leaf have chloroplasts ?
what type of combustion does the slow reaction of triplet oxygen prevent ?
where is audra mcdonald from ?
who did wesley appoint as bishop in 1784 ?
the receptors on a killer t cell must bind to how many mhc : antigen complexes in order to activate the cell ?
to whom did william maclure submit the map ?
what court case desegregated schools in the united states ?
what river originally bounded the duchy
what subatomic particle did tesla deny the existence of ?
what do some civil disobedient people feel the need to acknowledge .
what does connection orientation require
what was william johnson 's role in british military ?
what was the yuan 's unofficial state religion ?
civil disobedience can occur when people speak about a certain topic that is deemed as ?
what issue plagues the literature about civil disobedience ?
when did luther receive a degree in biblical studies ?
what sate are things inside of a moving vehicle as seen by a person inside the vehicle ?
which article of the treaty on european union states that commissioners should be completely independent and not take instructions from any government ?
between brakel and what other city can the most landward tidal influence be detected ?
where was marin 's second fort constructed ?
when was john gallagher born ?
southern californian communities are well known to be large , spread - out , and what other characteristic ?
what were the civil wars caused by the huguenots called ?
how many abc affiliates does the e. w. scripps company own ?
which fault can produce a magnitude earthquake of 8.0 ?
when did gerhard lessing reach his conclusions about luther ?
what kind of shows were used as counterprogramming by abc in the fall of 1959 ?
what abc division handles domestic television distribution ?
what is the most important thing apicoplasts do ?
in what year did the amazon experience its worst drought of recent history ?
how did the revocation restrict huguenot travel ?
who did play-by-play on westwood one ?
what was the cartel of newcastle burgesses known as ?
what is inequality associated with higher levels of ?
where was luther born ?
besides publishing to the christian nobility of the german nation and on the babylonian captivity of the church , what other work did luther produce in 1520 ?
what organization runs the satellite that measured dust that landed on the amazon ?
what did the peasants believe luther would do for them ?
what are the two official languages ?
what did thoreau claim about the majority ?
constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit whom ?
what characteristic did tesla say helped his scientific abilities ?
who were the semuren ?
in what century was quantum mechanics made ?
who operated the vbsn network
le grand states that students studying civil disobedience will often run into grammatical niceties and what other problem ?
what does the substitution of equipment for labor raise for workers ?
how did the 2001 ipcc report compare to reality on temperature levels ?
whose thesis states that the solution to a problem is solvable with reasonable resources assuming it allows for a polynomial time algorithm ?
what kind of chloroplasts do cryptophytes have ?
what country does the rhine empty ?
what were the win/loss game stats for the denver bronco 's regular season in 2015 ?
what did distributed adaptive message block switching do
where did the first shipment of minerals ship from ?
what happened with the ground water level with the rhine straightening program ?
what is more fundamental than force in quanton field theory ?
what was the seat of former party leader david mcletchie ?
where is corporal punishment practiced the most ?
who suggested that imperialism was the " highest " form of capitalism ?
how many acres does the v & a cover ?
who commissioned the gateshead milennium bridge ?
what was the digitization project called ?
what does ctenophore mean in greek ?
which player was criticized for not jumping into the pile to recover the ball ?
what proposed attacks did shirley plan ?
site conditions , local regulations , economies of scale and the availability of skilled tradespeople all affect what ?
who fumbled the ball when tackled by darian stewart ?
what nasa astronaut is also a university alumni member ?
what is the name of the tv scrambling system bskyb uses ?
whose activities were the french able to gain knowledge of ?
which articles state that powers stay with member states unless they 've been conferred ?
when did tesla make these claims ?
what event did storch and muntzer help instigate ?
what does doctor who do when his body is mortally damaged ?
what can lead to higher wages for members of labor organizations ?
what is atp synthase similar to ?
how do students rate teachers that they feel are enthusiastic ?
where is the hyde park day school located ?
how much capital did danish law require to start a company ?
why was wesley compelled to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters ?
what service did bskyb chare additional subscription fees for ?
which park is home to the fresno chafffee zoo ?
when did the general conference go on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ?
what is the name of one impressive continuation of the fermat primality test ?
what was redesigned during the apollo program being grounded during 1970 ?
to what did martin luther devote all his attention ?
what year was st. nicholas ' lantern tower made ?
what is the name of the gallery devoted to chinese art ?
who lead the super bowl 50 halftime performance ?
what has the avoidance of men to become teachers caused , in some areas ?
what is the daleks ' main weakness ?
in what year was the commission on pan methodist cooperation and union formed ?
what policy did stalin implement shortly after lenin 's death ?
what additional benefits are there to surrounding community of expansion ?
what is the universal band that digital recievers will receive free to air channels on ?
what is the largest port in europe called ?
when did the rhine become borders with francia ?
who did the national anthem at super bowl 50 ?
what does the kcpe determine ?
when was the united methodist church created ?
how many weight rooms are in the malkin athletic center
what columbia president went to harvard ?
who demonstrated how to create a perfect number from a mersenne prime ?
to what place did he bring the injured pigeons to take care of them ?
what network uses a red version of the new abc logo ?
what type of power was displayed at the world 's fair by westinghouse and tesla ?
what was enhanced in 2014 ?
what did davies call his system
the long tentacles on the pleurbrachia are protected by what ?
what are those with lower incomes often unable to manage ?
who was the v & a 's first director ?
what language is used in chinese secondary schools in malaysia ?
where is the aboral organ located ?
what would a teacher do for someone who is timid ?
what london neighborhood attracted huguenot refugees ?
when is luther commemorated in the lutheran calendar of saints ?
in addition to teaching within the family , where else is informal teaching done ?
what is the name of the organization in charge of running the clubs at the university ?
the freedom to provide services under tfeu article 56 applies to who ?
when was the new two-year affiliate agreement approved ?
what southern city did the huguenots settle near ?
who ordained the first methodist clergy ?
what did president kennedy do in response to the soviet flight in regards of america 's program ?
who stated that john jortin misunderstood luther ?
where was the 1893 world 's columbian exposition held ?
which two mongol leaders added persia to the mongol empire ?
a problem set that that is hard for the expression np can also be stated how ?
what nationality are researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett ?
who does not take a position on the canonicity of doctor who stories by other media ?
who made experimental measurements on a model steam engine ?
from what type of materials must liquid oxygen be separated ?
who is the mayor of san francisco ?
the owner typically awards a contract to who ?
what may be presented to parliament in various ways ?
when did pachauri resign as chair of the ipcc ?
how many stages did the saturn v end up having ?
a formal design team may be assembled to do what ?
since this was the 50th one , what was the theme color for the super bowl ?
what instrument became a national instrument in germany ?
what was the target percentage of households bskyb wanted to reach ?
who was the film charly produced by ?
where was the 2000 study conducted ?
what theorem states that the probability that a number n is prime is inversely proportional to its logarithm ?
what is the concrete choice typically assumed by most complexity-theoretic theorems ?
when was the sale of nbc blue to edward john noble authorized ?
informal imperialism is still dominant ; however , less what ?
whose saying about freeing souls from purgatory was often quoted ?
what type of interpretation of islam does salafism promote ?
what popular environmentalist is also a university alumni member ?
who was given the highlights of most of the matches ?
who is the current captian of the cricket team ?
what is the law of thermodynamics associated with closed system heat exchange ?
what did the general conference on weights and measures name after tesla in 1960 ?
what title was the social charter set to be included into the maastricht treaty under ?
what company has been hosted at the theatre royal for over 25 years ?
which direction did the rhine flow during the last cold phase ?
what does a turing machine handle on a strip of tape ?
what did luther state he would not exchange for his life with his wife ?
very small markets had to wait until what decade to support an abc affiliate ?
which branch of the eu has had the most influence on the development of eu law ?
when do chloroplasts arrange in vertical columns or turn sideways ?
besides constant flooding , why else was there regulation of the rhine ?
what practice do some internet pharmacies engage in ?
a language solved in quadratic time implies the use of what type of turing machine ?
what was the name of the 50th anniversary episode ?
what was the only year that a full series was not filmed since 2005 ?
who was the war of currents waged between ?
what physical quantities do not have direction ?
what is the central article of the christian doctrine ?
what happened to tesla 's belongings ?
what is the state average growth rate ?
when was doctor who created ?
when was a zoological garden established in the praga park ?
j. a. hobson wanted which races to develop the world ?
what would a preschool teacher make , salary-wise ?
is corporal punishment increasing or declining in the south ?
along with muslims , jews and protestant christians , what religious group notably operates private schools ?
how does the level of tuition in german private schools compare to private schools in other western european countries ?
how many people per square mile lived in fresno in 2010 ?
which episode featured the return of william hartnell ?
the rhine first formed a boundary between gaul and what else ?
when did setanta sports say it would launch as a subscription service ?
what type of tunnels are constructed through newcastle 's city center ?
inflammation occurs during sleep times because of the presence of what molecule ?
how long did it take for the theses to spread through europe ?
when was rhineland subject to the treaty of versailles ?
when was tesla returned to gospic ?
what do gravitational forces act between ?
when did genghis khan capture the jin dynasty capital ?
how many central conferences are outside of the united states ?
when were the two finalists for hosting super bowl 50 announced ?
what is the church 's theological orientation ?
what must the integer m be less than or equal to when performing trial division ?
where was the 1857 riot ?
what area has become attractive for restaurants ?
when did the second edition of gasquet 's book come out ?
what club won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships ?
what did luther call good works that existed solely to attract god 's favor ?
where is the victoria and albert museum located ?
how many teams has manning played for that reached the super bowl , while he was on their team ?
who ruined roussel de bailleul 's plans for an independent state ?
the edict protected catholics by discouraging what ?
how much did enrollment increase ?
what kind of economy does victoria have ?
what is sometimes more effective than civil disobedience at times ?
when was the jacksonville town charter approved ?
what financial issue is notoriously prevalent in the construction field ?
what work is useful for pastors ?
what did smedley butler call us foreign policy ?
what practical role does defining the complexity of problems play in everyday computing ?
when iqbal promoted ideas of greater islamic political unity , what did he encourage ending ?
which areas were least vulnerable to disease ?
who is credited with the modern name for this system
for what reason would someone avoid crimes while protesting ?
what was the final score for super bowl xxxiii ?
who thought that the yuan 's social class system should n't be called social classes ?
during summers , for what tournaments does abc air highlight programs ?
where were french north americans settled ?
how much saharan dust falls over the amazon basin each year ?
what super bowl was the last where a fumble was returned for a touchdown ?
when did ribault first establish a settlement in south carolina ?
what was the name of the play performed in the 1970 's ?
in what show did murray gold modify the closing credits theme ?
what language is used in chinese primary schools in malaysia ?
what are alternate english spelling of genghis ?
how many courses must undergraduates maintain for full time status ?
who did espn and abc sign an eight year deal with in 2005 ?
how did natives in logstown take celeron 's information ?
what type of process was involved the the depletion of the sun 's oxygen 16 ?
what ground based group did tesla think the weapon could be used on ?
how many volts could particles be charged to in his weapon design ?
when was the last plague outbreak ?
how long does it take to get to the middle of newcastle from its outskirts when riding the rails ?
in what city 's marriott did the panthers stay ?
mhc antigens on normal body cells are recognized by what receptor on nk cells ?
what did the hymn , aus tiefer not express ?
who said people involved in the ozone situation had " a better understanding of scientific ignorance and uncertainties " ?
who added to dioscorides ' book in the islamic golden age ?
how many miles east of berlin is warsaw ?
what would need to remain constant in a multiplication algorithm to produce the same outcome whether multiplying or squaring two integers ?
gamma delta t cells rearrange tcr genes to produce what ?
what kind of electricity was tesla investigating ?
what size are adult ctenophora ?
when did tesla depart from colorado springs ?
who plotted the relationships between levels of income and inequality ?
in what districts are the registration numbers for cars all of the same type ?
which florida venue was one of three considered for super bowl 50 ?
what is a trait of sequential hermaphrodites ?
what is consumed in both combustion and respiration ?
what shape are some of the buildings in the parliament complex ?
what 's the name of the green space north of the center of newcastle ?
what organization argued that drought , among other effects , could cause the amazon forest to reach a " tipping point ? "
who was genghis khan 's father ?
article 34 meant states could be responsible for what ?
who bought the rights ?
how old was martin luther when he married ?
what play showed an early depiction of civil disobedience ?
what did luther think of purgatory ?
pneumatica was written by what greek writer ?
after ww-ii where did russia apply its old tsarist regimes ?
in which county does jacksonville reside ?
what team di the broncos tie a super bowl record for in sacks ?
what south african industry descended from huguenot settlers ?
a strike by what entity resulted in a halt to production for network programs in the 2007-2008 season ?
what is stage 1 in the life of a bill ?
how many seasons did the love boat run for ?
which country 's cars became more highly sought after as they were more fuel efficient ?
what drove residents to quieter suburban housing ?
what impact did this loss have on abercrombie ?
what is the name of the team from usc ?
which religion did kublai prefer ?
what was the dominant housing template when industrial centres were growing the fastest ?
if p = np is unsolved , and reduction is applied to a known np-complete problem vis a vis π2 to π1 , what conclusion can be drawn for π1 ?
refineries , process chemical , power generation , mills and manufacturing plants are under what sector of construction ?
where was the v & a transferred to from its original location at marlborough house ?
what delivery message was used
which country did rewe-zentrale ag wish to import from ?
what did tesla design several experimental setups to produce ?
what entity has taken the view that the goals of free trade are underpinned by the aims to improve people 's well being ?
who did kubiak take the place of after super bowl xxiv ?
who wrote a resounding letter to the elector praising luther ?
what is the first major city in the stream of the rhine ?
which network began airing the tgif comedy family matters for the 1997-98 season ?
who helped find sponsors and donors to help with the cost ?
which membrane was lost in euglenophyte chloroplasts ?
what western country is corporal punishment still allowed ?
what is the last name of the player who finally recovered the ball newton lost in the fourth quarter ?
the frequent availability of what substance allowed land-based steam engines to exhaust a great deal of steam ?
in what year did the affiliate program end ?
how did the rhine extend watershed southward ?
who did tesla try to get money from ?
what is the basic pay for a teacher , in euros ?
other than the san diego metropolitan area , what other area are the communities along interstates 15 and 215 connected with ?
mazda , mitsubishi and isuzu joined partnership with which american car company ?
what is the gauge of the victorian rail lines ?
what part of the earth 's geological structure is larger than the crust ?
what is the size of the school 's endowment ?
which department houses the works on paper of the costume collection ?
what percentage of seats did political parties identifying as islamist win in the egyptian parliamentary election of 2011-2012 ?
downtown santa monica and downtown glendale are a part of which area ?
who protected jamukha after he escaped the conflict with temüjin ?
where did johnson stop ?
how many yards was the mcmanus field goal ?
the two listed teams play for which ncaa group ?
what councils assign tasks to the ipcc ?
what was luther involved in dealing with the minds in mansfeld ?
can bskyb veto the presence of channels on their epg ?
what do isolated , spaced out graves of plague victims indicate ?
what are the proteins that organisms use to identify molecules associated with pathogens ?
what was the daily distance walked by tesla ?
how many days was the 1996 film shown ahead of the bbc showing ?
what is the approximate condenser temperature in a turbine ?
what did luther say the common people knew nothing about ?
to what may general global fields be transferred to or from ?
what was result of french attack of trading centre ?
in which year did the gallery of japanese art open ?
which son did genghis khan view as his most dependable one ?
what type of mentorship does the lds church focus on ?
where might a teacher teach that is not inside a building ?
the peruvian amazon indigienous people are one group struggling in the amazon , what is another group ?
who ordered loudoun to attack louisbourg ?
what present-day area was this settlement near ?
what year was the invasion originally shown ?
who was the announcer for westwood one 's super bowl 50 coverage ?
what are the two primary constitutional sources of the european union ?
what was another possible reason that tesla and edison did not get the award ? .
how much did silas b. cobb pledge to the university ?
how much time did he claim had to pass before he gave the ray to the world ?
how many times had thomas davis torn his acl in his career ?
what kicker was successful on a 33-yard field goal ?
what liberal succeeded joseph willard as president ?
where was the signing held ?
what did luther gradually see as hopeless in the reformation ?
what style was the warsaw philharmony edifice built in ?
the largest objects in the v & a ceramics and glass collection were produced in which countries ?
what did tesla think could improve the brain 's intelligence ?
what was the team the carolina panthers played immediately prior to the nfc championship game ?
what type of radar was used to classify trees into four categories ?
scottish or irish describe the type of what people in newcastle have ?
what techniques can be used to determine paleotopography ?
when did obama finally visit kenya ?
what is the duration of harvard academic year ?
which country 's arms purchase from the us became 5 times more than israel ?
what did the non-afghan veterans returning home have in addition to their prestige ?
what delimits the delta of the rhine in the east ?
what church money collector said that the sould would spring from purgatory through monetary donations ?
how many times did plague occur in venice ?
hutchinson hall was designed to look like what oxford hall ?
in 1968 , who led the team which systematized denominational doctrine ?
what are weak and electromatic forces expressions of ?
what nominal title did yuan emperors have ?
prior to super bowl 50 , when were the broncos last there ?
what type of actions are taken sometimes in civil disobedience ?
what is more often seen in root tip maristems ?
when does immunodeficiency occur ?
what did queen elizabeth ii open in newcastle in 1981 ?
what might the fees to attend an irish boarding school rise to ?
what major conquest did tancred play a roll in ?
what percentage of money raised was earmarked for causes in the san francisco area ?
when the recovery between the widening gap between the richest citizens and rest of the nation slow ?
the 1970s allowed which network to move in to first place in the ratings ?
what kind of fiction is tesla 's work featured in ?
besides the study of prime numbers , what general theory was considered the official example of pure mathematics ?
in what year was supernanny canceled ?
what are other alternative names for french and indian war ?
what percentage of private school students go to catholic schools ?
where in china is genghis khan most favorably viewed today ?
the roots miniseries was based on a novel by what author ?
pollution of water by nitrates and phosphates will encourage the growth of what ?
what force acts between electric charges ?
who patented a steam engine in 1781 ?
what damaged the color tv camera that apollo 12 had taken into space ?
what gearing was used on steam turbine marine engines in the 20th century ?
when did the second series of torchwood play ?
after its re-opening , which types of movies did the tower theatre show ?
one of the sites , merceds-benz superdome , is located where ?
how long did it take johnson to respond to kennedy ?
what organization did tesla serve as vice president of ?
who is the uk 's largest digital subscription television company ?
what type of undergarment , if any , was included into the apollo spacesuit ?
what tool do stratigraphers use to see their data in three dimensions ?
where is the most successful agricultural prodcution regions ?
which linebacker led the broncos in tackles ?
what attracts the tourists to kenya ?
which player played even though he broke his arm two weeks prior to the super bowl ?
where did tesla go upon leaving gospic ?
where is the lowest point of warsaw located ?
how many years has thomas davis played in the nfl ?
what does the ten commandments ask of the christians ?
how many volumes are contained in the library ?
what do larger fortunes generate ?
what story was the first doctor who audio release based on ?
how often does the european council meet ?
recent studies believe that ctenophores are the sister lineage to what ?
the traveling salesman problem is an example of what type of problem ?
what special audio recording was released for the 40th anniversary ?
what type of fossils were found in china ?
how many times more did the other nations have to pay for oil after the surprise attack ?
how many muslims came from around the world to fight in afghanistan ?
what fortification was built in the 19th century after the defeat of the november uprising ?
what was the cost of the other super bowl events in the san francisco area ?
who did kublai make the ruler of korea ?
what is plasmodium ?
in what city did the last super bowl in california occur ?
what does pumping water into the mesoglea do ?
what colors was the 2001 abc logo ?
what was tesla 's position at the budapest telephone exchange ?
what are white blood cells known as ?
what is the dialect of newcastle known as ?
when did luther publish on the bondage of the will ?
how much more oxygen dissolves at 0 degrees c than at 20 degrees c ?
what crew sent the first ever live images of the earth and moon to earth ?
what did lempicka represent better than anyone else ?
the church rejects was as an instrument of what ?
which century was there a program to straighten the rhine ?
who donated property to the university of chicago ?
what equation currently decribes the physics of force .
who designed the bronze doors used as the main entrance to the museum ?
finding what helps to determine if a fault is a normal fault or a thrust fault ?
when did france begin in earnest to rebuild its global empire ?
what was the name of the telegraph company tesla returned to after it became functional ?
what percentage of global assets does the richest 1 % of people have ?
who led a mongol attack on the song dynasty ?
where was tracy wolfson announcing from during the super bowl 50 game ?
what was one example of a non-french painting was included in the jones bequest of 1882 ?
what market other than harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings and brighton is overinflated ?
what form of poetry was developed in the yuan ?
what types of programs help to redistribute wealth ?
for what nation did ribault initially claim what is now jacksonville ?
what did the last few of the boilerplate csm launches carry with them ?
gamma delta t cells have a different version of what receptor ?
how much higher was the rate of deforestation in 2000 , to 2005 compared to 1995 to 2000 ?
where was new year 's rockin ' eve hosted ?
what type of number theory utilizes and studies prime ideals ?
when was the third assessment report published ?
when was luther examined at augsburg by the papal legate ?
what position did justin tucker play ?
on what lake did troops attack fort willima henry in winter ?
what is the bassin de compensation de plobsheim in alsace ?
when did rapid warming begin and help vegetation ?
where did luther describe the resting place of the saints ?
why does competition among workers drive down wages ?
what is the name of the stadium where super bowl 50 was played ?
what could justify restrictions on freedom of establishment ?
in what does the doctrine of legitimate expectations have roots ?
what type of numbers are always multiples of 2 ?
how many square kilometers of rainforest is covered in the basin ?
what is the density of all primes compatible with a modulo 9 ?
who did tesla call in the middle of the night ?
what was the name of the contest sponsored by quickbooks ?
who has the role of holding the scottish government to account ?
what amount of time was the longest that tesla spent working without stopping to rest ?
where are bills typically gestated in stage 1 ?
who was responsible for the new building projects in jacksonville ?
what is the ieee ?
when were most of the places of religious worship destroyed in warsaw ?
what was the king 's first approach to the huguenots ?
what would a teacher do for someone who is cocky ?
what type of degree must a teacher have , at a minimum ?
what rituals did kublai follow to help his image ?
clergy usually serve as what in local congregations ?
what bus company in newcastle provides the majority of services south of the river ?
how many bodies of water makes up lake constance ?
at the time of its formation , how many congregations did the umc have ?
how many paid holiday days do most member states require ?
which australian tv station has run doctor who since 1965 ?
how else might a physician take advantage of self-interest ?
which khitan prince became an important administrator in the mongol empire ?
what is the largest general further education college in the north east ?
who was the head coach of the broncos in super bowl xlviii ?
what was the occupation of doctor who 's other ( non-related ) companions ?
for what invention was u.s. patent 1,655,114 granted ?
what did luther insist was present in the bread and wine ?
james hutton published a 2 volume version of his theories in what year ?
what techniques did chinese medicine include ?
what was the term kennedy used to show that america was falling behind the soviet union due to inactivity in space programs ?
whose works helped tesla recover from illness ?
when did blackburne make his argument about luther and souls ?
what language other than english has the scottish parliament had meetings in ?
in what year was it declared that no roman numerals would be used in the name of the 50th super bowl ?
universal paid for the secret life of pets and which other film trailer ?
when did o2 begin to acculturate in the atmosphere ?
what did he patent in 1891 ?
what is a term for the reversing of steam flow in a piston engine after each stroke ?
what alternate payment did edison offer tesla ?
in what theory is the idea of a number exchanged with that of an ideal ?
what is the exchange of heat associated with ?
what is the temperature in the highest portion of the mountain range in winter ?
what is typically used to broadly define complexity measures ?
why did al-qaeda tell isil to take a hike ?
which articles state that the member states ' rights to deliver public services may not be obstructed ?
which of his future general 's fathers helped temüjin escape the tayichi'ud ?
when did french learn about braddock 's plans ?
what was a happy days spinoff that debuted in the 1980s on abc ?
what device is used to test the magnetic attractions involved in liquid oxygen ?
what is a chlorenchyma cell ?
what did the fossils found in the burgess shale lack ?
what commonality do alternate machine models , such as random access machines , share with turing machines ?
where did the family move in 1862 ?
what provided an incentive to western empires to colonize africa ?
where was parliament 's temporary home whilst the permanent building was being built ?
colonial rule , or physical occupation of a territory is an example of what kind of imperialism ?
where is the science village located ?
what did the initial first stages of the saturn i tests carry ?
what was the norman religion ?
what was the name of the first huguenot church in the new world ?
a specific algorithm demonstrating t ( n ) represents what measure of time complexity ?
why has the corruption not be in the public view ?
who has the authority of a pastor only within the context and during the time of the appointment ?
who makes up the student government ?
what type of technology is the non organic separating of gases ?
what publication published an article about tesla in 1912 ?
what was special about tesla 's memory ?
where had the mongol capital been before kublai moved it ?
the idea that islam can be apolitical is n't able to be embraced by whom ?
what did mongolian president tsakhiagian elbegdorj note was significantly punished by genghis khan 's laws ?
what did schurf 's letter say luther 's return caused ?
what stipend do students enrolled in priority courses receive ?
what year did roger goodell announce that super bowl 50 would be " important " ?
how many contributing authors does an ipcc report chapter have ?
which conjecture holds that every even integer n greater than 2 can be expressed as a sum of two primes ?
who was one of the most famous people born in warsaw ?
what did protestant nobles form the following year after the signing of the augsburg confession ?
what kind of rail system is metro trains melbourne ?
the rocks at the grand canyon have been in place since when ?
what is the fee range for accessing bskyb 's epg ?
how is newport 's airport connected to the city ?
who is the final judge of right and wrong ?
which system comes after an organism 's physical barriers ?
what can faith groups ask the presiding officer to do for them ?
what happened to the things inside the lab after it was torn down ?
what british mathematician took pride in doing work that he felt had no military benefit ?
what is the name for a response of the immune system that damages the body 's native tissues ?
who ended up replacing joseph francis shea as aspo manager ?
what type of civil war was fought between political and tribal warlords ?
what game did thomas davis say he would play in , despite breaking a bone earlier on ?
besides viniculture , what 's a dominant economic sector of the middle rhine ?
where did the world 's first railway journey terminate ?
the passage of what act gave victoria its own government ?
drop in the blood levels of cortisol and epinephrine results in increase levels of what hormones ?
what type of role that islamism seeks makes it a somewhat controversial concept ?
what characteristic in recent years has been strongly tied with health in developed countries ?
john mayow died in what year ?
who were two of the founders of the united methodist church ?
what unintended development did the relationship with the elector have on church government ?
at what temperature will oxygen condense ?
what paleontologists are currently on the university 's faculty ?
what is another name to describe the science of teaching ?
in what year did roger goodell call super bowl 50 'an important game for us as a league ' ?
where was the boat demonstration given ?
where was parliament temporarily relocated to in may of 2000 ?
what music did the fourth soundtrack feature ?
in what types of organisms did the adaptive immune system first evolve ?
what color jersey has denver 0-4 ?
which nfl team won super bowl 50 ?
what seldom used term of a unit of force equal to 1000 pound s of force ?
what was the usual type of school discipline ?
which performers joined the headliner during the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
which town 's massacre did genghis khan order in retribution for the treatment of his envoys ?
what team did kubiak play for in super bowl xxi ?
how many variants is the new abc logo currently displayed in ?
how many reptiles have been discovered in the amazon region ?
which other ancient organism formed basic immune mechanisms ?
what entity in canada handles substitution regulations for television shows ?
what does atp store ?
when did the yuan people suffer a series of natural disasters ?
what part of the rhine flows west at katwijk ?
what made the oil crisis worse in the us ?
which group benefited from the funds distributed by the religious charity , al-haramain foundation ?
when was kublai 's administration running out of money ?
what do government 's run that affects teachers ?
who pointed out that the passage under dispute actually refers to a living man ?
how many members are on the warsaw city counil ?
whose writings were widely quoted by the third reich ?
what researcher showed that air is a necessity for combustion ?
what kind of cell identifies pathogens when the antibodies on its surface complex with a specific foreign antigen ?
which city is the fifth-largest city in california ?
of what form are mersenne primes ?
which is the largest city not connected to an interstate highway ?
what are the principal cash crops in kenya ?
what is the total number of professors , instructors , and lecturers at harvard ?
what is the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences ?
what is the primary purpose of chloroplasts ?
who was kaidu 's grandfather ?
who treats the majority of the population medically ?
what actress did the asl translation for the game ?
how many offensive players from the panthers were selected to play in the pro bowl ?
what were the native inhabitants of australia called ?
what book recognizes the importance of the chalcedonian creed ?
what type of geologists give information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks ?
what does critically tapered mean ?
why is the node requiered to look up
what will the number " 50 " be plated with ?
which english sculptor who became the leading portrait sculptor in regency era britain is represented in the v & a collection ?
what is the 16th century known as the start of ?
what time did a river system develop in the upper rhine graben ?
who was the most widely read writer of his generation ?
what denver player caught the ball 76 times in the 2015 season ?
what season was it when genghis khan took xiliang-fu from the tanguts ?
where did john paul ii celebrate mass in warsaw ?
approximately how many objects comprise the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art ?
what is the key accomplishment of genghis khan that modern mongolians celebrate ?
where was tesla 's new lab ?
when was his lab destroyed ?
what distinguishes granal thylakoids ?
which entity has a monopoly on initiating legislation ?
colonies were a sign of what amongst european countries ?
the all-channel receiver act mandated the support of what kind of tuning ?
what did the benefits agency think sports channels on a tv bill meant ?
what art forms did luther use to connect his hymns ?
what the marginal utility of wealth per income per person do as that person becomes richer ?
what was the estimated population of pons aelius around the 2nd century ?
which musical genre did the progressive folk-rock band gryphon presented at a concert/lecture at the v & a ?
what type of festival is the northern rock cyclone ?
name one country that banned boating , driving and flying on sundays .
what type of protest falls under civil disobedience without aggression ?
where does the rhine begin ?
what famous writer was tesla 's good friend ?
other than san bernardino , what is the name of the other city that maintains the districts including university town ?
what did the government and civil society organisations start after the riots ?
in what episode does the eleventh doctor first acknowledge his number ?
what is another word for diatom ?
up until 1990 , saudi arabia played an important role in restraining what groups ?
on what did luther 's friend blame his sadness and entrance into the cloister ?
what is being described when simplicity of geometrical forms are teamed with inspiration from the roman period ?
what is the name of the village that once existed in what is now downtown jacksonville ?
what yuan policies did muslims dislike ?
us is concerned about confrontation of the middle east with which other country ?
how many base pairs are there in synechococcus dna ?
what was the outcome of living in the california redwood tree ?
how many interceptions did cam newton throw ?
who developed a successful steam engine indicator for charles porter ?
antigone was a play made by whom ?
what other english towns were sites of huguenot settlement ?
which company had a commercial aired for free as a result of the quickbooks contest ?
what do unstable 6-carbon molecules become ?
if you were to take a train west or south out of the city of fresno , which railroad would you take ?
which conference do the teams in southern california play in ?
who is the patron saint of the huguenots ?
how many divisions make up the academics of the university ?
what television show for abc was an adaptation of the 1947 film wyoming kid ?
what is the approximate turbine entry temperature of a gas turbine ?
what happened to apollo 13 ?
how much of victoria 's farmland grows hay ?
who wrote of the savery water pump in 1751 's philosophical transactions ?
who is taught at teacher 's colleges ?
how many years has thomas davis played in the nfl ?
what point did the theologians differ on concerning the last supper ?
inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has what kind of effect on human capital formation ?
when did tesla admit to a reporter that maybe he 'd sacrificed too much by not having a relationship ?
starting in what year has harvard topped the academic rankings of world universities ?
what famous 5.9-mile athletic event takes place annually in newcastle in june ?
about how many cubic meters of make-up water is used by a 700-megawatt coal-fired power plant for evaporative cooling hourly ?
how far apart are the outer pd ring 's filaments ?
innate cells can act as mediators in the activation of what branch of the immune system ?
what did luther devise to teach christianity to the congregation ?
what british prime minister advisor is also a university alumni member ?
by what century did researchers see that they could liquefy air ?
who produced the doctor who revival series ?
what is the bend of rhine in basel called ?
what broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations ?
by what process is singlet oxygen made in the tropophere ?
how much retail activity does the neighborhood have ?
what year did tvontario start showing doctor who episodes ?
when was the measurement of the rhine introduced ?
what did tesla patent in 1891 ?
included in the v & a collection is dormer window dated 1523-35 from which european chateau ?
how did luther describe his learning at the university ?
what feature of the amazon made people believe it could n't have many inhabitants ?
how many grammy award 's does the text say lady gaga has won ?
what was newcastlegateshead voted in 2006 ?
what are abc 's current daytime talk shows ?
what was the first british empire based on ?
when was the university of chicago established ?
who did the dutch fight in the dutch revolt ?
how did the new king react to the huguenots ?
who did the us provide aid to , to fight against the soviet union ?
what must the adoption of laws which will have legal effect in the eu have ?
who stripped the ball from cam newton while sacking him on this drive ?
what was the name of the 3d system effect in dimension in time ?
where are some words from the geordia dialect used ?
along with tuition , scholarships , vouchers , donations and grants , where does funding for private schools come from ?
what church is organized into conferences ?
what conjecture holds that there is an infinite amount of twin primes ?
on what day were images of the moon 's surface transmitted to earth via television images ?
the classification of aspects of the amazon forest is important for mapping what type of emission ?
the french thought bringing what would uplift other regions ?
what does kuznets ' curve predict about income inequality given time ?
when was warsaw 's first stock exchange established ?
what did the islamic state proclaim itself in 2014 ?
what principle highlights the significance of primes in number theory
among whom was genghis khan 's empire split after his death ?
who analyzes rock samples from drill cores in the lab ?
what were two of fresno 's most beautiful architectural buildings that are now demolished ?
what is a simple form of civil disobedience ?
why was this short termed organization created ?
what comedy block debuted in 1989 for abc ?
the average contractor hired how many employees ?
what kind of climate does southern california maintain ?
higher rates of health and social problems are just two of examples of effects from what ?
what product was notably shipped in vessels equipped with double and triple expansion engines ?
southern california had a population of 22,680,010 according to the census from which year ?
what is the name of the movement that seeks renewed use of steam power in the modern era ?
who was philip i ?
when did the jin dynasty begin ?
what is the name of the cbs affiliate in fresno ?
by what document did the huguenots confess their faith to the portuguese in brazil ?
what are the two bodies that make up the european union 's legislature ?
how many times a year does the council meet ?
what city is tied with miami for hosting the super bowl ?
what did low suggest using apollo 8 for instead of simply orbiting the earth 's surface ?
how does ht strive to amass power ?
the uk and france had non interruptions in their oil supply as they did not allow which country to use their airfield ?
how many kgs of moon rocks did the program bring back ?
under what treaty can the european commission take action against member states ?
microplates squeezing and rotating created the features of what ?
in what kind of system of particles are there no unbalanced iinternal forces ?
along with one veteran , what other two types of crew could be included in lieu of veterans after the successful landings of apollo 11 and 12 ?
what did tesla work as after dropping out ?
the transportation law allows personal aircraft to share the roadways with what ?
who recovered a manning fumble ?
where does hamas want to establish an islamic state ?
in addition to recirculating water , what do condensers do ?
how many siblings did tesla have ?
what danger did the ipcc understate ?
who designed the largest item from italy that is part of the v & a sculpture collection ?
who lost to the broncos in the afc championship ?
how many lines run out of downtown los angeles ?
what diagrams are used to simplify particle interactions on a fundamental level ?
what khitan leader defected to the mongols ?
what was the rumored reason edison and tesla were not awarded the prize ?
plant cells respond to the molecules associated with pathogens known as what ?
when did the egyptian islamic jihad assassinate anwar sadat ?
who did peyton manning complete an 18 yard pass to on the opening drive ?
based on population alone , what is jacksonville 's ranking in the united states ?
what do the three richest people in the world posses more of than the lowest 48 nations together ?
what type of goals are usually done skirting the law ?
what type of discipline do critics want to see ?
what did dalton think the atomic ratios were between atoms in compounds ?
commensal flora can change what specific conditions of their environment in the gastrointestinal tract ?
when did tesla start working on the problem of energy and matter ?
what is also decided by the presiding officer ?
how many members in the seats of the scottish parliament are members of the scottish government ?
what does yeke mongghul ulus mean ?
what is the final stage of a bill in the scottish parliament ?
what are apicomplexans a type of ?
what is an example of an immunosuppressive drug that prevents t cell activity by altering signal transduction pathways ?
what weapon caused the wounds that killed tangut general ma jianlong ?
what was the civil war against ragibagh also called ?
how often do parliament elections take place ?
what was the total nominal gdp of warsaw in 2010 ?
what was dalton 's erroneous formula for water ?
what government set standards do all schools have to meet ?
what gorge is between the bingen and bonn ?
in the mid 18th century , who did not concur that 1 should be the first prime number ?
which countries became dependent on us 's security assurance to threats ?
what is petrology ?
how did other countries have copies of the show ?
which president ended the emergency energy conservation act ?
who is the designer of the " 50 ? "
ministers of what faith were trained by the university in early years ?
what entity owns v/line ?
what year did charles avison die in newcastle ?
what was westinghouse potentially trying to avoid by paying tesla ?
where do chloroplasts make amino acids ?
what us war has a large amount of civil disobedients ?
in schools using popularly based authority , what is public order like ?
what promoted the growrth of mnemiposis in the black sea ?
today , which church is generally considered one of the more moderate and tolerant denominations ?
when did sideline jackets and hats start to feature gold-trimmed logos ?
what is kenya 's hdi ?
what did luther refuse to do ?
for many years , what was the brotherhood described as ?
what is the largest traveling fair in europe ?
in his defense of doctor who , what did philip howard compare to the london property market ?
in which year did the newspaper define southern california ?
what is norman art 's most well known piece ?
who thought the world could be split into climatic zones ?
what is the role of teachers in education ?
what is the name of the property where the media event was held for super bowl 50 ?
what is doctor who 's space ship called ?
what was the patent number for tesla 's final patent ?
what is the bielany forest the last remnant of ?
what president of the university transformed it into a modern research university ?
how many panthers went to the pro bowl ?
when using a probabilistic algorithm , how is the probability that the number is composite expressed mathematically ?
what is the name of the desert near the border of nevada ?
the innate immune system responds in a generic way , meaning it is what ?
how many broadcast television partners does the nfl have ?
what would type of studying would require a teacher to take on a supervisor role ?
when did the democratic republic of afghanistan collapse ?
what is the axis of warsaw which divides it into two parts ?
rather than roman numerals , what did the nfl decide to use ?
which continents are represented in the v & a 's textiles collection ?
what unit is measured to determine circuit complexity ?
time and space are both examples of what type of resource ?
what two radio stations in denver carried super bowl 50 ?
is fertilization internal or exeternal in most species ?
what was a similar view about the asian continent called ?
what organization did iqbal join in london ?
what group has approved the appointment of an openly partnered lesbian to the provisional diaconate ?
prior to manning , who was the oldest quarterback to play in a super bowl ?
what long term agenda was the acts of plundering muslim lands by the west ?
vendobionta lived during which period ?
what are antimicrobial peptides that evolved as immune defense in eukaryotes called ?
when was the first plastome sequenced ?
in 2005 , approximately how many members were in the umc ?
along with the american institute of electrical engineers what other institute eventually became the ieee ?
who fought in the great northern war ?
when did the general sejm make warsaw it 's permanent seat ?
what is partially responsible for weakened immune response in older individuals ?
how old were the fossils found in china ?
what conjecture holds that there are always a minimum of 4 primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2 ?
when was the dutch revolt ?
what do some theories claim about civil disobedience ?
what countries does kenya compete with for long distance running ?
red ribbons in the logo were used to represent which division of abc ?
at first , what did oxygen and iron combine to form ?
who was alfred s brown ?
what made the student decide to occupy the president 's office in protest ?
what was tesla likely to do with his work ?
who created the code that governed military and civilian conduct in the mongol empire ?
what were the two main theories of immunity at the end of the 19th century ?
what was tesla 's belief as to the selling price of the biplane ?
what are cancerous tumors of the skin known as ?
what cancels our guilt and empowers us to resist the power of sin and to fully love god and neighbor ?
what is jacksonville 's hottest month on average ?
what degree did martin luther receive on 19 october , 1512 ?
in many countries , what kind of pay gap is there ?
how is packet switching characterized
what was the occupation of tesla 's father ?
as of 2008 , about what percentage of swedish students attended private schools ?
where does the rhine end ?
what is the only form kinetic energy can change into ?
what does phosphorylation do ?
how many species of insects are known in the region ?
how many lines does the commuter rail system have ?
what is the virus in humans that causes cervical cancer ?
when rock formations are found on top of a fault that have not been cut , then they must be older or younger than the fault ?
how many paid holiday days does the working time directive require workers to have each year ?
what is the potential earnings for a job where there are few skilled workers but many available positions ?
what is floridean ?
what is one variable on which the running time may be contingent ?
d'olier street is named after whom ?
what was the tribe of the woman temüjin married when he was around 16 years old ?
what system was adopted for education ?
who tipped peyton 's pass for an interception ?
when did kenya gain independance ?
what can students that complete high school have opportunites to do ?
what revolutionary war midnight rider was a huguenot descendant ?
who designed and sculpted the marble fireplace in the centre refreshment room ?
what is the force called rgarding a potential field between two locations ?
of what nationality was martin luther ?
where did kenyatta visit at the invitation of the president ?
when john fox left as head coach for the broncos , who replaced him ?
what are the two simple word responses to a decision problem ?
how long was the summer theatre in operation ?
if np is not equal to p , viewed through this lens , what type of problems can also be considered intractable ?
what type of treatment do civil disobedients usually receive ?
where do juvenile platyctenids live ?
what early greek wrote about experiments on air and combustion ?
which mongol leader was most opposed to jochi as genghis khan 's successor ?
completing q with respect to what will produce the field of real numbers ?
who was sacked as the first half clock expired ?
how many research institutes does the university run on campus ?
how many astronauts was the lm intended to take from orbit of the moon to the surface of the moon ?
in 1758 what was duc de choiseul 's plan for focused military efforts ?
how much of the lake connecting with the rhine can you see from the german islands ?
what new medical drama helped abc jump to second place in the ratings during the 2004-2005 season ?
all clergy appointments are made for how long ?
what do redistribution mechanisms lead to ?
what is one reason a patient might choose an internet pharmacy ?
when did tesla move to new york city ?
what is the intrisic angular variable called when particles act upon one another ?
what has a negative influence over the us economy ?
ctenophora are less complex than which other phylum ?
what can and old , ill man not do ?
what is the gender income inequality in bahrain ?
if the apparant force of two fermions is repulsive , what is the spin function ?
what is the minimum distance between a patient 's home and the nearest pharmacy that allows a physician in austria to give out medicine ?
what was temur khan 's chinese-style name ?
who approved of this plan ?
what does factorization of prime ideals approximate ?
approximately how many old masters works are included in the v & a collection ?
how are decisions made on behave of the eu made ?
when was the holocene ?
when was the heyday of secular arab nationalism ?
what is the second level of territorial division in poland ?
what does the utilitarian principle seek for the greatest number of people ?
what is one of the supplementary sources of european union law ?
what prompted shen kuo to believe the land was formed by erosion of the mountains ?
who edited tesla 's autobiography ?
difficulty in establishing a framework for complexity classes can be caused by what variable ?
during what period did downtown fresno thrive ?
who gave her royal assent to the scotland act of 1998 ?
what type of ballot is used to elect the presiding officer and deputies of the parliament ?
who wrote the poem the mark of anarchy ?
who is most likely to teach a child at home ?
what is the center library in the harvard library system ?
what is the main defense mechanism of bacteria known as ?
what is an example of a problem to which effective algorithms have provided a solution in spite of the intractability associated with the breadth of sizes ?
how many children did luther and his wife have ?
what group bought cyprus after the norman conquest ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , what was the total umc membership ?
who sets the legislative agenda in victoria ?
what year saw the earliest recorded use of the steam engine indicator ?
when did robert crispin go up against the turks ?
what is the low-power station that serves birmingham , alabama for abc ?
in what form are most hospital medications ?
who was on celeron 's expedition ?
when less workers are required , what happens to the job market ?
after cancelling the show , what did the bbc tell the public ?
what issues were not addressed in the treaty of aix-la-chapelle ?
how long ago did cyanobacteria enter a cell ?
what was tampa 's primary abc affiliate prior to 1994 ?
in which year did genghis khan 's grandson invade kievan rus ' ?
what reform was attempted following the nice treaty ?
what is the name of the program that provides contracting work to local companies ?
which player recovered possession of the ball in the end zone ?
what is the upper house of the parliament of victoria called ?
when did mechlin lace develop ?
how many types of science fiction have been impacted by tesla ?
the rhine forms the border between austria and what other country ?
what was the building that formerly occupied the v & a 's present site called ?
what is raghuram rajan 's career ?
what country are all the counties in ?
who was the most influential researcher among those grappling with the deficit of work surrounding the complexity posed by algorithmic problems ?
who were the defending super bowl champions ?
what cable company removed abc stations from it 's systems in certain markets in april 2000 ?
what type of vote must the parliament have to either block or suggest changes to the commission 's proposals ?
which new subdivision of abc films produced programming for u.s. syndication ?
what did luther add to his catechisms ?
for which project did deke slayton work with before becoming director of flight crew operations ?
what kind of structure is a carboxysome ?
where do ctenophores be found in large numbers ?
how long would the invasion of the middle east have to last in order to develop renewable resources ?
what was an example of a type of warship that required high speed ?
when was the announcement for the lor made after being delayed ?
how many people does the greater los angeles area have ?
who was the chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce ?
who had worked on the saturn series even before the apollo program began officially ?
living from 973–1048 ce he was one of the earliest persian geologists , what was his name ?
how is chloroplast replication observed ?
what do carotenoids absorb ?
how are packets normally forwarded
how many interceptions did manning have in 2015 ?
after what event did the spanish concede florida to britain ?
what did luther begin to experience in 1536 ?
what is the name of the region that is not defined by the eight or 10 county definitions ?
who sold the upper rhine to burgundy ?
what did standard & poor recommend to speed economy recovery ?
what type of works from asia are included in the v & a 's british galleries ?
what is the most distinctive feature of ctenophora ?
which television network aired the super bowl ?
who loved warsaw so much that he kept putting it in his novels ?
at first what did tesla think was the main cause of damage to skin cells when they were exposed to x-rays ?
why do islamists need democratic elections ?
what did mueller have experience with prior to joining the space program ?
what impact does higher worker productivity and leveled pay have on higher earners ?
what did luther write as an outline of the new faith ?
who figured out that his law of gravity had to be universal ?
unlike confirmation and profession of faith , what is a sacrament in the umc ?
how long did tesla spend redesigning the motor and generators ?
what is the application of prime numbers used in information technology which utilizes the fact that factoring very large prime numbers is very challenging ?
what network was launched by abc in 2004 ?
where does the rhine river 's measurement begin ?
in what states are pharmacist clinicians given prescriptive and diagnostic authority ?
disruptions in sleep can lead to increase in what chronic conditions ?
what is warsaw 's economy characterized by ?
what does it take a country with high inequality longer to achieve ?
what do later versions of the lord 's prayer hymn still use ?
after braddock died , who controlled north american british forces ?
the function of long-lived memory cells is an example of what kind of immune response ?
who produced the illumination for the 1524 charter that is in the v & a library archive ?
when have humans started impacting the delta ?
when did tesla enroll in austrian polytechnic ?
about how many of the asian population was hmong ?
what had the yuan used to print its money before bronze plates ?
who first played the master in the 2007 series ?
what collection does the v & a theatre & performance galleries hold ?
who makes formal appointment or dismissal decisions ?
what organization has continued to be a major disruptive force in palestine ?
what is the comparison in price between australian private schools versus public ?
what does most of the hd material use as a standard ?
zoning requirements , environmental impact , budgeting , and logistics are things who should consider ?
what effect does european union law have on laws of member states ?
what dutch document condemned the spanish inquisition ?
what act sets forth the functions of the scottish parliament ?
juvenile and adult beroe lack what ?
what british cultural trend during the georgian is linked to design during the same period ?
in what year was fort coligny destroyed ?
when did the ancestors of modern homo sapiens inhabit kenya ?
why does unemployment harm growth ?
the hawaiian islands are made up almost entirely of what ?
what do a number of researchers think a shortage of is caused in part by income inequality ?
how many chloroplasts are in a square mm of a leaf ?
what was tesla 's fathers occupation ?
what year was super bowl 50 ?
when was his article published in century magazine ?
during 2012-2013 , how many student were able to take the core classes at a single time ?
what was the name for the imaging campaign abc began in 2007 ?
what has a classification system for construction companies ?
where was shirey going to be when fort oswego was to be attacked ?
what resolution were the cameras increased to for the game ?
what book was iqbal 's seven english lectures published as ?
who translated and printed luther 's 95 these ?
what did the church claim could be avoided with money ?
what was a non-religious reason for the massacre ?
when did bskyb discontinue the sky+ box ?
in the philippines , what percentage of secondary school students attend private schools ?
how many episodes were in the daleks ' master plan ?
the bend on the rhine goes from the west to what direction ?
how many affiliates did abc have in 1949 ?
what magnitude was the 1994 northridge earthquake ?
how are the explanations supported ?
were the restored tapes able to have color added to them to enhance the picture or did they remain black and white ?
which nfl team represented the afc at super bowl 50 ?
how long was the longest doctor who christmas special ?
what type of steam engines produced most power up to the early 20th century ?
which is older the british empire or the ethiopian empire ?
when was isiah bowman appointed to president wilson 's inquiry ?
what is the catholic doctrine of fides caritate formata ?
what english law made that country more welcoming to huguenots ?
what was a popular type of variety show during the yuan ?
what happens when the immune system less active than normal ?
what will concentrated oxygen greatly speed up ?
when did seven protestant churches agree with the nazi policy of forcing jews to wear yellow arm bands ?
dec originally had 3 layers but evolved into how many layers
why must one be excluded in order to preserve the uniqueness of the fundamental theorem ?
how many yards did denver have for super bowl 50 ?
in what month and year was the revised manual of regulations for private schools released ?
what party is strongest in melbourne 's affluent areas ?
how many yards was the field goal that made the score 13-7 in super bowl 50 ?
who did tesla credit for his abilities ?
during glacial times , where was the mouth of the rhine located ?
how much of a voting majority must there be to effectively censure the commission ?
what was given to high schools where former students went on to play or coach in a super bowl ?
how many yards did brad nortman 's punt travel ?
when was levi 's stadium awarded the right to host super bowl 50 ?
where do other tourist events happen in victoria outside of melbourne ?
who threw gold into the rhine , according to legend ?
in which year did john forster bequeathed his large collection of books to the museum ?
in what part of the 19th century were steam turbines introduced ?
how much potential economic growth could the united states amass if everyone went through more schooling ?
what is an islamic revival movement ?
when did the plague return to europe ?
what century did the name of the rhine come from ?
what was originally on the spacesuits prior to the clear " fishbowl " helmet ?
terra nullius is a latin expression meaning what in english ?
what did kllbrandon 's report in 1973 recommend establishing ?
what american actor is also a university graduate ?
how is oxygen produced from carbon dioxide on the other planets of the solar system ?
what policy did the kelven report contain ?
where is the neighborhood of sunnyside located in fresno ?
constitutional impasse is different from civil disobedience because does not include what type of person ?
what did the development of this fertile soil provide in hostile environment ?
who was tesla trying to photograph when he accidentally took the x-ray image ?
what does warszawa mean in polish ?
who created the 2005 theme for doctor who ?
what south korean car manufacturer purchased the factor in 1995 ?
what is another term for shortening the admission event ?
where is kenya located ?
who registered the most receptions on the broncos ?
in 1940 , what percentage of the population in fresno was asian ?
how many folks died of plague in newcastle in the 1630s ?
what term was used for the first regeneration ?
besides the north sea and the irish channel , what else was lowered in the last cold phase ?
what was faith 's greatest enemy according to luther ?
what is the rhine gorge known for ?
of warsaw 's inhabitants in 1901 , what percentage was catholic ?
what team had the best start ever in the nfl ?
what movie company paid to have the next jason bourne movie ad shown during the super bowl ?
where do the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to ?
what forces should serve as a brake on wealth concentration ?
to what can the use of prolonged breathing of oxygen at 60 kpa lead ?
when extensive time is required to sort integers , this represents what case complexity ?
which plateau is the left part of warsaw on ?
how long does it take to know the outcome of a division ?
what was the subtitle of the independence day movie that had a trailer during the super bowl ?
which member of parliament explained how the museum would preserve the collection and keep it available to the public ?
what monastery did the saint-evroul monks establish in italy ?
what was the largest pottery company in the world in 1817 ?
what do the waal and the nederrijn-lek discharge throguh ?
why did the exiled polish government in london order the underground home army to seize control of warsaw prior to the arrival of the red army ?
who oversees a pharmacy technician in the uk ?
what was the name of the launch vehicle for nasa , which north american aviation designed the second stage of ?
what is the longest river in germany ?
what expression is generally used to convey upper or lower bounds ?
how many teachers are usually involved when co-teaching ?
what age does basic education start ?
how did luther 's writings sound as he became less healthy ?
what was the name of the first successful credit card ?
what is an underbid ?
what is the nickname for the " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " graph ?
what helped spread protestantism in france ?
what is one general concept that applies to elements of commutative rings ?
in what year of 20th century , did harvard release an important document about education in america ?
how are chloroplasts similar to mitochondria ?
what would a community member need to teach informally ?
which carolina panthers wide receiver suffered a torn acl before the season began ?
what ruler , besides john of saxony and philip of hesse , formed the schmalkaldic league ?
what time of day did these reformed supposedly gather to engage in huguenot rituals ?
when was an extended episode of doctor who shown ?
when did the germanic tribes claim territory in north and west europe ?
who listed the grainger market architecture as grade 1 in 1954 ?
what was the name of the other hd channel virgin media could carry in the future ?
who made the first to measure value of the newton universal gravitation constant ?
what honorary title does bob geldof hold ?
what did tesla develop in 1887 ?
which doctors were featured in the four doctors ?
reduction essentially takes one problem and converts into what ?
what did the the europeans think the peoples in the tropics were in need of ?
who ordered the attack on the caravan of traders genghis khan send to khwarezmia ?
when did the bbc receive a favorable ruling on the trade mark claim ?
what public entity of learning is often target of civil disobedience ?
by which year did the american cars mpg start to improve ?
other than the 1980s , in which decade did most of san bernardino and riverside counties develop ?
what system did tesla recommend to niagara falls in 1893 ?
who served his dinner ?
what did the jewish people do so pagan items would n't be in the temple of jerusalem ?
what did foreign clones of datapac allow for
how much revenue is private ?
what might the amazon forest become if it passes the tipping point and starts to die ?
what is the escape of the steam unlikely to accomplish in all but the smallest boilers ?
what is the systemic acquired resistance response of a plant immune system ?
what will ensure and create the framework for the action plan to work ?
what percentage of the u.s. population self-identify with umc ?
which train company provides local and regional services ?
what percentage of the vote for a scottish assembly in favor of it ?
what ended up being used for the streetcars in the place of tesla 's system ?
what was ntl telewest re-branded to in 2007 ?
what happened with the rate of flow in the rhine with the straightening program ?
what was martin parry 's role in the ipcc ?
besides rivers , what shapes the sedimentation of the rivers ?
what did luther 's answer to the antinomians reaffirms ?
which country 's imports became the de facto mass market leaders ?
what is the best qb ranking that cam newton holds ?
other theories of the word 's origin can be generally classed as what ?
what made ohio country vulnerable ?
under which courts is most eu law applied ?
what year did a super bowl play in the bay area around san francisco , prior to super bowl 50 ?
some theories argue that civil disobedience is justified in regard to ?
this network influenced later models of
what is the largest denomination within the wider methodist movement ?
who were the two lay preachers that wesley ordained as presbyters ?
decision tree is an example of what type of measure ?
who financed general electric 's attempts to takeover westinghouse ?
what egyptian president jailed thousands of members of the brotherhood ?
what were the saxon palace and brühl palace in prewar warsaw ?
after apollo missions 18 and 19 were cancelled , what happened to the saturn vs that were never used ?
who is the general secretary for the national association of schoolmasters union of women teachers ?
which logo had the dw tardis insignia removed ?
who became the first african americans ordained by the methodist church ?
what river did genghis khan cross before defeating the main tangut army ?
who played the war doctor ?
what characteristic identifies the french ancestry of some south africans ?
who is the publisher of the doctor who adventures magazine ?
what parts of the original catholic mass did luther leave out of his new mass ?
who wrote that it is difficult to produce an all inclusive definition of civil disobedience ?
on what show did bill aiken make is television debut ?
what is the name of the american writer and satirist who is also a university alumni ?
on what date was series two first shown by the cbc ?
besides cultural events , what other tourist attraction does victoria have ?
of what was the diet of worms an assembly ?
when was the paper published that the " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " graph was based on ?
missing self desribes cells that only have small amounts of what cell-surface marker ?
what petroleum company was a super bowl sponsor ?
what player did the field problem at levi 's stadium affect for a field goal in week six of the regular season ?
who are commonly associated with the algorithm typically considered the most effective with respect to finite polynomial hierarchy and graph isomorphism ?
how many member states adopted the social charter in 1989 ?
in which year did alexander dyce bequeathed his books to the museum ?
how did trying to establish a devolved scottish assembly go in 1979 ?
who was the leader who established the colony at florida ?
how many developed countries did british researchers use to gather statistics from ?
plants lack what kind of immune cells ?
who was bill aiken 's adopted mother ?
which company did tesla work for in 1881 ?
what was the average duty of a low-pressure watt engine ?
when is the earliest britain had an imperialist policy ?
how was the population of mnemiopsis in the black sea and the sea of azov brought under control ?
what did he work on refining until the end of his life ?
what is the term of office for each house member ?
when was amnesty granted to those responsible for the massacre ?
school desegregation in the united states led to an increased number of students of what ethnicity in public schools ?
what magazine did tesla talk to about the strange signals ?
what makes energy changes in a closed system ?
how many seats does victoria have in the senate ?
the legislative competence of the parliament species what areas ?
what group initiated the community dialogues ?
how many touchdowns did manning have at the end of the game ?
what city in victoria is called the sporting capital of australia ?
who is in control of legislative power ?
what was joseph haas arrested for ?
what might offering bonuses help reduce ?
where did luther explain his idea of justification ?
how many touchdowns did manning throw in the game ?
relegation to secondary status for abc resulted in viewership how much lower than their competitors , according to goldenson ?
what type of treatment are pharmacists important for ?
what year was jamukha surrendered to temüjin ?
what was the principle shown in the mark of anarchy ?
what is the name of the bridge that joins parts of the campus of the charles river ?
how popular was coronation street in the late 80 's ?
in what city is wbt-fm located ?
what is the moniker that is being used to describe the region 's diversified technology ?
how much older was manning than newton during super bowl 50 ?
when did tesla make the induction motor ?
what is the effect on humans of oxygen ?
what is the cjeu 's duty ?
what was michael eisner 's main credit in his time at abc ?
in which year was the john jones collection left to the museum ?
how much more land does the school own in allston than cambridge ?
what type of compounds does oxygen most commonly form ?
what can a simultaneous hermaphrodite do ?
which is more sophisticated , numericals model or an analog models of orogenic wedges ?
when violence is used , what is civil disobedience sometimes called ?
what did luther seek to restore ?
what could a teacher help in organizing ?
what do capitalist firms substitute equipment for in a marxian analysis ?
what is the highest peak in victoria ?
what was the title of philo 's work ?
what branch of theoretical computer science deals with broadly classifying computational problems by difficulty and class of relationship ?
what types of preparation do pharmacists have ?
how are chloroplasts in land plants usually shaped ?
what can cause salaries to go higher than the range ?
what can increase the tension force on a load ?
in what year did pierre de fermat declare fermat 's little theorem ?
what position did luther have in wittenberg ?
what happened to the rate of flow in the rhine during the rhine straightening program ?
sedimentary rock can be turned into which of the three types of rock ?
the kronenberg palace had been an exceptional example of what type of architecture ?
how far from the yard is the quad located ?
what has a lama determined to do ?
what books did bayle publish ?
what is the only story of the original series where doctor who travels alone ?
what was the guiding principle of the mongol empire code of conduct ?
besides africa , where did germany have imperial interests ?
what did the ominde commission do ?
indigenous territories are largely being destroyed in what two ways ?
who controlled sicily before the normans ?
who did the north declare for during the english civil war ?
how many color analysts were involved with super bowl 50 ?
photosynthesis uses which energy to for oxygen from water ?
who was given the esteemed status of mvp for super bowl 50 ?
how many rows of combs are there ?
what new series continues the plot of the original doctor who ?
when were the earliest doctor who books available ?
what is composed of the area provost/dean ad the several district superintendents of the districts in the annual conference ?
how much carbon gets wasted by using o2 instead of co2 ?
who did the geographic scholars work for ?
the procedure continues until what ?
what do current ctenophores have that fossils found did not have ?
what scale does trade liberalization shift economic inequality from ?
how many campuses does the university of california have ?
where did the huguenots land in new york originally ?
in what year did fresno become an incorporated city ?
as a norm , what day of the week is the traditional media day held prior to a super bowl ?
how many msps are there ?
what was the first building erected that still forms part of the museum ?
what was tesla 's reputation in popular culture ?
what movie awards show does abc currently hold the rights to ?
what has an equivalence between mass and space-time ?
though trained as a lawyer , what profession did maududi pursue instead ?
where was abc marine world opened ?
what is a name for the different ways to instruct students ?
what did the astronauts on the moon send back to earth live via signals ?
who represents the scottish parliament at home and abroad in an official capacity ?
in what model do grana look like pancakes ?
what does newcastle still contain many of ?
what was the fresno fairgrounds used as ?
what does motion at a constant velocity equal ?
what interpretation of islam is , for many of the adherents , the " gold standard " of their religion ?
what proportion of the general population in the area than became iran did genghis khan kill ?
in a progressive tax , what increases as the taxable base amount increases ?
approximately how many paintings comprise the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art ?
what two things does pharmacy informatics bring together ?
who published tesla 's writings ?
what do some sources say nikola 's brother died from ?
who broadcast the super bowl on tv ?
which descendants of genghis khan tried to dissociate themselves from the mongol massacres in the middle east ?
who organized the trees of the amazon into four categories ?
how else can petrologists understand the temperature at which different mineral phases appear ?
how many base pairs are there in chromatophore dna ?
when was the lisbon treaty established ?
what is one country that has been suggested for importation of medicines ?
when was the large work published ?
which provinces in canada limit the rights of pharmacists in prescribing ?
what venue in miami was a candidate for the site of super bowl 50 ?
what did houghton say is necessary for any changes to the spm ?
how near to his death was the work published ?
what are los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino and riverside ?
who proclaimed the oil embargo ?
who led the most rapid expansion of the mongol empire ?
who was given land by british goovernment for development of ohio country ?
who was the jin dynasty defector who betrayed the location of the jin army ?
what is an annual two-day multicultural event held in newcastle in late august ?
when did the league go from 15 to 16 games in the regular season ?
according to the umc , persons who are addicted to pornography have altered perceptions of whom ?
which doctors were highlighted on the first audio releases on cd ?
who gives leadership , preaches the word and conducts marriages , among other duties ?
what was the theorized maximum population density per square kilometre for the amazon rainforest ?
what did lindzen criticize about the summary for policymakers ?
how do plants get chloroplasts ?
what does the flow of the rhine being visible depend on ?
who first showed that newton 's theory of gravity was not as correct as another theory ?
as a person gets older , what does the skin produce less of ?
what happens to reactive oxygen species signals since they do n't leave the chloroplast ?
what is a a developing economy 's level of inequality bulging out called ?
what year was temüjin , who became genghis khan , likely born ?
how many farms are there in victoria ?
besides viniculture , what is the other dominate economic sector in the middle rhine ?
what is christian perfection ?
what is the full official city name of warsaw ?
the us expansion westward could be viewed as what type of colonialism ?
in april 2014 , how many new zealand students attended private schools ?
what well-known archeologist believed the amazon did n't have many inhabitants ?
how many branches does the rhine branch into ?
what did luther feel he made of christ ?
in what year did dewar experiment on liquid oxygen ?
what can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry ?
what does oxygen the basis for in combustion ?
who selects and hires the best ideas and appropriate contractors ?
where in central asia did the han chinese move ?
when did tesla give a demonstration of his remote control boat ?
how old was chopin when he moved to warsaw with his family ?
to calculate instant angular acceleration of a rigid body what would you use ?
on what date did henry kissinger negotiate an israeli troop withdrawal from the sinai peninsula ?
what is kenya a founding member of ?
when did kibaki and odinga sing an agreement on the formation of government ?
what is the immune system ?
what is cpdna 's replication similar to ?
how many of the prior super bowl mvps appeared together at the pregame show ?
how much can ctenophores eat in one day ?
how many paintings did john sheeshanks give to the museum ?
for what type of music was doctor who considered a pioneer ?
the restriction modification system is used by bacteria for protection from what pathogens ?
what do chloroplasts use to fix carbon dioxide into sugar ?
how many galleries does the v & a have ?
ctenophores and cnidarians are classified as what ?
what abc comedy had the record for the longest running comedy until being passed by the simpsons in 2002 ?
who took the throne after kusala 's death ?
when people take on debt , it leads potentially to what ?
what other kind of sport is popular in southern california ?
what kind of experiments of rock deformation do structural geologists perform ?
what are harvard 's pell grant reserves ?
what type of professionals are pharmacists ?
is it easier or harder to change eu law than stay the same ?
who is on the ipcc panel ?
what did the bankamericard allow customers do to that they could n't do with previous financial instruments ?
when did the practice of wiping tapes stop ?
in what country was a full-scale working railway steam locomotive first invented ?
what remained an important issue in scottish national identity for many years ?
what was the resolution of the cameras used in the eyevision 360 system ?
what school model is sweden notable for ?
the church holds that they are equally bound to respect the sacredness of the life and well-being of whom ?
what began in 1527 when luther introdued the new order of worship ?
to which year has the antwerp city hall doors in the v & a collection been dated ?
are ctenophores predators , vegetarian or parasitic ?
what did luther think that faith could not be understood by ?
what leads to confusion and collapse ?
what do the top 400 richest americans have more of than half of all americans combined ?
the term " southern " california usually refers to how many of the southern-most counties of the state ?
whose role is to design the works , prepare the specifications and produce construction drawings , administer the contract , tender the works , and manage the works from inception to completion
what kind of non-peer-reviewed sources does the ipcc use ?
what is vision 2030 ?
what are the secondary sources of primary law ?
in the 1965-66 season , what place did abc find it 's self among the other networks in ratings ?
what are the three parchment-bound manuscripts of the codex forster called ?
what is the term when middle income earners aspire to obtain the same standards of living as people wealthier than themselves ?
what is the estimate of how many physicians give out drugs on their own ?
what responsibilities were pharmacy technicians formerly limited to ?
what caused the spread of the jacksonville fire in 1901 ?
what park covers an area of 76 ha . ?
on what date was victoria declared independent from new south wales ?
which historic empire used cultural imperialism to sway local elites ?
what sort of power transmission did tesla show off at his labs ?
why would one plead guilty to a crime involving civil disobedience ?
graham gano kicked a field goal of how many yards ?
in what compound is oxygen part of a ring arrangement ?
what are the main sources of primary law ?
what kingdom annexed warsaw in 1796 ?
what is the name of the student improvisational theater troupe ?
what year did the denver broncos secure a super bowl title for the third time ?
what has partical physics made to describe sub-atomic forces ?
when did the last glacial start ?
what body constitutes the supreme legislature of scotland ?
where was the ball recovered ?
who put on a doctor who exhibition in 1991 ?
when was the teaching council act passed ?
what was the time limit on luther 's recantation of sentences ?
which government entity helped to pay for the festivities , beyond businesses and individuals ?
what types of discipline did the teacher have access to ?
what are cestida called ?
what park is close to john lennon street ?
what causes the population of ctenophora to grow at an explosive rate ?
in which year was the salting bequest ?
how many same-sex married couples or partnerships were there ?
why has the muslim brotherhood facilitated inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies ?
who reigned over the ottoman empire when it was at its most powerful .
when did tesla depart graz ?
what entity was touchstone television reorganized into in 2007 ?
when did abc 's new york flagship stations change their call signs ?
abc debuted what sports program on april 29 , 1961 ?
what is the force equivalent of torque compared to angular momentum ?
what were high court proceedings being held about ?
where was a beer , wine and food festival held at prior to the super bowl ?
what vote on a bill takes place in stage 3 ?
what do ftsz1 and ftsz2 combine into ?
what is the principle about relating spin and space variables ?
when are the ashes now ?
what company created doctor who ?
what type of forested areas can be found on the highest terrace ?
who sang the national anthem ?
in what year did the amazon experience a drought that may have been more extreme than in 2005 ?
who was brought it to work on the museum after the death of captain francis fowke ?
how many successors of kublai was toghun the last of ?
in addition to a new body , what else changes about the doctor ?
what is the use of the law by the holy spirit ?
how many other contestants did the company , that had their ad shown for free , beat out ?
when did oxygen begin to move from the oceans to the atmosphere ?
the university established a center in beijing in what year ?
where did mongke khan attack the song dynasty ?
whose portrait by françois clouet was included in the jones bequest of 1882 ?
how many organizations issued the joint statement on climate change ?
what land was ceded to spain ?
the church emphasizes the need to be in supportive ministry of what group ?
when did the bantu expansion reach the area from west-central africa ?
which gas makes up 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere ?
how much was the combined wealth of the " 10 million dollar millionaires " in 2008 ?
on what river does warsaw stand ?
a complete loss of rainforest cover may be caused by what type of emissions ?
what was the name for the new radio concept designed by allen shaw ?
health problems were lower in places with higher levels of what ?
what egyptologist was also apart of the university 's faculty ?
what is the logic behind the cicadas prime number evolutionary strategy ?
what was the name of the florida huguenot colony ?
what did luther expound to be greater than sin ?
what additional srevice did bskyb offer besides video on demand that they claimed offered " substantially more value " ?
what had to happen to each mission before they would continue on to the next mission ?
what happens if angiosperm shoots do n't get enough light ?
what character in the play portrays civil disobedience ?
jellyfish and sea anemones belong to which group/
where does kenya rang on the cpi scale ?
by whom did st paul say all authorities were appointed ?
why was abc forced to sell its interests in international networks in the 70s ?
what are chromoplasts ?
what was produced at tesla 's company ?
what was the plos pathogens paper about ?
what stature did pharmacists have in the pre-heian imperial court ?
what does the ciliary rosettes do to decease bulk and increase density ?
when did syria and egypt launch a surprise attack on israel ?
what follows secondary education ?
what is the glacial alpine valley known as ?
what team lost super bowl xxxiii ?
how many of the schools in newcastle are independent ?
how many private schools existed in new zealand in april 2014 ?
what is the metric they use to determine how busy airports are ?
stretched rocks that pinch into lenses are known by what word ?
who married the wedding couple ?
which nation contains the majority of the amazon forest ?
what did the greek root pharmakos imply ?
large public works , dams , bridges , highways , water/wastewater and utility distribution are under what construction sector ?
what rift system developed in the alpine orogeny ?
which uses of sculpture are represented in the collection ?
what was the first problem astronauts encountered during the plugs-out test ?
what two artists came out with coldplay during the half-time show ?
what was invented by savery ?
what is sometimes but not always counted regarding durinskia 's chloroplast membranes ?
what is jacksonville 's hottest recorded temperature ?
abc purchased which of edgar scherick 's company ?
what weapon does spike milligan use against a dalek ?
what is an etioplast ?
what does the phrase " taking coals to newcastle " mean ?
what other projectiles did tesla compare the electric particles to ?
which series were featured on the first doctor who soundtrack ?
at this time where was luther 's focus centered ?
where did maududi exert the most impact ?
in considering turing machines and alternate variables , what measurement left unaffected by conversion between machine models ?
what is the highest level of the umc ?
how many seats does victoria have in the australian house of representatives ?
in u.s. states , what happens to the life expectancy in less economically equal ones ?
which proctor and gamble produced soap opera did abc air ?
where do many merchants and explorers go ?
how and when did the first variant of y. pestis enter europe ?
what is the name of the commuter rail system ?
who lead the 1968 special programming for abc radio 's fm stations ?
the adaptive immune system must distinguish between what types of molecules ?
where does the rhine begin ?
what would income differentials be if individual contributions were relevant to the social product ?
what do petrologists use electron microprobes in the laboratory for ?
along with non-governmental and nonstate schools , what is another name for private schools ?
where do ipcc reports get their information ?
how much has global mean surface air temperature changed in the last century ?
how far did the sea level drop in the ice ages ?
who thought that applied force caused movement of an object regardless of non-zero velocity ?
what is the name of the french colony established in 1564 ?
how much did san francisco get for providing services for the super bowl ?
what was the name of the upgraded saturn i called ?
how many grade one listed railway stations are in the uk ?
what does the thylakoid membrane use the energized electrons for ?
where did tesla run to avoid the army draft ?
who explored ohio territory in 1750 ?
how old was tesla when he became a citizen of the us ?
how was the ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov ?
what does the acronym lem stand for ?
what comedian is also a university graduate ?
where was the archangel michael shrine located ?
the southern part of the amazon forest was mainly impacted by drought in what year ?
what secret did he sever family ties to keep hidden ?
how do structural geologists observe the fabric within the rocks ?
what kind of weapon did tesla talk about ?
when did abc begin airing dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve ?
what country did the normans invade in 1169 ?
what is the scenario called in which we do n't change our greenhouse gas creation practices ?
which cidippid is used as a description on ctenophores in most textbooks ?
how many seasons did the original doctor who run ?
the costiff collection comprised costumes designed by which british fashion icon ?
when did landau propose his four conjectural problems ?
what town was actually granted to the huguenots on arrival ?
what do clinical pharmacists specialize in ?
who went to fort dusquesne in june 1755 ?
besides public key cryptography , what is another application for prime numbers ?
what encouraged trade under the yuan ?
who was the head of the company ?
what kind of images of luther were used to advertise protestantism ?
what was the result of the 2007 election ?
what measurement do scientists used to determine the quality of water ?
what is different about paulinella chromatophora ?
what did nsfnet eventually provide
who did newton get a pass to in the panther starting plays of super bowl 50 ?
what was later discovered written by luther ?
what is the largest independent library outside of london ?
who was chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations ?
who produced the comedy-drama the love boat ?
how long has the african great lakes region been inhabited ?
genghis khan was in the process of taking what capital city when he died ?
who was the super bowl 50 mvp ?
in lands attributed to what tribe are found remains of large settlements ?
who handled the play-by-play for wbt ?
what year did doctor who first show on tv ?
the rhine flowed through swabia , franconia and what other location in the 10th century ?
what language is spoken in kenya ?
what will have a direct impact of inequality in a system that uses a progressive tax ?
by when did most of france 's colonies gain independence ?
how many sites did the nfl narrow down super bowl 50 's location to ?
what do closed rivers serve as after they close ?
how many provinces did the ottoman empire contain in the 17th century ?
what drives down wages in a job with many workers willing to work a lot ?
which country is not badly hit by the embargo ?
who got a touchdown making the score 10-7 ?
what is the average plant biosmass ?
when was liquid oxygen developed for commercial use ?
what is the name of the co-ed community service fraternity ?
what is 565 °c the creep limit of ?
who is the commissioner of the nfl ?
what did jamukha request from temüjin instead of friendship ?
what do pyrenoids look like ?
what river runs alongside jacksonville ?
when was vetting introduced ?
what is the cjeu 's duty ?
what platform was sentanta sports planning on launching on ?
to reduce the chances of combustion ___ is required for safely handeling pure o .
what is a recent civil disobedience done in a group form ?
how many plant species are estimated to be in the amazon region ?
from whence did luther want to expel the jews ?
immunological memory can take what two forms ?
what position did tesla hold in the american institute of electrical engineers ?
when was tesla electric company formed ?
which senator was a strong advocate for the pico act ?
what other city has hosted the super bowl ten times ?
why are researchers struggling to identify the history of the plague ?
what is the oldest surviving european tapestry in the v & a collection ?
who did jamukha support that were not part of temüjin 's power base ?
when did british government give land for development of ohio country ?
what was the occupation of joseph priestley ?
in what year did bankamericard change its name ?
by what name were the " supposedly reformed " known ?
how many large public parks does fresno have ?
what type of arts flourished in the yuan ?
what was newton 's quarterback rating for 2015 ?
how old was newton during super bowl 50 ?
what did robert koch prove was the cause of infectious disease ?
who had the best record in the nfc ?
why are debates on proposed motions by an msp conducted ?
what type of combustible materials were considered to have little philogiston ?
what mathematician was also apart of the university 's faculty ?
how many forced fumbles did von miller have during the super bowl 50 game ?
when did the last glacial end ?
what did microsoft announce that it would rename sky drive to ?
where did scientists find their y. pestis sample ?
what kind of network was abc when it first began ?
what river is near genghis khan 's likely place of burial ?
what do the strains of y. pestis suggest abut the plague ?
how much was nasa 's procured spending on the apollo project estimated to be at in 2005 after inflation ?
what did tesla 's father promise him while he were bedridden ?
how large are the outer pd ring 's filaments ?
what happened to the ground water in the rhine during the rhine straightening program ?
what objects in organisms absorb singlet oxygen to prevent harm ?
who would generally teach from a work like the quran , torah or bible ?
where can a tribute to the fall of warsaw be found ?
what did kublai do to prevent famines ?
according to certain geographical theories what type of human does a tropical climate produce ?
when did embankment of the major rhine distributaries take palce ?
what is the delta in the rhine delimited in the west by ?
what can sympathetic jurors in cases with civil disobedients ?
the movements of the lobates combs are controlled by what ?
what is the estimated death toll for polish civilians ?
what is the scottish parliament currently in the fourth of ?
who chartered the british east india company ?
an adobe that provides less utility to one person than another is an example of reduced what ?
what appears to be used exclusively in newcastle and surrounding areas ?
what city later became beijing ?
how much oxygen is found is a liter of fresh water under normal conditions ?
what is beta carotene ?
how many turnovers did the panthers force during the nfc championship game ?
what percentage of oxygen will a zeolite sieve produce ?
the rhine redistributes into the ijssel and what other body ?
what does the beroida have instead of feeding appendages ?
for what purpose do organisms make peroxide and superoxide ?
how many tons of dust remains in the air ?
where did the chinese nationalists move the mausoleum away from advancing chinese communist forces ?
where did tesla work in 1888 ?
who allegedly coined the name black death ?
name the other way that the plowshares organization temporarily closed ?
where did water on the eastern side of the amazon basin travel after the split ?
where does a canonball dropped from the crow 's nest of a ship actually land ?
who would begter have married when he came of age ?
communication complexity is an example of what type of measure ?
from where was the muslim historical figure attar , whose murder by the mongols was long remembered ?
what does the un want to stabilize ?
where was friedrich ratzel born ?
which coastline does southern california touch ?
what list was warsaw 's old town inscribed onto in 1980 ?
what was the idealized value of imperialism ?
what plants create most electric power ?
what animation company worked on some of the reign of terror episodes ?
who designed the garden for the university library ?
what are the secretions commonly called ?
what scripture did luther use to back up his opinion that churchmen were not infallible ?
what is a term that means constant temperature ?
in what city is the nikola tesla museum ?
when was the umc founded ?
what is the smalled work force sector ?
which tv network broadcasted super bowl 50 in spanish ?
what shakespeare scholar is currently on the university 's faculty ?
what type of materials inside the cabin were removed to help prevent more fire hazards in the future ?
what did genghis khan expect from his generals alongside the autonomy he granted them ?
what are chloroplasts in mesophyll cells specialized for ?
who was the leader of the islamist regime in sudan ?
who were the astronauts aboard the apollo 11 mission ?
since nasa did n't know how many attempts each test would end up requiring , what did they use instead of numbers for the trials ?
what third type of plea uses creative words ?
in what country was the doctor who film not successful enough to spawn a series ?
who led the third division in khwarezmia alongside genghis khan himself ?
what is the seldom used force unit equal to one thousand newtons ?
according to the humoral theory of immunity , what were the bodies immune agents ?
what is a main advantage of the rankine cycle ?
who was responsible for the decorations of the centre refreshment room ?
other than universal and warner brothers , what other company runs a major record company ?
what has been getting much better in the most recent years ?
what is involved in a review of prescribed medications ?
who would decide on the curricula that is consistent and standard ?
name a larger car that toyota came up with as buyers lamented the small sized compacts ?
the earliest items in the jewelry collection come from which ancient civilization ?
how many people could the mercury capsule hold ?
what may be named after a biblical figure ?
what does many workers willing to work for a lot of time competing for a job that only requires a few workers result in ?
who was the creator of nypd blue ?
what does it mean when currencies are left to " float ? "
peyton manning took how many different teams to the super bowl ?
what was free movement increasingly based on ?
to where is most of the abalone and lobster caught in victorian waters shipped ?
when did the earliest examples of civil disobedience as a whole occur ?
who discovered that magnetic and electric could self-generate ?
how many astronauts visited space on missions and were rewarded for their efforts ?
who covered the halftime coverage ?
what color were the footballs handed out to a variety of high schools , leading up to super bowl 50 ?
what year did the the saints hit a 13-0 record ?
uchicago claims to have what kind of learning experience compared to other universities ?
what actually causes rigidity in matter ?
what does the sea monster with a female upper body hold in its claws ?
when did ronald robinson die ?
members of which organizations are disqualified from sitting in the sp as elected msps ?
where were the lambing flat riots ?
what did dfds cite as the reasons it terminated operations ?
secular arab nationalism was blamed for both the defeat of arab troops as well as what type of stagnation ?
in what type of ring can prime ideals be used for validating quadratic reciprocity ?
which seasons is the bbc missing a total of 79 episodes ?
when did mongke khan die ?
what industry did the nobleman establish with this settlement ?
what allows the adaptive immune system to react faster and more strongly each subsequent time a pathogen is encountered ?
approximately how many works of art are included in the far eastern collections ?
how many catholic schools were in victoria ?
what can the ipcc 's report deadlines cause to be omitted ?
what was the time on the clock when carolina got the ball to their 24-yard line in the fourth quarter ?
what holiday coincided with the first showing of series two ?
people of what nationality invented the steam turbine ?
what is the edcuation system currently ?
what advise did thoreau give the tax collector when unable to perform his duty ?
what is the yuan dynasty 's official name ?
when year was the maastrich treaty signed ?
how much has a lama agreed to be reborn ?
what covered the new field at levi 's stadium ?
what was the purpose of the turks in luther 's mind ?
what production company produced the animated series the flintstones for abc ?
how many people , at most , have died of plague in baghdad ?
what were features of apple talk
what does the nederrijn change it 's name to ?
how long is the upper rhine plain ?
what was incorporated to help slow the cm 's decent back to earth ?
how many seats must a political party have to be represented on the parliamentary bureau ?
what kind of needlework was used in the creation of the bayeux tapestry ?
what was the programming philosophy pioneered by abc and goldenson ?
what has recently undergone extensive restoration ?
what color was featured in promotions related to super bowl 50 ?
when was the soulages collection acquired ?
what building materials were used to build the main façade ?
what do electrostatic gradiient potentials create ?
how long would this coalition last ?
on what theorem is the formula that frequently generates the number 2 and all other primes precisely once based on ?
which running back did the panthers waive ?
plate tectonics can be seen as the intimate coupling between rigid plates on the surface of the earth and what ?
how are victorian cabinet members chosen ?
what was norman cantor 's theory about the plague ?
how many tackles did von miller accomlish by himself in the game ?
who called for an agency to be created to be solely focused at undermining the islamism ideology ?
when did the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta begin ?
how many days does the council have to override the mayor 's veto ?
thoreau argues that usually majority rules but their views collectively are sometimes ?
what church is located at the corner of 4th and new streets in philadelphia ?
when did tesla claim to have built the weapon ?
because of certain statements what was the believed state of his religious views ?
when did genghis khan become great khan ?
which dynasties ' histories were officially documented during toghun 's reign ?
what is a protein that is closely intertwined with circadian rhythms ?
how did their lawyer suggest they would plea ?
what type of creature is usually doctor who 's companion ?
what is another term for rotors ?
what type of commutative ring does the lasker–noether theorem express every ideal as an intersection of primary ideals in ?
what are some chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts missing ?
what did all three cathedrals in newcastle begin their existence as ?
the urban renewal project was intended to help the residents of what neighborhood ?
how many types of x.25 networks were there originally
what is the most controversial aspect of imperialism ?
when did martin luther die ?
why are people who distribute leaflets inside courthouses not been arrested ?
what was redesigned to allow better maneuverability in the lrv ?
what was warsaw the most diverse of in poland ?
which musical group did the v & a present in july 1973 as part of its youth outreach programme ?
what is wasted by rubisco 's flaw ?
most aspects of transport safety is a subject dealt with by whom ?
when there are many workers competing for a few jobs its considered as what ?
on what day does the super bowl media day traditionally take place ?
what was the other finalist besides levi 's stadium ?
what percentage of electricity was made by steam turbine in the 1990s ?
what denver player caused two fumbles for the panthers ?
when were images being used to promote the spread of lutheranism ?
what kind of deprivation results in diminished immune response and lower antibody production ?
when were the shortcomings of aristotle 's physics overcome ?
what rate of unionization do scandinavian nations have ?
how did morgan react to the request ?
what are ctenophora commonly known as ?
how is circuit switching charecterized
what was the name of the set top box manufacturer that bskyb was having issues with ?
how many victorians are catholic ?
what happens when starch grains become overly large ?
what program helped develop space travel techniques that project apollo used ?
what impact does workers working harder have on productivity of a business ?
at what degree are the pistons of a two-cylinder compound connected to the cranks ?
what is the example of another problem characterized by large instances that is routinely solved by sat handlers employing efficient algorithms ?
where did jebe 's forces first defeat kuchlug ?
a teacher must be a member in good standing with what entity in many situations ?
what does the sieve of eratosthenes do ?
what cycle starts with rubisco ?
the development of terra preta allowed for what to happen in the amazon forest ?
in what year was the school renamed as harvard college ?
in which year did the royal college of art gained full independence from the v & a ?
what part of the umc calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment ?
what was the trend of female student population from 1970s and deyond ?
what radio station is located at 103.5fm on the dial in denver ?
who was the karluk kara-khanid ruler ranked above ?
what is an example of a problem that rests within the np complexity class ?
what does the beroe eat ?
how did turabi build a strong economic base ?
what did temüjin offer jamukha after the latter 's defeat ?
who was the broadcaster for super bowl 50 in the united states ?
when did luther travel to mansfeld twice ?
who fumbled the ball on 3rd-and-9 ?
what is resposible for speeding up or slowing down an object ?
in the 10th week of the 2015 season , what injury was peyton manning dealing with ?
what is preserved in a closed system of forces when acted upon ?
what does being an msp share with the house of commons ?
classifying the stages of what is important to mapping aspects of the amazon ?
what was believed to be the cause of devastation to the civilization ?
what is the effect of testosterone on the male immune system ?
what plants do n't need light to make chloroplasts ?
where did british settlers live ?
who started rumors in 2008 that abc would sell its ten owned-and-operated stations ?
how often must local lay servant reapply ?
when was a patent-sharing agreement signed between westinghouse electric and general electric ?
what type/genre of tv show is doctor who ?
what are the attacks on teachers causing ?
what did nasa record over the older archived tapes ?
who recorded a version of the doctor who theme with spoken lyrics in the 1970 's ?
under normal conditions , t cells and antibodies produce what kind of peptides ?
what german general and fighter pilot was of huguenot ancestry ?
in what area of the united states did tesla move to ?
are there any regions where the treaty of european union excludes from jurisdiction ?
what is the name of the chairman of the board of trustees ?
was this footage compatible or incompatible with live broadcast tv formats ?
when did martin luther publish his translation of the new testament ?
what have the treaties sought to enable since its foundation ?
when did tesla go to tomingaj ?
at which level of education is this sport becoming more popular ?
what did tesla first receive after starting his company ?
what company paid for a super bowl 50 ad to show a trailer of x-men : apocalypse ?
what did luther decide about the catholic church ?
where did luther say that the soul does n't sleep , but rather has visions ?
what was the name of the first building built on campus grounds ?
when was the britain can make it exhibition held ?
who knocked the ball out of manning 's hands on the next play ?
who was the first chair of the ipcc ?
which state route has been in discussion to upgrade to interstate standards ?
which tfeu article defines the ordinary legislative procedure that applies for majority of eu acts ?
what ethnicity was shi tianze ?
what is the main judicial body of the eu ?
what is the number of plant species in economics and social interest ?
different committees have what set out in different ways ?
what did pegasus satellites measure to propose the safety of the environment in space and on the moon ?
what were the first two stations to carry abc 's programming ?
which empire was the last one genghis khan conquered before he died ?
who was the mayor of san francisco during super bowl 50 ?
which theorem can be simplified to the lasker–noether theorem ?
what is the increased rates of self-employment based on ?
when did president uhuru kenyatta sign a security law amendment bill ?
after the capital cities - abc merger , frederick pierce was named to what position ?
when was the decision made to replace the nova rockets with the saturn v ?
who are committees comprised of ?
what is the rankine cycle sometimes called ?
who decides who gets to speak in the chamber debates ?
what government department did buyantu shut down ?
what date was super bowl opening night held ?
the immune system also produces what molecules in order to allow for tumor destruction by the complement system ?
what school was walter camp a captain for the football team ?
what is the most elemental way to test the primality of any integer n ?
what would a parent have to pay to send their child to a boarding school in 2012 ?
what is set up to scrutinize private bills submitted by party outsiders ?
who returned a punt for 61 yards , setting a new super bowl record ?
how many native american people resided in fresno in 2010 ?
what is the name of the service that gets local businesses contract chances with the super bowl ?
which country was worried that the us would invade the middle east ?
what did the moscone center host ?
what are stators attached to ?
how large was the audience bskyb said they could reach ?
what did a greedy merchant do to the mermaid ?
how much can the sp alter income tax in scotland ?
what were chao made out of ?
how many launch pads were originally planned ?
what kind of buildings are in the towns of close , sandhill and quayside ?
matter particles are shown as what kind of lines in a feynman diagram ?
how are forces classified with regard to push and pull strengt ?
what was the last super bowl the broncos participated in ?
rock units become thicker and shorten when placed under this type of compression .
what instrument is used to examine steam engine performance ?
what is said to be the largest travelling funfair in europe ?
how were most city officials elected in the 1960s ?
who did the sign language of the national anthem at super bowl 50 ?
how many first downs did the panthers have in super bowl 50 ?
what new tasks do the protein products of transferred genes take on ?
in what theoretical machine is it confirmed that a problem in p belies membership in the np class ?
what do the membership of the committees reflect ?
what lands were reserved for natives ?
from whom did genghis khan learn seige warfare ?
what happens to the working fluid in a closed loop system ?
which arts were often practiced together by the same artists ?
packet switching contrast with what other principal
what is the colloquial phrase used to convey the continuum of algorithms with unlimited availability irrespective of time ?
what is a new trend in teaching ?
what will maidens be able to predict by floating their wreaths down the vistula ?
what is another name for teaching within the family ?
the door on the block ii design was eventually replaced with what kind of model ?
who came up with the theory of relativity ?
what does chloroplastidan mean ?
in what month and year did the apollo 11 mission occur ?
where did the highwaymen take luther ?
what type of saturn was originally going to be used for apollo 8 ?
what kind of t cells have the purpose of modulating the immune response ?
what strategy did jebe 's army use against kuchlug and his supporters ?
which tefu article states that no quantitative restrictions can be placed on trade ?
what concept did philosophers in antiquity use to study simple machines ?
what register did chris keates think that some teachers should not be placed on ?
which engineer made the induction motor more efficient ?
what language does " hoy " originate from ?
which area of china did japan conquer in 1931 ?
who published the state of the planet 2008-2009 report ?
who designed abc 's 1998 new graphic design ?
how was temüjin kept imprisoned by the tayichi'ud ?
in the rankine cycle , what does water turn into when heated ?
what increased in the rhine because of the land clearance in the upland areas ?
what is a derogatory term for the christian academies that arose in the wake of school desegregation ?
who coached each super bowl 50 participant in their most recent super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 ?
how many saturn v rockets were produced by nasa during the apollo project ?
which leading english tapestry workshop in the late 17th century and early 18th century is represented in the v & a collection ?
what was the image of luther a contrast to the life of ?
who is the nfl 's vice president of brand and creative ?
milutin tesla died at what age ?
when was time warner cable forced to restore abc stations to affected markets ?
ludwig krapf recorded the name was what ?
in what year did newcomen 's engine pump in a mine ?
what is the position of the satellite that allowed sky to broadcast channels almost elclusively for the united kingdom ?
how did von lettow conduct his group ?
who is viewed as the first modern geologist ?
how much higher was the 42 % occupation stress figure , compared to other jobs ?
what planet do the daleks come from ?
who demonstrated the egg of columbus ?
where is kenya place on the scale in 2012 ?
in what year did tesla go to budapest ?
when was the parental leave directive created ?
what did luther consider christ 's life ?
how much percentage of victoria 's land is taken up by farms ?
what type of authority are ambulatory care pharmacists given in the u.s. federal health care system ?
how many abc music stations were owned-and-operated in 1968 ?
supplies from jacksonville were in support of which faction in the civil war ?
taking evidence from witnesses is one of committees ' what ?
what was marin 's orders ?
vice president agnew describes civil disobedience in what activities ?
what is the name of the process which confirms the primality of a number n ?
what must a project adhere to ?
french troops put down the camisard uprisings between what years ?
in dioxygen how are the two oxygen atoms bonded together ?
what often affects or facilitates ease of analysis in computational problems ?
how much money is being spent on other super bowl-related events ?
what pope as a native of poland ?
what is another possible explanation for the source of the signals ?
which treaty provides that the european union law be applied to metropolitan territories of member states ?
what shows were released on laserdisc ?
how far did the second block , as-202 , travel downrange in km ?
how many affiliates does sinclair broadcast group service or own ?
what did the conflict galvanize muslims around the world to do ?
in what year was the corliss engine patented ?
what is the enrollment of undergraduates at harvard ?
what rainforest covers the majority of the amazon basin in south america ?
who did dinwiddie order to address french in virginia territory ?
what network showed a doctor who film ?
when did paul rand 's iconic abc logo first debut ?
how many miners died in the typhoid outbreak of 1854 ?
when did the rhine straightening program begin ?
where did turabi place students sympathetic to his views ?
what led to the production of tea paraphernalia such as china and caddies during the georgian period ?
what two denver players ranked at 5 percent for sacks ?
newborns are vulnerable to infection because they have no previous exposure to what ?
in which case did the court state that austria was not allowed to hold places in austrian schools exclusively for austrian students ?
what radio station in south carolina carried the super bowl 50 game ?
how did luther 's tutors advise him to test what he learned ?
what kind of destruction did the 1994 earthquake cause the most of in us history ?
in what state were the original launching facilities for missions ?
what are the weakly filled higher orbitals of oxygen ?
what do some modern historians claim genghis khan sought to add his legal code at the end of his reign ?
in what sort of places are dry cooling towers used ?
what supplanted frame relay and x.25
who is currently speaker of the scottish parliament ?
what was temüjin ' sister 's name ?
what event would necessitate airline passengers to need a supplemental supply of oxygen ?
what was the u.s. information agency charged with doing during the cold war ?
when did pope leo x excommunicate luther ?
who handled the play-by-play for the denver radio stations ?
when could a teacher act in the role of a parent ?
who continued to hold the citadel of bukhara after the mongols took the rest of the city ?
where did he begin teaching ?
in which year did benjamin lamme achieve success making the motor more efficient ?
what are the three largest urban areas in kenya ?
what does the name the rhine come from ?
who designed the new medieval and renaissance galleries which opened in 2009 ?
bassett focuses on what to illustrate his idea ?
what is the steam engine 's thermodynamic basis ?
fielding h. garrison believes that the science of geology can be traced to where ?
after rejecting compulsory confession , what did luther call for ?
how much did the statement predict global surface temperature would increase by 2100 ?
what title did newcastle native basil hume achieve ?
who did luther strike out against in later years ?
what is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members ?
what is expected with the continuous input of sediment into the dornbirner ach ?
when did subutai 's army return to mongolia ?
what was the name of the doctor who play from the 1980 's ?
who did the bbc work with to reconstruct some of the invasion episodes ?
which type of law makes eu institutions and its member states follow the law ?
where did support from governmental and religious groups come from ?
what year was the conflict with the song dynasty concluded ?
what is a twin prime ?
approximately how many items comprise the jewelry collection of the v & a ?
who attempted to arrange a compromise ?
when do the stated treaties apply ?
what other activities does the unfccc require the ipcc to run ?
how many acl injuries has thomas davis had during his career ?
when will roman numerals be used again to denote the super bowl number ?
how could human inequality be addressed without resulting in an increase of environmental damage ?
what famous conductor went to harvard ?
what are the tentacles of cydipped ctenophores are usually fringed with ?
what 's the climate like in newcastle ?
what type of number generators make use of prime numbers ?
what year did bskyb and microsoft announce their settlement ?
what is the expression used to identify any given series of problems capable of being solved within time on a deterministic turing machine ?
which actor was a replacement for doctor who due to the illness of the main actor ?
trial division involves dividing n by every integer m greater than what ?
what is an example of a rotary engine without pistons ?
to force japan to be more involved in the crisis , what did saudi and kuwaiti government do ?
when the law is a direct target of the protest , what is this called ?
when can oxygen gas produce a toxic condition ?
who is the commissioner of the national football league ?
what is dramatic gesturing an example of ?
what city north of new york was settled by huguenots ?
how did luther say that reason contributes to faith ?
what percentage of australia 's dairy cattle are found in victoria ?
how many uk viewers watched the doctor who film ?
what will the prime minister have power over ?
what kind of water body is rumored to be obscuring genghis khan 's burial site ?
what type of topological systems are found in numbers in victoria ?
what type of numeral did the latest super bowl use to designate the game number ?
why did berlin huguenots switch to german from french in their services ?
what caused the dynamos to be burnt out ?
who found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had any sense of responsibility ?
which part of the v & a collection did the salting bequest enhanced ?
what was the population of the dutch republic before this emigration ?
what type of government investigations apply to civil disobedience ?
what type of organization would need large quantities of pure oxygen ?
the umc understands itself to be part of what church ?
how much rain per year does fresno get on average ?
what do etioplasts have instead of chlorophyll ?
where was victoria first set to be located in australia ?
prior to super bowl 50 , when were the carolina panthers last there ?
when was the fcc 's sixth report and order released ?
what innovation in mongolian language is credited to genghis khan ?
british commentators include , darren fletcher , rocky boiman and who else ?
the inside of a ctenophore is lined with what ?
how many residents of seville died of plague in 1649 ?
which late night comedy host show played immediately after super bowl 50 ended ?
what was happening to subscriber numbers in other areas of europe ?
what characteristic of oxygen causes it to form bonds with other elements ?
how long did the fighting last in seven years war ?
who was in charge of the papal army in the war of barbastro ?
what types of european groups were able to avoid the plague ?
when was the office of western medicine founded ?
what was the first point of the reformation ?
why did he fire the secretary ?
when did the meuse and waal merge ?
when were the negotiations finished in mansfeld ?
what is issued once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed ?
if a matter is not specifically reserved , who is it devolved to ?
what do forces have with regard to additive quantities ?
what type of engines became widespread around the end of the 19th century ?
what helped support the command module with a propulsion engine and propellants ?
in which year was reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of gems was bequeathed to the museum ?
what has become the secret to economic growth ?
which people brought forward one of the earliest examples of civil disobedience ?
in which year did john sheepshanks donated a large collection of paintings ?
who was the university 's 5th president ?
what does mnemiopsis eat ?
what position at abc did thomas murphy stay on for after stepping down as president ?
when did the pope warned luther of excommunication ?
who was the founder of cbs ?
for whom was this new mass intended ?
which region is represented the most in the textiles collection ?
what happened as a result of the russo-japanese war ?
in which year did the v & a received the talbot hughes collection ?
what did tesla tell brisbane he did n't believe in ?
how long does the main façade stretch along cromwell gardens ?
what did lepidodinium viride replace their original chloroplast with ?
how long was he bedridden with cholera ?
when was ambulatory care pharmacy approved as its own certification ?
what amount of bird species on earth are found in the amazon rainforest ?
what was the population density in 2000 ?
infrastructure is often called what ?
what kind of programs did nbc red test ?
who was boleslaw ii of masovia ?
which theory states that slow geological processes are still occurring today , and have occurred throughout earth 's history ?
when were the wars of religion fought ?
where did maududi exert the most impact ?
what remain unsolved problems with the kyoto protocol ?
all italian chocolate is made from what alone ?
what title do both doctor who and the master share ?
what goods were sold in a pharma ?
who claimed that the name black death first appeared in 1631 ?
what is victoria 's largest non-christian religion ?
what is income inequality attributed to ?
what did higher material living standards lead to for most of human history ?
what has the united nations designed isil ?
what do some believe about this pronunciation ?
when did polonia warsaw win the country 's championship prior to 2000 ?
what extinction event might have created some conditions allowing the expansion of the amazon rainforest ?
who performed a benefit concert for the charity children in need ?
under which directive did the eu harmonize restrictions on restrictions on marketing and advertising ?
which famous dutch artist who painted the night watch is represented in the drawings collection of the v & a ?
for which show did billie piper tape an introduction ?
the use of gas lighting made what possible the year after the museum officially opened ?
who did he fire ?
what was the chinese name for the central secretariat ?
when were the public housing developments built in the neighborhood ?
who were the westwood one sideline announcers ?
what is the latin name for black death ?
what was the song dynasty 's capital ?
what had bhutto planned on banning within six months , before he was overthrown ?
how many total yards did denver gain ?
in what year did tesla go to colorado springs ?
what are the three most abundent elements of the universe by mass ?
what logo is used for all merchandise that features past doctors ?
in what geographical portion of wales is abercynon located ?
how many prime numbers exist ?
what does the acronym fis stand for ?
the mark of anarchy was written to protest against what ?
how many times did newcastle fight off the scots during the 14th century ?
what has the infrastructure done a lot of over the past years ?
what brought warsaw 's stock exchange to a stop ?
when was the drainage basin of the amazon believed to have split in the middle of south america ?
what year did tesla enroll at an engineering school ?
this causes the rock unit as a whole to become longer and thinner .
what topic do private bills typically have ?
what is the famous rock called that the rhine flows around ?
what religion did henry renounce upon ascending the throne ?
what does the sector known as jua kali engage in ?
when was the ottoman caliphate abolished ?
after the merger between abc and capital cities , who became the vice president of abc broadcasting ?
how many residents does the greater metropolitan area have ?
what was suggested at the symposium in 1967
what type of medal did nasa give the astronauts who visited space and the moon ?
what is one avenue being compensated for by having committees serve such a large role ?
what movement did the fair held in june have its origins in ?
when did western forces invade iraq ?
the adaptive immune system recognizes non-self antigens during a process called what ?
what was the average cost for a 30 second commercial during super bowl 50 ?
since luther believed that the turks were sent by god , what was their purpose ?
the aim of the french competition law was to do what ?
who did mueller recruit to be a manager for nasa projects on a loaned situation ?
gateways allowed private companies to do what
what right do private schools have that public schools do n't ?
cristian bay 's encyclopedia concludes that civil disobedience does not only include what behavior ?
what year did the university open a center in hong kong ?
how many total touchdowns did cam newton score ?
where do transport vesicles move between ?
what protein does staphylococcus aureus produce to make antibodies ineffective ?
a dollar spent by a poor person is likely to provide what for them ?
how many yards did newton throw for in 2015 ?
what is the name of the two-tentacled cydippid that feedsentirely on salps called ?
what company did eisner become president of when he left abc in 1976 ?
what is the bad air theory officially known as ?
what author argues pitching the conscience versus the collective ?
on what day was super bowl opening night held ?
in the range between 1980 and 1990 , what did demand for grow ?
who was warsz ?
what did luther call his stay a wartburg castle ?
when was the single european act made ?
what is unique about a hermaphrodite ?
how was the fate of luther decided ?
who sets the agenda for the eu 's work ?
when does rain typically fall in jacksonville ?
who backed policies that have solutions that sound good but have poor prospects ?
what may a force on one part of an object affect ?
where did the first huguenot colonists settle ?
which ipcc author criticized the tar ?
in what meeting did shirley lay out plans for 1756 ?
where have herbivorous fishes been seen feeding on gelatinous zooplankton ?
how do academic results in former model c schools compare to other schools ?
what organization 's teaching did luther reject ?
what football program was debuted by abc in 1970 ?
what is the name of the winter festival held in january that is based on fitness ?
what type of antenna was used for communication on the lunar flights ?
of what form are rational primes ?
where did it join in the direction of its flow ?
how old are the fossils found that represent ctenophhores ?
what reconstructions supported the 1999 paper 's information ?
what entity deals with eu staff issues ?
where does the pattern of higher income-longer lives still hold true ?
what is another name for any given measure of input associated with a problem ?
what else was publically questioned ?
what was luther 's force within the reformation ?
what is the most critical resource measured to in assessing the determination of a turing machine 's ability to solve any given set of problems ?
warner center is located in which area ?
what is another type of accountant other than a cpa ?
what religion did the yuan discourage , to support buddhism ?
who won the nobel prize in 1905 ?
what are chares ?
what does a teacher teach in primary school ?
who played the first incarnation of the doctor in the special ?
which team was suspended from the mls ?
where did the earliest item in the v & a glass collection come from ?
what type of item is the mostly likely to show in the v & a computer system ?
despite the presburger problem , and in view of intractability , what has been done to establish solutions in reasonable periods of time ?
when did the untouchables debut on abc ?
when had the six ministries existed ?
what is the second busiest airport in the united states ?
when did people once again start to show an interest in tesla ?
how many nations are within the amazon basin ?
how many of the episodes produced in the first six seasons are not in bbc 's archives ?
political advantage is an attribute of which state policies ?
what index is an indicator of the effects of taxes applied to social spending ?
during what time did the rainforest spanned a narrow band ?
who was the broncos ' leading rusher for the 2015 season ?
what individuals were responsible for authoring " on the computational complexity of algorithms " ?
what is the main gap to continued urbanization ?
which outbreak was associated with troops in the thirty years war ?
what is considered the centerpiece of the jameel gallery of islamic art ?
brownlee argues that sometimes people behave in what way to have their issue heard ?
what company took over edison machine works ?
what is the largest suspension bridge in germany ?
what trade was the city an important center of in the 14th century ?
what philadelphia institution did tesla give a demonstration to ?
what was the english title of polo 's book ?
during which eon did free oxygen begin appearing in quantity ?
when did tugh temur die ?
what television specials did abc acquire the rights to in 2000 ?
the umc was a founding member of what coalition ?
what types of teachers are retiring the most ?
what tactic did researchers employ to offset the former deficit of work surrounding the complexity of algorithmic problems ?
other than warships , what ships typically required high speeds ?
sir paul pindar 's house survived which 17th century disaster ?
when did disney-abc television group implement restrictions on hulu and watch abc to encourage live viewing ?
what country did abc expand in to in the mid-1960s ?
what culture did the normans combine with in ireland ?
what did charles parsons invent ?
what have some inverted repeats become ?
some chinese considered the yuan a legitimate dynasty , but what did other chinese think it was ?
how long is the term of a judicial council member ?
what spot does doctor who hold in the 100 greatest british tv programs of the 20th century ?
why did temüjin kill those of jamukha 's followers that had betrayed their leader ?
what certificate is often earned after graduating high school ?
where is another indoor location for a teacher other than a school ?
when did marconi transmit similar signals to those tesla received ?
how did tesla lose his tuition money ?
how much money did dillon , read & co offer mark woods for nbc blue ?
what is a kind of defense response that makes the entire plant resistant to a particular agent ?
how large are granal thylakoids ?
what was shrewsbury 's conclusion ?
when did germanic tribes cross the rhine to migrate ?
how far from state house in downtown boston is harvard yard ?
what might starch grains be a side effect of ?
who called their system the " tesla polyphase system " ?
what were the conditions for miners in the gold fields in victoria ?
what is the bond order of dioxygen molecules ?
in what year was henry ware elected to chair ?
in what years did doctor who originally show on tv ?
how is the prime number p in bertrand 's postulate expressed mathematically ?
what abc action series went up against nbc 's variety shows in fall 1957 ?
where did luther spend his career ?
what is one of the largest music schools in europe ?
how long did western europe control cyprus ?
when did these rebellions take place ?
what is the average width of the rhine ?
how much gun powder was destroyed in attack ?
who has criticized ordering from online pharmacies that do n't require prescriptions ?
whose theory was the theory of continental drift ?
how long has free movement and trade been central to european development ?
what is the nickname for the delta in the netherlands ?
what is the population of the greater los angeles area ?
how many of jacksonville 's city residents are younger than 18 ?
who exclusively broadcast the game in spanish after reaching an agreement with the nfl and cbs ?
from what french king did the huguenot name possibly descend ?
who was the first person in space ?
who is welsh medium education available to ?
where was the measurment for the standard gravity on earth taken ?
when was the rhine crisis ?
what conviction did many poles have regarding how the varsovians thought of themselves ?
approximately how many gems in reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection was given to the museum ?
what alumni wrote " the good war " ?
what year did tesla avade the draft ?
what were british plans against french ?
what queen opened the first covered railway station in the world ?
what was used by the west to justify control over eastern territories ?
in what field were double and triple expansion engines common ?
what are public schools in victoria ?
where was the baptismal hymn used to introduce the reformation ?
what are the little tentacles that cydippids have called ?
on what date did the nfl announce that coldplay would headline the halftime show ?
what does the minister who was the catalyst of the members business do by speaking after everyone else ?
on which date was genghis khan 's palace rediscovered by archeaologists ?
what group has no feeding appendages ?
how many segments did the special originally have ?
in antigone , who was the target of civil disobedience ?
what was tesla 's friends ' theory as to what became of him ?
the umc condemns what type of punishment ?
state route 180 comes from which direction via mendota ?
abc news provides content for radio stations owned by what company ?
what drove increased rental prices in east new york ?
how many people died in the outbreak of 1471 ?
what is one function that prime numbers have that 1 does not ?
what platform caused bskyb to end their analogue service ?
what fields of study were advanced during the yuan ?
what was the goal of john sheepshanks considerable bequest to the museum ?
who is the archenemy of doctor who ?
the bank of america tower was previously known as what ?
as a result of a compromise , about how many chinese schools became national type schools ?
what country did the rhine continue to rise during the holocene ?
what is warsaw known as in polish ?
what type of outcomes can even stable markets lead to ?
what did luther state as a means of discouraging mistreatment of jews ?
what are the three sources of european union law ?
where did the residents of antioch flee to ?
the ottoman empire controlled territory on three continents , africa , asia and which other ?
what is the name of another type of prime here p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape ?
which team held the scoring lead throughout the entire game ?
who was thomas commerford martin ?
which player did the turf collapse under during a game in the levi 's stadium ?
what do bundle sheath chloroplasts specialize in ?
what university donated the land for the manned spacecraft center ?
sleep hormones shift the cytokine balance to which cytokine ?
who won the ekstraklasa championship in 2000 ?
what was the nickname for the test where , during abort mode , the ascent engine was started and fired ?
what animals may have been stampeded over genghis khan 's grave site ?
how many television and radio channels could the new digital service carry ?
what is the most critical resource in the analysis of computational problems associated with non-deterministic turing machines ?
these books became a foundational text for what library ?
in what kind of fluid are pressure differences caused by direction of forces over gradients ?
how much of the gdp was agriculture in 2005 ?
where was the burial site used for testing located ?
in what century was the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing system used ?
what was the average budget for abc movie of the week films ?
what does increasing inequality harm ?
what was the occasion when he claimed he 'd made the death ray ?
what are the two processing facilities in the neighborhood ?
what was fort caroline renamed to after the spanish attack ?
what dynasties inspired the chinese-like elements of kublai 's government ?
what is the process in which neutrophils move towards the site of inflammation called ?
what organization is the ipcc a part of ?
what was the most important discovery that led to the understanding that earth 's lithosphere is separated into tectonic plates ?
orientalism refers to how the west developed a what of the east ?
what type of positions would these counties be trying to recruit for ?
what are one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system ?
which caused the reform to never come into force ?
what well known political scientists are currently on the university 's faculty ?
what news network did abc launch in july 2004 ?
what did itv increase their yearly offer for control of the rights to broadcast the primer league to ?
along with a desire for more steam pressure , what were early drivers looking to generate when they fastened safety valves down ?
in what century did the history of the steam engine begin ?
what was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty ?
what two fields of theoretical computer science closely mirror computational complexity theory ?
what form of oxygen is composed of three oxygen atoms ?
where did he claim the blueprint was stored ?
what religion 's schools were integrated into new zealand public schools between 1979 and 1984 ?
what has islamism been increasingly interdependent with following the arab spring ?
the defeat of the arab troops in the six-day war constituted what for the arab muslim world ?
where did tesla and twain hang out ?
in what year was roger ii made king ?
what is the lowest recorded temperature in victoria ?
what function is related to prime numbers ?
what is harvard 's most intense rival ?
who leads the student government ?
in what calcium containing body part is oxygen a part ?
what do wages work in the same way as for any other good ?
what two environmental conditions are controlled in the museum ?
who owns the rail lines in victoria ?
when did the different colonies come together and form kenya ?
what is an anda ?
what was the only drama extended for a second season for the 2010-11 schedule ?
how many vector equations did heaviside and gibbs reformilate maxwell 's 20 scalar equtions into ?
who was the mvp of super bowl i and ii ?
who created an index of health and social problems ?
how far from warsaw does the vistula river 's environment change noticeably ?
who dominates the world of long distance running ?
when did the umc 's general board of church and society call on all united methodists to abstain from alcohol for lent ?
at what angle were the groups of pistons set in relation to one another in a 4-cylinder compound ?
approximately how many items from the islamic world are held in the v & a collection ?
why has warsaw seen many improvements over the past decade ?
what type of plea is sometimes taken as an act of disobedience ?
who considers luther 's speech a world classic ?
how many major ice ages have occurred ?
the word imperialism has it 's origins in which ancient language ?
what two doctors does the war doctor exist between ?
what building is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture ?
what did the kenyan business people hope for when meeting with the chinese ?
who was tesla 's secretary ?
what landmark was tesla asked about in regards to electricity in 1893 ?
what was the brazilian french colony called ?
there is growing interest in what indigenous group in the amazon ?
when did england formally declare war on france ?
in what year did the nfl switch to a 16-game regular season ?
what do green chloroplasts have instead of phycobilisomes ?
up to what age do students in the united kingdom attend preparatory schools ?
what campaign did the communist regime initiate after wwii ?
who argues that the government redistributes wealth by force ?
what major crop was brought to china from the west ?
which study showed double the rate of anxiety ?
where is much of the work of the scottish parliament done ?
what was the chinese name of gou 's calendar ?
what is different about cyanidioschyzon merolæ ?
cydippid are typically what shape ?
when is the suspended team scheduled to return ?
what was the capital of khwarezmia before the mongol invasion ?
who contributes to members business in addition to the proposer ?
in august 1994 , which flint , michigan affiliate did abc purchase ?
whose tune did luther adapt for the hymn of psalm 67 ?
what year did the university team up with shimer college ?
what conditions must be met to prescribe a controlled substance ?
other than scotland 's chief law officer , from whence are most ministers drawn from amongst ?
what is the abc affiliate that serves lima , ohio ?
how much of the greenhouse effect is due to carbon dioxide ?
what did luther think was required to stop the violence ?
for whom was luther concerned about in mansfeld ?
what was the percentage of a female householder with no husband present ?
gamma delta t cells share the characteristics of what other types of t cells ?
in what areas does most of the learning take place ?
whose first law of motion says that unless acted upon be forces , objects would continue to move at a constant velocity ?
how many streetcars did the fresno traction company operate in 1931 ?
when was a study published confirming the 2001 ipcc projections ?
in what sector are jobs beginning to increase ?
how many auricles do most species have ?
in which regions in particular did genghis khan 's armies massacre civilians ?
who did tesla think would run the world of the future ?
what do the owners of more capital end up having ?
what city has the largest inland port in europe ?
what did 'da yuan tong zhi ' mean ?
in what year did luther get his degree ?
in what year were two block i csms launched ?
how many games did the panthers lose in the regular season before super bowl 50 ?
what types of pumps are typically used in industrial boilers ?
the sieve of eratosthenes would not be valid if what were true ?
who did denver beat in the 2015 afc championship game ?
how many species were found in the burgess shale ?
what kind of diseases do drugs target apicoplasts for ?
how many individual libraries make up the main school library ?
what does civil disobedience protest against ?
policies which reduce the inequality associated effects of unemployment support what type of growth ?
who does history view as accountable for the error philip i made and luther 's advice in the matter ?
how much is china 's investment in kenya ?
who was the first nasa scientist in space ?
in what year did the fcc vote for the financial interest and syndication rules ?
who introduced plague to europe ?
when was the most recent super bowl hosted in the south florida/miami area ?
with whom was temüjin 's first important alliance ?
which of genghis khan 's descendants pushed the mamluks out of palestine ?
who is seen as the ultimate climate change authority ?
who is the founder of modern community organizing ?
how many academic majors does the university grant in total ?
what is a type of disobedience against the federal government ?
what helps to unleash the productivity ability of the poor ?
what was phillips official title for nasa ?
what are the two major subtypes of t cells ?
what does luther 's hymn christ unser herr zum jordan kam concern ?
where has there been very well-known cases of teacher misconduct ?
about what weather feature do paleoclimatologists want information ?
how many cameras did eyevision 360 utilize ?
what is an example of a machine model that deviates from a generally accepted multi-tape turing machine ?
what was the name of the hotel the panthers chose to stay in during super bowl 50 ?
how tall was tesla ?
how much did the cm weigh in kgs ?
2011-12 saw abc drop to 4th in ratings among what important demographic ?
what is the minimum amount of time before a bill can go into law ?
who was the abc radio president in 1968 ?
by what did luther believe the just person lives ?
what car is licensed by the fso car factory and built in egypt ?
what team did the panthers defeat ?
when was the current parliament of scotland convened ?
where did the movement that would become the united methodist church begin ?
what country has such unmanageable students that many teachers do not discipline them ?
according to a 1955 review , what were savings by the wealthy thought to offset ?
who was first appointed at the anchor of 20/20 ?
where were missing patents later found ?
what festival is held in october in newcastle ?
how was it suggested that the ipcc avoid political problems ?
what type of district is southern california home to many of ?
what channel did abc launch in 1981 that focused on cultural and arts programming ?
what is the metric term less used than the newton ?
what did they want the educational system to be ?
what minimalist composer is also a university graduate ?
how much did sky bid to win the 4 broadcast pacakges they bought ?
what is the translation of the old north branch of rhe rhine ?
what are pharmacists forbidden to do ?
name a luxury division of toyota .
what molecules are recognized as foreign by the immune system ?
where was the cm intended to land upon re entering the earth 's atmosphere ?
how do the yes/no answers of a complement problem of np appear ?
how well did the mongol emperors know chinese ?
what has been analyzed to compare amazon rainfall in the past and present ?
what carolina player was injured in the nfc championship game ?
what was the name of the king of the scots ?
what makes red algae red ?
who first sent radio waves across the atlantic ?
what is nsfnet
what is the name of the state that the megaregion expands to in the east ?
for what league does abc broadcast games on christmas day ?
which team did not get a chance to defend their super bowl xlix win in super bowl 50 ?
why did the university eventually leave the conference ?
how much heavier is oxygen 18 than oxygen 16 ?
when was the european convention on human rights established ?
what document formed the parliament of victoria ?
what does private ownership create a situation of ?
the european court of justice can not uphold measures that are incompatible with what ?
when did the chinese famine begin ?
what unforeseen problem caused tesla to hit his experiment with a sledgehammer ?
when was the university library founded ?
how fast do objects fall on earth ?
what is the function of the tardis ?
how many cylinders does the energiprojekt ab engine have ?
where are international corporations headquartered ?
to what network did sabrina the teenage witch move in 2000 ?
what castle currently houses the centre for contemporary art ?
who started the yuan dynasty ?
who won super bowl xlix ?
where is a palm house with subtropic plants from all over the world on display ?
the maroons compete in what league division ?
which company provides train service in fresno ?
what 's the biggest difference in the teaching relationship for primary and secondary school ?
who is the chair of the ipcc ?
tumor antigens are complexed with mhc class i molecules in the same way as what antigens ?
on what date did luther die ?
cities that anchor the regions are often the hub for what kind of activity ?
what medical appliance can be a concern for oxygen toxicity ?
what did kuznets argue resulted from stages of development ?
the region spans which mountains other than the transverse ranges ?
how much damage does breathing oxygen in space conditions cause ?
in which case did the court of justice hold that a german court could n't deny a dutch building company the right to enforce a contract based in germany ?
what was the name of the wife arranged for temüjin by his father ?
what did a lot of players need to change during super bowl 50 because of the condition of the field ?
what did sir charles parsons invent ?
what year saw the merger of two museums in newcastle ?
what other compensation did tesla get from westinghouse ?
what 's the name of the united kingdom 's sole remaining news cinema ?
what logo was modified and reused for the 50th anniversary special ?
to which year does the new sculpture galleries now encompass ?
where do scientists think all of the plagues originated from ?
what things did the network concentrate on
why does fresno only have uhf television stations ?
how are eggs and sperm released ?
which actions by eu institutions can be subject to judicial review ?
how much of the population in the middle east died of the plague ?
paramount paid fo , 10 cloverfield lane and which other film trailer to be aired during the game ?
what does lgm stands for ?
what two bodies must the parliament go through first to pass legislation ?
what did these flights test on the cm ?
what is " the gate " ?
what do those in the field do to ensure a positive outcome ?
how many nations control this region in total ?
what kind of facility was wardenclyffe ?
how many total acres is woodward park ?
who is the university accredited by ?
what type of assistance to out of town students is the muslim brotherhood known for ?
where did the rhine occupy during the holocene ?
what has increased sediment and delta growth also produced in the rhine ?
what kind of light is inadequate for chloroplasts to divide ?
what beverage company signed a contract allowing them to broadcast ads at a discount ?
where was the central secretariat based ?
what is another way of learning that is not formal ?
how much time was left in the quarter when stewart got the touchdown ?
what church in virginia is maintained by huguenots as a historic shrine ?
what happened in 1992 in a uk-wide process ?
what was tesla 's ac system used for in pittsburgh ?
what compounds in the stomach protect against ingested pathogens ?
what series years are available on blu-ray ?
what are presented to parliament in addition to the bill itself ?
where did tesla teach in gospic ?
where are longitudinal waves found ?
what is the expression used to denote a worst case complexity as expressed by time taken ?
what is chemical energy used to produce in plants ?
who concluded that the rising income inequality gap was not getting better ?
who tackled ronnie hillman for a loss of yardage ?
according to the riemann hypothesis , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 except for what values of s ?
how is the pauli exclusion priciple manifested in the macro world ?
what virus did walter reed discover ?
rather than taxation , what are private schools largely funded by ?
who did luther remind the peasants to obey ?
what did a survey of north american lutherans find that lutherans felt about jews compared to other minority groups ?
who increased british military resources in colonies ?
which super bowl , after the 50th one , will begin have roman numerals in the title again ?
where did the meuse flow before the flood ?
where was temüjin 's patron toghrul exiled ?
what are examples of clinical services that pharmacists can provide ?
what is the world 's busiest general aviation airport ?
how much did tesla spend on the injured pigeon ?
what makes ctenophores different from all other animals ?
the spin of what can produce a magnetic effect to oxygen molecules ?
who did toghrul join in a campaign against temüjin ?
who did the fcc rule in favor of in the april 2000 dispute between time warner cable and abc ?
what injury did the carolina panthers lose kelvin benjamin to during their preseason ?
who is required to verify and have existing utility lines marked ?
what effect did genghis khan 's career have on communication and trade across asia ?
did the plague spread in scandinavia or germany first ?
how is the o2 molecule referred to in its ground state ?
what shape are pyrenoids ?
what can the exhaust steam not fully do when the exhaust event is insufficiently long ?
what position does demarcus currently play ?
what is the oldest exhibition site in warsaw ?
since what year has the umc been exploring a possible merger with three historically african-american denominations ?
comb like bands of cilia are called what ?
in the capabilities approach , grow and income are considered a means to an end rather than what ?
who pays australian pharmacists for doing home medicines reviews ?
in what process are electrons recycled ?
who can be in the victorian cabinet ?
how many areas were impacted by the the death of vegetation in the 2010 drought ?
what caused uk to have an oil crisis in its own country ?
in what year did roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players open ?
where are reserved matters stated in the scotland act ?
what attribute of humans interfered with nature 's ruthlessness in tesla 's opinion ?
the flags on the moon left by the u.s. manned apollo missions are all still standing save for which mission 's flag ?
before dinner what were tesla 's working hours ?
going to jail accomplished what goal of civil disobedience ?
what occurs when electron clouds overlap from different atoms ?
what is the speed limit set to reduce consumption ?
what is one main reason that civil disobedience is not recognized ?
what is the most recent example of financial fault lines ?
what forest is by warsaw 's southern border ?
what percent live below the povertly line ?
what was konstantin mereschkowski 's career ?
who was delegated command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty ?
what earlier market did the grainger market replace ?
what did newton 's mechanics affect ?
what happens to the jellyfish nematocysts when they are eaten by the haeckelia ?
whose society portraits from the late 19th to early 20th centuries does the v & a hold ?
what graphic designer designed the abc logo in it 's most known form ?
who captured fort beausejour ?
according to reduction , if x and y can be solved by the same algorithm then x performs what function in relationship to y ?
how many passengers can the ford fiesta accommodate ?
what is the greatest number of members a board of trustees can have ?
which super bowl did roger goodell speak about ?
what modern company has been notably working on a steam engine using modern materials ?
one of fis ' agenda items was to force women to start doing what ?
what is the name of another compelling continuation of the fermat primality test ?
what cell type is also used for immune response in most types of invertebrate life ?
what did roland bainton say about luther 's position on jews ?
where was the feb 2010 call for change published ?
what type of manufacturing plant is victoria soon losing ?
what is the highest court in the european union ?
the number of new huguenot colonists declined after what year ?
what do chloroplasts do like mitochondria ?
what is normally eaten for lunch and supper ?
where was luther 's last sermon preached ?
which entities were originally concerned with preventing violation of human rights ?
did the european court of justice rule the defendant in the case of commission v. edith cresson broke any laws ?
what happened to his lab ?
what is the second academic school of technology in poland ?
what type of engines does the american car typically have ?
where does the rhine river 's measurement end ?
which two treaties provided more formal institutions of the european union ?
what can a teacher use to help students learn ?
from what military branch did mueller recruit managers from ?
telnet was sold to
who is responsible for operating the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks ?
who ends up getting more of the teacher 's resources in this scenario ?
what is the most common xanthophyll ?
where is the congress hall located ?
when was the old testament translation finished ?
what do the ten commandments teach christians how to do ?
who does a gender pay gap tend to favor ?
who moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596 ?
what was maxwell 's job ?
how many miles south of san jose is the north - south midway point located ?
who played quarterback for the broncos after peyton manning was benched ?
where might the doctor 's self-interest be at odds with the patient 's self-interest ?
the use of what device represented the last major evolution of the steam engine ?
how are the forces derived from fields treated similarly to ?
which basin does the dust falls over into ?
how many years does the v & a 's collections span ?
when did kenya reach the semi-finals ?
what mountainous region is lake constance by ?
where is the metrocentre located ?
at what point in the day was the couple married ?
who originally hosted who wants to be a millionaire for abc ?
which part of the museum received the first major post-war work ?
how many inhabitants does the los angeles area contain ?
when was the victoria and albert museum founded ?
who missed a field goal for the panthers ?
what was disney-abc international television previously known as ?
what was restored in the sculpture gallery during its renovated in 2006 ?
how is packet switching charecterized
after asking if the books were his , what else did eck ask luther ?
what kind of interethnic marriage became common in the jin dynasty ?
what did baran develop during research at rand
what is the process by which the adaptive immune system is evaded by the chainging of non-essential epitopes called ?
who designed the ceiling and stained-glass windows of the green dining room ?
how long was warsaw the capital of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth ?
where is harvard stadium located ?
when was the salary range listed valid for ( month and year ) ?
what was the base rate for a 30-second ad during super bowl 50 ?
who did the broncos prevent from going to the super bowl ?
name a luxury model that became popular in the mid-1970s .
what did kenya reveil in 2030 ?
what law staes that forces are interactions between bodies ?
who argued that the ussr had itself become an imperialist power ?
how many scalar equations were formed into a set by james maxwell ?
what did paul-louis simond establish in 1898 ?
who was ogedei 's wife ?
what disease did tesla catch ?
what type of turing machine is capable of multiple actions and extends into a variety of computational paths ?
what microsoft ceo is also an alumni of the university of chicago ?
who among genghis khan 's subjects shared similar privileges to his close family members ' ?
when did france take control of algeria ?
where did kublai move the mongol capital to ?
what did luther do at the end of his speech ?
what group specifically opposed the huguenots ?
what has having an eu citizenship increased ?
who was chairman of the house science committee ?
what organization did general gaafar al-nimeiry invite members of to serve in his government ?
the mitchell tower is designed to look like what oxford tower ?
what does the scotland act of 2012 extend ?
excessive bureaucratic red tape is one of the reasons for what type of ownership ?
in addition to schools , where else is popularly based authority effective ?
about many students attend kunskapsskolan schools ?
what is the term for wind-blown dust in a tundra ?
what does the title gür khan mean ?
how many chloroplasts are in stomatal guard cells ?
how did luther describe his time in the order ?
how are the rates of social goods in countries with higher inequality ?
which 's of genghis khan 's successors could not be successor because of his age ?
how long were the fighters of the warsaw ghetto uprising able to hold out ?
what is the name of contemporary mongolian currency ?
what 3 things does the air force work key on
developments in which scientists influenced the creation of pharmacology in medieval islam ?
vetra and i germanica and xx valeria were the two legions for what ?
in which galleries are the french paintings donated by jones displayed ?
the asante and lunda empires were in which region ?
what type of relationships do enthusiastic teachers cause ?
what was the date of the very first episode of doctor who ?
when did luther return to wittenberg ?
according to game stats , which super bowl 50 quarterback had his worst year since his first season as a player in the nfl ?
what do you get when you figure the sum of forces with vector addition ?
where were the germanic tribes originally located ?
where does the lek join ?
what has the tendency to increase wages in a field or job position ?
an evaporative cooling tower is also referred to as what kind of cooling tower ?
when was the colony destroyed ?
who created the theme used in 1986 ?
where was the continental edison company located ?
which german architect was asked to produce a design for the museum ?
what minor amount of liquid oxygen was produced by early french experimenters ?
what type of professional is a pharmacy technician considered to be ?
how accurate did guo make the reformed lunisolar calendar ?
where was the summer theatre located ?
what app did viewers use to watch the game on their smartphones ?
what gauge of rail lines do two tourist lines use ?
what had been left hanging on the door to tesla 's room ?
how many lead authors does an ipcc report chapter have ?
on what basis do the radical islamist organizations conduct their attacks ?
what makes the method of trial division more efficient ?
where are many hospital pharmacies located ?
which museum was among those that loaned more modern works for the new sculpture galleries ?
how much was the 1994 earthquake estimated to have cost ?
what does the rhine merge with outside of germany ?
what ended turkish imperial ambitions ?
what did the nif try to unify islamist opposition against ?
what radio network was rca using to eliminate competition in 1940 ?
how long did it take for the theses printing to spread thought germany ?
what did the kyoto protocol try to address ?
what was the average cost of a 30-second commercial ?
the motto of the muslim brotherhood specifies what as being their constitution ?
where is brazil ranked globally in soybean production ?
what is a main duty of the gphc ?
who was the head of the household that temüjin joined when he was nine years old ?
what was the rhine considered to invaders in wwii ?
what is the name of the fund that focuses on youth , community and sustainable environments ?
what is that power that enables us to love ?
what did tesla claim to perfect while at the exchange ?
upon learning of a french scounting party in the area , what did washington do ?
what ca n't parliament do that causes equality and democracy to be deficient ?
by which year did chrysler ended its full sized luxury model ?
roughly how many clubs are ran at the university ?
what contains a nearly verbatim of parliamentary debates ?
what theoretical device is attributed to alan turing ?
what is something that teacher 's are at a high risk for ?
what implication can be derived for p and np if p and co-np are established to be unequal ?
who introduced the first system of education ?
how does kenya curb coruption ?
who played doctor who in the revival series ?
what is another name for exoteric ?
prior to super bowl 50 , what was the last super bowl in california ?
what was the domain name of the site that streamed the super bowl 50 game ?
what is one example of a unique factorization domain ?
what apollo mission was first cancelled due to not being needed to build the skylab in space , as it was pre-built on the ground ?
what is a mechanical barrier in insects that protects the insect ?
whose likeness is on the larger denominations of mongolian currency ?
what was the style of luther 's salute at the end of his speech ?
what body has stated that physicians can also dispense drugs under specific conditions ?
some elements of the brotherhood directed what action against the government ?
in a type iii secretion system , proteins are transported to the host cell in order to do what ?
what do most online pharmacies do ?
of what form is the infinite amount of primes that comprise the special cases of schinzel 's hypothesis ?
ciliary rosettes pump water into what to control buoyancy ?
what scientist told the french academy of sciences that he had found how to liquefy oxygen ?
in a report on k-12 teachers , which teachers had the lowest median salary ?
what position does tucker play for with the ravens ?
what was manning 's passer rating at the end of the season ?
preschool targest what age children ?
what percentage of oxygen is usually supplied by a medical mask ?
after the dornbirner ach was diverted , where does the rhine flow now ?
what are the small tentacles on cydippids called ?
how are the compounds that contain oxygen considered in commerce ?
which countries use the green greek cross as a symbol of pharmacy ?
what is name of the function used for the largest integer not greater than the number in question ?
what was the black cloister ?
what powers does the court of justice of the european union have in regards to treaties ?
who had the idea of a natural state for objects at rest ?
when did abc first get in to television broadcasts ?
what was the name of temüjin 's wife börte 's first son ?
what was started after these new programs were in place ?
what does the original manuscript show ?
which of genghis khan 's mentors practiced christianity ?
where was the disease spreading between 1348 and 1350 ?
why did so many not approve of the bill ?
where was evan washburn located while announcing during the game ?
what band is often regarded as the first folk metal group ?
what spinoff of happy days debuted in 1976 ?
what did the salafi movement put emphasis on ?
which country is a traditional ally of israel ?
when was gold found near ballarat ?
how thick are chloroplasts in land plants ?
when did carl wilhelm scheele discover oxygen ?
what is the expression used to represent a complexity class of counting problems ?
when do chloroplasts spread out flat ?
what is the translation of siebengebirge ?
what entity sparked the growth of fresno station ?
what is the name of harvard 's basketball facility ?
what happened to the as-205 mission originally ?
what was the marburg colloquy meant to establish ?
what word is the word pharmacy taken from ?
what natural resources did the chinese government have a monopoly on ?
if there is a conflict between eu law and national law , which law take precedence ?
what was the final score of super bowl 50 ?
who holds an annual international arts fair in newcastle ?
what change in conditions may make the amazon rainforest unsustainable ?
what type of immune systems are found in all plants and animals ?
what is the rhine called in dutch ?
in what year did abc stop using it 's four-note jingle for promotion ?
who was the ally of his father that genghis khan fell out as time passed ?
which sitcom ended its broadcast run for abc in 1983 ?
prior to the arrival of the french , the area now known as jacksonville was previously inhabited by what people ?
why did british operation fail in 1755 , 56 , 57 ?
who conducted the construction of the new center ?
most of the museum 's collection had been returned by which year ?
what combined with ricing prices to make it difficult or impossible for poor people to keep pace ?
how much did tesla receive from the sale of wardenclyffe ?
how many troops were defeated for british in battle of carillon ?
what inventor built on to the findings of philo of byzantium ?
what theory best explains gravity ?
what sea were ctenophores accidently introduced ?
what was the win/loss ratio in 2015 for the carolina panthers during their regular season ?
abc bought 20 acres of land in hollwood in 1949 that would become what studio ?
what does quadratic reciprocity seek to achieve ?
what did the crew of apollo 12 do with parts of the surveyor they landed near after photographing them ?
what do the devonshire hunting tapestries depict ?
what theorem defines the main role of primes in number theory ?
how long was the broadcast delay the first time the series premiered ?
what are eu regulations essentially the same as in the case mentioned ?
what are the two integer responses to a decision problem ?
which organic compounds contain the greatest amount of oxygen by mass ?
what gene is responsible for converting calcidiol into calcitriol ?
if parliament agrees in a vote to the general principle of a bill , what does it then proceed to ?
how many items is the university library home to ?
what did luther believe that the soul does after death ?
when did barton and whitfield demand climate research records ?
who reportedly wanted tesla 's company ?
when did temur rule ?
an illustrated , paraphrased version of this appeared when ?
what is the saxon garden in polish ?
what was the capital of the mongol empire ?
what choice did french have for surrendering land ?
besides drugs , what else do specialty pharmacies provide ?
when was this committee by seaman established ?
what does it mean for a knot to be considered indecomposable ?
along what geographic feature are nine residential houses located ?
invertebrates do not generate what type of cells that are a part of the vertebrate adaptive immune system ?
who was the inventor of the atmospheric engine ?
who is the sole governing authority capable of initiating legislative proposals ?
what did luther 's area and tradition believe jews to be guilty of ?
what position did the tax collector that arrested thoreau get ?
how recently has the homes in fresno been restored ?
what is a cairns replication intermediate ?
where were luther 's hymns included ?
what happens when a person 's capabilities aer lowered , as it relates to their income ?
how large are cytoplasmic ribosomes ?
where by mass is oxygen a major part ?
where is energiprojekt ab based ?
the umc established and is affiliated with approximately how many colleges and universities in the u.s. ?
what is the balance for positive reinforcement ?
what do conservative researchers fell should be a measure of inequality ?
what have some plants repurposed the peptidoglycan layer genes for ?
how did saint-pierre respond to washington ?
how many of the remaining launches were successful ?
what does a writer for the international crisis group think the concept of political islam is a creation of ?
in what episode is it brought up that the first doctor might not actually be the first doctor ?
to whom was the large catechism directed ?
what type of turing machine can be characterized by checking multiple possibilities at the same time ?
what percentage of primary schools used welsh primarily or exclusively ?
who is the primary rival of the harvard crimson hockey team ?
who did the panthers play to advance to the super bowl ?
what do other smaller venues of newcastle tend to feature ?
which two importers claimed that under a french competition law , they were prevented from selling picon beer under wholesale price ?
why do firms substitute equipment for workers ?
what three things are needed for construction to take place ?
what are mps unable to vote upon ?
what area in south africa accepted huguenot colonists ?
when did mongke khan become great khan ?
who is the oldest quarterback to play in a super bowl ?
what is an example of an np-intermediate problem not known to exist in p or np-complete ?
what is another name for being born again ?
what decreased in number between 1984 and 1991 ?
what new product did bank of america introduce in 1958 ?
in which etude of neumes rythmiques do the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in ?
what does wealth disparity make the economy more prone to ?
besides 1,3 and 7 , what other number must all primes greater than 5 end with ?
what chloroplast lineage is cyanophora in ?
what tool is used in corporal punishment ?
what previous work did lavoisier experiments discredit ?
who were two of kublai 's chinese advisers ?
what antibody is transported from the mother to baby across the placenta ?
how much of gdp does manufactoriing account for ?
what company released the cd versions of the doctor who stories ?
what are private schools that charge no tuition called ?
why do polar water bodies support a higher amount of life ?
which super bowl did elway win at 38 years old ?
what is durinskia 's chloroplast ?
what 's the average decibel level of noise in newcastle ?
when american car companies rolled out with their domestic replacement cars , which policy ended ?
friedrich ratzel thought what was needed for a state to survive ?
who claimed luther 's writings were a blueprint of actions against jews ?
what cable provider did abc reach an agreement with in 1993 to carry it 's owned-and-operated stations in abc o & o markets ?
what was the score for the 2015 nfc championship game ?
who killed harold ii ?
when was the third period of high viewership for the doctor who series ?
what caused luther to write hymns ?
the talbot hughes collection was a gift from which company ?
near where in the continent is it believed that the amazon basin split ?
what was the name of the event at the the embarcadero that was held prior to super bowl 50 to help show off some of the things that san francisco has to offer ?
when did buyantu resume testing potential government employees ?
complexity theory classifies problems based on what primary attribute ?
what is the revised version of the book of common prayer called ?
what geochemist developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating ?
who was first on the team in total tackles ?
who used the church to unify themselves ?
how many warriors did toghrul provide temüjin when his wife was captured ?
at the time , countries such as spain did n't have a crime against what ?
what are construction managers ?
what may be possible for multiple kuznets ' cycles to be in at any given time ?
what year did newton hold the number one draft pick position ?
in what year did lost first debut ?
what does the tardis look like ?
how was scarcity managed in many countries ?
who else did datnet 1 refer to
what was germany 's central interest ?
what word was luther criticized for adding in romans3:28 ?
what battle outside quebec city did british lose in 1760 ?
what administration did ludwig mies van der rohe designa buiding ?
which party is strongest in victoria 's northwestern and eastern regions ?
how much does it cost to gain entry to a parliament meeting ?
how much of the earth 's atmosphere is diatomic oxygen ?
what are the components of drug therapy ?
at what pressure is water heated in the rankine cycle ?
why did tesla avoid by fleeing smiljan ?
in what year did abc agree to finance disneyland ?
which battle did temüjin lose to jamukha shortly after his election as khan ?
where does the largest part of kenya 's power come from ?
what did the lunar module provide to help get the apollo 13 home safely ?
how many species of ctenophores have not been fully described or named ?
according to ellen churchill semple what type of climate was necessary for humans to become fully human ?
what does ozone 's characteristic to cause damage effect ?
what does less education lead to when working ?
what time period did the geoglyphs date back to ?
what type of civil disobedience is accompanied by aggression ?
what did the court of justice reason were controlled in all member states in josemans v burgemeester van maastricht ?
who purchased or commissioned the works of european artists included the british galleries of the v & a ?
what is the proto-germanic adaptation of the name of the rhine ?
how much did the population of victoria increase in ten years after the discovery of gold ?
who teaches the proper way of living in islam ?
when was temüjin elected khan of the mongols ?
how long did it take to improve on sir isaac newton 's laws of motion ?
who were the current rights holders for the primer league ?
what non-chinese empire did the yuan dynasty succeed ?
what was the name of the first episode of the new doctor who series ?
who directed stormy monday ?
how long had john paul ii been the pope in 1979 ?
what directly opposes the force applied to move an object across a surface ?
who halted the advance of hulagu khan across the middle east ?
to where did ethelred flee ?
in what year was the 20th anniversary special aired ?
how many screens does the empire muliplex cinema have ?
by 199 how many universities were connected
what do ctenophore use to capture their prey ?
what do pyrenoids store ?
what molecules of the adaptive immune system only exist in jawed vertebrates ?
dendritic cells present antigens to what cells of the adaptive nervous system ?
in what state is the largest huguenot society located ?
what was the first disney program televised on abc as a result of the disney-abc agreement ?
where did the song dynasty continue to cause problems for kublai ?
when was the opening of " super bowl city " ?
how are packets normally forwarded
where do ctenophora live ?
who is kearney boulevard named after ?
in what conditions were forces first measured historically ?
how much is the sieve method of gas production used ?
what did newcastle university win in 2000 ?
who was the main proponent of the cellular theory of immunity ?
what is only found in peridinin-type chloroplasts ?
what title did iroquois give johnson ?
when was the brotherhood first banned in egypt ?
how many biomolecules contain no oxygen ?
tension , compression , and drag are what kind of forces ?
when did the black death technically subside ?
who worked later on to find these missing magnetic tapes that had data stored on them ?
before super bowl 50 , what was the coach 's name that coached both teams for their last super bowl appearances ?
who was announced as the lem contractor in november 1962 ?
in which year was the the forest tapestry created ?
what public policy school found it 's home in the building that ludwig mies van der rohe designed ?
who sacked cam newton at the end of the half ?
how old are the gravestones that reference the plague ?
what is a reason for the movement to legalize importing medicines from other countries ?
what nationality is the architect enric miralles ?
how many cases of malaria did kenya report in 2006 ?
where are pyrenoids found ?
what was the effect of the housing crash on the region ?
what is another term for excessive compression ?
what is unknown about the complexity classes between l and p that further prevents determining the value relationship between l and p ?
between what times does good morning america air on abc ?
which parts of the earth are included in the lithosphere ?
where is the only jewish synagogue located ?
who has composed the doctor who incidental music since 2005 ?
approximately how many items are in the costume collection of the v & a ?
there are other categories for what ?
which two governing bodies have legislative veto power ?
how many people were on the project that followed project mercury ?
what received a battering during the siege of newcastle ?
what was media day called for super bowl 50 ?
what can orthogonal forces be when there are three components with two at right angles to each other ?
whose saying about purgatory did martin luther object to ?
what tribe fell apart after temüjin defeated toghrul ?
what are the first buildings the university built knows as today ?
what is an important personal decision for civil disobedients ?
how much did capital cities communications purchase abc and its properties for ?
what did abc contribute to the 20th anniversary special ?
who recovered the strip ball ?
the umc prohibits the celebration of what type of unions ?
after what year did compounding cease to be used in britain ?
what 's the name of newcastle 's speedway team ?
who developed datapac
what type of amendments might members opposed to a bill put on the table ?
how many points did the broncos score in the final three minutes of the pittsburgh game ?
what type of motivators are food and shelter considered ?
who has performed all the doctor who music since the 2005 christmas special ?
who may assign elders ?
when was levi 's stadium picked for super bowl 50 ?
the rate of clearing of forest from 2000 to 2005 was how many square miles per year ?
when did the german army reoccupy rhineland ?
during what decade did the campus start to look more modern ?
which problem consists of both inflationary and deflationary impacts ?
how many career sacks did jared allen have ?
when did the v & a acquired the costiff collection ?
what shape are plastoglobuli ?
germany referred to which area more so than an actual country ?
how old was tesla when he wrote that he 'd completed his dynamic theory of gravity ?
what school did he enroll in during 1875 ?
how did luther persuade archbishop albrecht to stop the sale of indulgences ?
what did jim gray cover ?
what is the largest city the rhine runs through ?
who is the current president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ?
what does the w and z boson exchange create ?
what is the name of the pulitzer prize novelist who was also a university alumni ?
when did the so called gentlemen 's agreement between sadat and the islamists break down ?
which of abc 's main production facilities is located in hollywood , ca ?
which family guy episodes contain doctor who references ?
how did the settlers protect their interests ?
compared to the rest of florida , how does jacksonville 's filipino population rank ?
when did tesla go to prague ?
who led the attack of the french colony in 1565 ?
what is missing a theory on quantum gravity ?
at what address did goldenson secure a new headquarters for abc ?
what is the dutch name for the rhine ?
when did luther give his response to eck ?
how old was peyton manning when he played in super bowl 50 ?
what early huguenot church was established in england ?
in the layered model of the earth , the outermost layer is what ?
what is a local pastor 's official title ?
to monitor what event would measuring radiance from vegetation provide information ?
when was the the second german empire founded ?
how did the committee raise the money ?
what is to blame for the burdens in health care in kenya ?
what is the seating arrangement of the debating chamber ?
how much of a difference in homicide rates are related to inequality ?
who led the mongolian borjigin clan ?
why was the student group called " the methodists ? "
how many times did the broncos cause turnovers in the game ?
when did papal nuncio karl von miltitz get luther to make concessions ?
what is the ability to recognize and adapt to new specific pathogens called ?
what mainline station is to the east of the city center ?
what was warsaw 's population in 1901 ?
what is secreted by the respiratory tract to trap microorganisms ?
who may change the date by up to a month , on the proposal of the po ?
what kind of light is important for chloroplasts to divide ?
when was skylab 's last crew on the station before it re-entered earth 's atmosphere ?
who was the espn deportes sideline commentator for super bowl 50 ?
compared to other causes , the effect of trade on inequality in america is what ?
by what other name was the gate known ?
how many kilometers of acres of the ecuadorian rainforest is supported ?
who may introduce new laws or amendments to laws already on the books as a bill ?
what do counties sometimes offer to get more teachers ?
in between french and british , what groups controlled land ?
what were the two forms of environmental determinism ?
who produces a list of requirements for a project , giving an overall view of the project 's goals ?
although southern california consts of a heavily developed urban environment , how much of it has been left undeveloped ?
what effect did the plague have on the middle east ?
are juiveniles capable of reproduction ?
what is the atomic number for oxygen ?
which cultures are represented in the v & a 's collections ?
at what age do immune responses typically begin to decline ?
what organization is john schmitt and ben zipperer members of ?
what did josel of rosheim claimed that luther said of those who might aid the jews ?
from which country did the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet come from ?
what kind of chloroplasts do diatoms have ?
the modern trend in design is toward integration of what ?
which region began to grow and assert itself in the 2000s ?
in what year was rose mary denman defrocked for openly living with a same-sex partner ?
what proclamation gave huguenots special privileges in brandenburg ?
when was the augsburg confession signed ?
how did luther want people to bring about change ?
in what group of compounds is oxygen a necessary part ?
what was kublai 's favorite sect of tibetan buddhism ?
the 2012 study showed teachers experienced more stress than whom ?
what position did mark woods take on at the new american broadcasting company ?
to what extent did fermat confirm the validity of fermat numbers ?
what is important for a teacher to enjoy ?
who followed matt smith in the role of doctor who ?
what is unique about simultaneous hermaphrodites ?
in what year did harvard win an intercolleiate sailing association national championship ?
brownlee argues disobedience can be justified toward what institutions ?
who designed the golf course located at the sunnyside country club ?
how much do ctenophore eat in a day ?
in 1984 , the abc arts channel arts was merged with what other channel ?
what is the citation for the pierce v. society of sisters case ?
how big was the vertical assembly building ?
who often plays the fourth doctor in comedy parodies ?
how many firms were existing in 2005 ?
what two women were defying the pharaoh in the story from the book of exodus ?
what year did abc 's " tgif " end ?
phagocytes can be called to a specific location by what ?
maududi was trained as a lawyer , but chose what professional for himself instead ?
in what year did enr compile data in nine market segments ?
how many academic units make up the school ?
what was the concept of force an integral part of ?
who did the panthers play in their division championship game ?
how many men did duquesne send to relieve saint-pierre ?
when did tesla become friends with viereck ?
what lesson did johann von staupitz teach luther repentance was ?
of what is ozone a reactive part of oxygen ?
what type of vote must the council pass in order to approve of any changes recommended by parliament ?
who is known as the father of the modern steam railways ?
which channels did frank marx think would be requisitioned by the u.s. army ?
what type of homes is fresno known for ?
what do high levels of inequality prevent beyond economic prosperity ?
what would a probationer need to do to earn more money , after 6 years ?
who organized the britain can make it exhibition ?
when did the iranian government enjoy something of a resurgence ?
in what year was the victoria and albert museum founded ?
what does an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent of people of a society result in ?
the teacher 's in a platoon style teaching are usually more _____ ?
whose relics reside in the becket casket ?
the censuring of the santer commission resulted in which main case ?
what organization predicted that the amazon forest could survive only three years of drought ?
what may members question the first minister about directly during first minister 's question time ?
what did hamas win in the january 2006 legislative election ?
what is the term used to identify a deterministic turing machine that has additional random bits ?
of what length are engine cycle events when the simplest valve gears are used ?
what did this statement of tetzel 's show about him ?
who was reintroduced for the 50th anniversary special ?
who was iqbal a critic of ?
what , when combined with a large workload , can contribute to occupational stress ?
what present-day company did bankamericard turn into ?
what did tesla 's investors do to him ?
which sculpture by michelangelo has a full-size replica in the cast courts ?
in what year did tesla receive a nobel prize bid ?
what does fota stand for ?
what does warsaw host many of ?
what did luther not mean for the new mass to replace ?
the symbol for mercuric oxide is ?
what group of people performed revolutionary civil disobedience toward the austrian government ?
what position does brandon marshall currently play ?
how many pages was the kalven report statement ?
what type of train would some of the proposed new routes require ?
highways built in the amazon rainforest were built primarily for what kind of farmers ?
what site is located in the san francisco bay area ?
what monument is in memory of the largest insurrection of wwii ?
what was the north american portion of war of austrian succession ?
what do chloroplasts look like in spinach grown in green light ?
what are members who have been baptized as an infant or child but who have not subsequently professed their own faith ?
when did representatives start working on the finer details of the deal ?
in what episode does the " fall of the eleventh " happen ?
what did the radical reformers cause in the new order ?
what light radiation does ozone absorb ?
when did tamara marry a lawyer ?
what types of engines are steam engines ?
how is temüjin written in pinyin ?
what do red algal chloroplasts have that green chloroplasts do n't ?
what abc series originated as short segment on love , american style ?
who was elected president in november 1960 ?
what did martin brecht call luther 's stand on the jews ?
where were non-condensing direct-drive locomotives notably used for fast passenger trains ?
what is generated between a surface and an object that is being pushed ?
when did the origins of magnetic and electric fields occur ?
there 's a unesco world heritage site in the rhine gorge between the koblenz and what ?
what is the name of the delta in the netherlands ?
which state has the largest number of members ?
how did the better jacksonville plan generate money ?
who forced four fumbles for the broncos in the 2015 season ?
charleston settler elie prioleau was from what french town ?
which player did the panthers lose to an acl injury in a preseason game ?
how many counties initially made up the definition of southern california ?
what are the three major types of rock ?
where did charles de gaulle and the free french run operations during world war 2 ?
where do all trains going to scotland stop at ?
what concept is frequently used to define complexity classes ?
when was japan accepted as an arab-friendly state ?
what is the island off of the german shore of the rhine that this warm and cold water meet ?
the walt disney company is a part owner of what vod streaming service ?
what gets the z-ring in the right place ?
what was the last doctor who episode that dudley simpson wrote music for ?
where did aristotle believe the natural place for earth and water elements ?
what did the warsaw confederation formally establish in 1573 ?
what does a u.s. census report state that even after other factors there still exists this between earnings of men and women ?
what is the largest sensory feature of the ctenophora ?
who was edward the confessor 's half-brother ?
why did tesla begin investigating invisible energy ?
what is another term for the pivot mounting ?
how is income determined in a market with variously skilled workers ?
how did the bbc get audio versions of the lost episodes ?
what did the richest 400 americans have as children that helped them be successful adults ?
which part of london was sir paul pindar 's house , whose façade now resides in the v & a collection , located ?
where do nucleomorph genes transfer to ?
what kind of audience share did mnf allow abc to attain according to goldenson ?
in what year did abc submit licenses for 5 television stations ?
what was kenneth swezey 's job ?
what is european union law ?
which animal 's venom did pierre-louis moreau de maupertuis work with ?
what did the acronym aap stand for ?
what applies to equally to constant velocity motion as it does to rest .
what space station supported three manned missions in 1973-1974 ?
which car shows the dot 's revision of categories ?
when is the wianki festival held ?
the steps around the water feature can be drained for what uses ?
what year did two of ghengis khan and börte 's sons die ?
harrogate market is in the local what ?
the presence or absence of what can be used to determine the relative age of the formations in which they are found ?
what are two complexity classes between l and p ?
what is the nasuwt ?
what is the name for a form of oxygen in which electrons are paired ?
what type of studies explored student motivation ?
which genus of ctenophores does not have cydipped-like larvae ?
what genus has self-fertilization been seen ?
the skylab had what type of equipment onboard that was supposed to be used in a different mission ?
who appointed samuel phillips to man the tiger team to find answers ?
who founded mckinsey & company ?
disney-abc television group implemented restrictions for hulu and watch abc that made episodes available only after how many days after initial broadcast ?
in what year was nikola tesla born ?
what was the definition of professionals , for this study ?
what are the biggest burdens ?
what name is given to any prime number larger than 2 ?
goldenson proposed a merger between upt and what network in october 1954 ?
why was tesla returned to gospic ?
what type of numbers demonstrate a flaw with the fermat primality test ?
what is the turbine entry temperature of a steam turbine , in degrees celsius ?
what garden was formally only for royalty ?
richard allen and absalom jones were licensed by st. george 's church in what year ?
besides the arguments with rome and his own fellow reformers , what scandal contributed to luther 's failing health ?
some of the combs in the v & a collection of south east asian art is made of what material ?
how many of warsaw 's inhabitants spoke polish in 1933 ?
where were the devonshire hunting tapestries made ?
what series was created by former doctor who producer russell t. davies ?
around roughly how many students enroll yearly in creative and performing arts classes ?
who has released official reconstructions of doctor who episodes ?
since january 2012 , all abc programming has been presented in what format ?
who won super bowl xlix ?
what was warsaw 's first literary cabaret ?
where are these dams located ?
who did the keelmen live with in a tight-knight community east of newcastle ?
king sigimund 's column is an example of what kind of attraction in warsaw ?
how does the secondary theory say most cpdna replicates ?
when was the mass high school education movement ?
how many people lived in fresno in 2000 , according to the census bureau ?
how many men older than 18 are there for every 100 women ?
when did the european council task an entity with drafting a european charter of human rights ?
who was upt forced to separate themselves from in 1949 ?
what do progressive moderates of islam seek to separate ?
what happened to the credibility of secular politics as a result of the six-day war ?
why did they teach them to grow peas ?
what percentage of france 's population is protestant today ?
what is the polish word for wreaths ?
how many species of trees can be found in the amazon rainforest ?
what is the problem attributed to defining if two finite graphs are isomorphic ?
who were exempt from the ministry of justice ?
in what sense must you be observing the curvature of space-time ?
how many stations did abc have affiliation agreements with in 2015 ?
who were special guests for the super bowl halftime show ?
assuming that t represents a polynomial in t ( n ) , what is the term given to the corresponding algorithm ?
is a problem instance typically characterized as abstract or concrete ?
besides abc news , what other division was roone arledge president of ?
along with stephenson and walschaerts , what is an example of a simple motion ?
what finite hierarchy implies that the graph isomorphism problem is np-complete ?
in which century were the four devonshire hunting tapestries woven ?
what might cause a higher student interest in learning the presented subject ?
what kind of organism is cyanophora ?
why might the temperature affect the theory of plague spreading ?
what term is shorthand for antibody generators ?
what equals the spring reaction force on an object suspended on a spring reaction scale ?
how was coal transferred from the river banks to colliers ?
what is one common example of a critical complexity measure ?
what chemist showed that fire needed only a part of air ?
what was the main reason for the show 's suspension in 1989 ?
assuming p is a prime other than 2 or 5 , then , according to fermat 's theorem , what type of decimal will 1/p always be ?
noble acquired a loan from what entity to keep abc solvent in 1951 ?
where does the council meet ?
what has caused china to suspend their railway project ?
what position does demaryius thomas play ?
what is the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name of the rhine ?
where does newly created wealth concentrate ?
in what year did tesla graduate from the higher real gymnasium ?
what is the current number of electors currently in a scottish parliament constituency ?
in what town did bill aiken grow up ?
how much of the population is hindu ?
what kind of statement is made in the effort of establishing the time and space requirements needed to enhance the ultimate number of problems solved ?
what is the name of one type of computing method that is used to find prime numbers ?
what is thought to have happened to the y. pestis that caused the black death ?
the art noveau style of glassware is represented by which two artists ?
who set up what became the second polish republic ?
what are the hairs on ctenophores called ?
what was the centrifugal governor incapable of doing ?
the brotherhood was the only opposition group in egypt able to do what during elections ?
his poem is considered the first kind of what type of protest ?
in what english colony were huguenot settlers promised land ?
how is winter weather in jacksonville described as ?
where did huguenots and walloons settle in england ?
what was hero of alexandria 's nationality ?
who was the duke in the battle of hastings ?
which group headlined the super bowl 50 halftime show ?
how many years had thomas davis played in the league when he broke his arm during the nfc championship game ?
what is the age range of most prostitutes in kenya ?
how often are elections held for the victorian parliament ?
what does the beroe do when pursuing prey ?
when was a part of grainger town destroyed ?
who received the pass that was ruled incomplete and confirmed after a challenge ?
what happens as they build phase 1 ?
what is an important catalyst of economic growth ?
where is bielany forest located ?
imperialism and colonialism both assert a states dominance over what ?
what term best describes southern california 's collection of landscapes ?
why has the rhine been shortened ?
what was the name of the tangut capital ?
what were the annual carriage fees for the channels ?
how many years was john fox the head coach of the denver broncos ?
what is an apicoplast ?
the rhine and what other river drained the northern flanks of the alps ?
who wrote " walking in fresno ? "
what are the largest objects in the v & a ceramics and glass collection ?
where was melanchthon at the time ?
what makes dna vulnerable to deamination ?
which neighborhood lies west of the 41 freeway ?
what are the sky q mini set top boxes able to connect to ?
on whose comments is the posting on the door based ?
what famous artist later further investigated philo 's experiments ?
what is the name of the supposition that any number larger than 2 can be represented as the sum of two primes ?
approximately how many items are in the glass collection of the v & a ?
where did temüjin hide during his escape from the tayichi'ud ?
what is it called when there is an active attempt to overthrow a government or belief system ?
which country had trading posts in india before britain ?
what did he find that could constitute a hazard ?
brownlee justifies civil disobedience toward what branch of the government ?
who caused the dissolution of the holy roman empire ?
2 differences betwen x.25 and arpnet cita technologies
what city is near a major statue of genghis khan ?
what pushed up the pyrenees ?
what have muslims praised hamas for doing ?
when did kublai ban the international mongol slave trade ?
what country has the most factories that pollute the rhine ?
telnet used what interface technology
concrete bounding of computation time frequently produces complexity classes contingent upon what ?
what group can amend the victorian constitution ?
what company was chosen to build an ac distribution system at niagara falls ?
how wide is the rhine in germany between emmrich and cleves ?
on what other calendar is luther commemorated ?
what is the chloroplast of dinophysis ?
what does umc stand for ?
what was constructed between 1978 and 1982 to link the henry cole wing to the rest of the museum ?
what did luther call the mass instead of sacrifice ?
how many metropolitan areas does southern california 's population encompass ?
how many projects does the centre currently realize a year ?
which institution did the v & a partnered with to open the first permanent architectural history gallery in the uk ?
which group did not agree to sign these agreements ?
how many naval bases are located in jacksonville ?
what two governors agreed to a truce to protect their young colonies ?
what is the yearly cost of some notable prep schools in new england ?
what team was the divisional round winner between the broncos and steelers ?
how high in altitude in feet could the vacuum chambers simulate ?
what south african vice consul did harvard students blockade the speech of ?
when did he first get out of bed following the accident ?
how many seasons did the bbc produce doctor who ?
who brought together the former rivals at the signing ceremony ?
who designed the möllendorff dinner service ?
what were steam engines used as a source of ?
what is the group called that does not agree with government at all ?
what other entity was established at the same time as the european convention on human rights ?
who else observed that luther view of souls was different form later views ?
what was tesla 's father 's name ?
when was the ipcc trust fund founded ?
where in australia is victoria located ?
on what date was oxygen liquefied in a stable form ?
what was the first steam powered device used commercially ?
what is the area called where two plates move apart ?
who became the king of the canary islands ?
which famous indian practiced civil disobedience ?
when did france and the dutch fight in the 17th century ?
who applies european union law ?
what is the most snow fresno has ever had ?
the uniflow engine is an attempt to fix an issue that arises in what cycle ?
what rank for most populous city in the european union does warsaw hold ?
what is one example of an instance that the quantitative answer to the traveling salesman problem fails to answer ?
when would a person be considered to be excising a constitutional impasse ?
from whom were the movement that eliot followed derived ?
the yuan was the first time all of china was ruled by whom ?
who sets the work agenda and allocates time in the chamber ?
what are the stages in a compound engine called ?
what is reduced by using plastid transformation for gene modification ?
who was limited by denver 's defense ?
what does the ipcc not do ?
how much of the protein products of transferred genes do n't go back to chloroplasts ?
abc created what company as a production company in response to fin-syn rules ?
what was left when engulfed algae was broken down ?
what two radio networks did rca own ?
when are recent episodes of abc shows typically made available on vod services ?
what can chloroplasts change into ?
what was the only comedy to earn a second season for the 2010-11 schedule ?
what was the seven years war ?
what future revolutionary key figures participated in this attack ?
in the layered model of the earth there are seismic discontinuities in which layer ?
when did tides and currents similar to our current system begin ?
which residents of bukhara were spared and sent back to mongolia ?
how much capital did uk law require to start a company ?
what organization runs the public schools in victoria ?
where do cryptophyte chloroplasts store starch ?
los angeles is in the lower part of what ?
who was the associate administrator that houbolt spoke with ?
how did celeron handle meeting with old briton ?
who helped develop the first man-made self-sustaining nuclear reaction ?
phagocytosis first evolved as means of doing what ?
which type of school has a closer teacher-child relationship ?
what is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states ?
what is the time rate of change of electric charge ?
who wanted to acquire patents an ac motor .
some people describe what between individuals or groups as imperialism or colonialism ?
how did mongol armies lure enemy groups out of their defensive positions ?
what was the primary race of students attending christian academies after the brown decision ?
what types of pharmacy functions have begun to be outsourced ?
how to baptized members become professing members ?
what did john dobson describe newcastle as ?
what is the name of the border to the south ?
what is the name of the host committee 's charitable initiative ?
in local alemannic dialect , what is the the singular form of the names of the islands formed by the rhine ?
how are the pyrenoid and thylakoids arranged ?
what form of oxygen do marine animals acquire in greater amounts during cooler climatic conditions ?
which court argued that the treaty of rome did not prevent energy nationalism ?
what two country 's referendums curtailed a constitution for europe ?
what is the estimated cost of the v & a branded gallery ?
how did the project encourage the commercialisation of legumes ?
which carolina panthers player was named most valuable player ?
where did maududi 's books place islam ?
in which year are the meissen vulture in the v & a collection dated ?
what other doctrines did luther disavow about saints ?
what type of heating element is often used in toy steam engines ?
from which period did the objects in the soulages collection come from ?
who is the only quarterback to win a super bowl with two teams ?
what is another name for the yosemite freeway ?
of what group in the periodic table is oxygen a member ?
what is one of the reason that us production has been held responsible for recessions and lower economic growth ?
how many games did the broncos lose during their regular 2015 season ?
when were the french wars of religion ?
french church street is in what irish town ?
how far west did the mongol empire extend after kuchlug 's demise ?
in 2007 , what was the high end of the salary range ?
what were blank spaces used for on nineteenth-century maps ?
what kind of committee considered legislation on the development of the edinburgh tram network ?
what was the building vacated twice to allow for ?
what does the acronym csm stand for ?
what is the name of one algorithm useful for conveniently testing the primality of large numbers ?
what did tesla 's design not need ?
there were many chinese with what unexpected status ?
how many chloroplast lineages are there ?
how long did julia butterfly hill live in a tree ?
before he died , what did tesla 's father ask him to do ?
what did the finding of gold in victoria cause ?
the art deco style of glassware is represented by which artist ?
what could inverted repeats help do ?
what catholic church liturgical belief did lortie criticize openly ?
what doctor who was written without doctor who in it ?
name an extra that was added to the production of the compacts .
how many people were registered to receive the hd service prior to launch ?
in what magazine did tesla talk about reflecting electricity off of submarine 's hulls ?
what were these indulgences supposed to grant the giver ?
when did general hospital begin airing ?
how frequent is snow in the southwest of the state ?
how many people do historians estimate genghis khan killed in the iranian plateau ?
how many bits are typically used in the primes for the diffie–hellman key exchange ?
in what year did joseph priestley recognize oxygen ?
what is the name of one type of prime where p+1 or p-1 takes a certain shape ?
according to tesla what had been gone over by the thieves , or spies who entered his room ?
when did the shah kingdom start to collapse ?
" bairn " and " hyem " have origins from what culture ?
why was the 36 acres leased ?
where did luther go on 17 july 1505 ?
when did this attempt take place ?
how old was tesla when he became a us citizen ?
where have some workers made more than $ 100,000 ?
how many passengers a year does the rail network in newcastle carry ?
what kind of gradients does cpdna have ?
how many did this epidemic in china kill ?
what is the chloroplast double membrane sometimes compared to ?
when did germany invade poland and in doing so start world war ii ?
who founded the ming dynasty ?
who approached the bbc in 1989 about relaunching the show ?
what years did the original doctor who series run ?
what was given as the cause of death ?
whose wall has fragments visible in places around newcastle even today ?
the complexity of problems often depends on what ?
in 1932 what was the rhine measurement changed to ?
what did the church do when luther refused to retract his writings ?
what did the apple system assign automatically
what coalition rose up to oppose louis xiv 's france ?
on some nights how late did tesla work until ?
under normal conditions , what do two atoms of oxygen form ?
who were the super bowl 50 sideline announcers ?
later chronicles of genghis khan 's death implicate a princess from what empire in his death ?
the west saw themselves as what compared to the east ?
when did arpnet and sita become operational
how many museums comprise harvard art museums ?
at what rank does gps per capita set victoria ?
what was required of huguenot children after the edict was revoked ?
how many huguenots emigrated to north america as colonists ?
what is the field of studying immunogenicity through bioinformatics known as ?
who challenged the plague theory first ?
in what year did doctor who begin being shown in hdtv ?
when did the san francisco bay area last host the super bowl ?
what are longer growth spells associated with ?
what contributed to the decreased inequality between trained and untrained workers ?
how many hymns of luther were included in the achtliederbuch ?
what signer of the articles of confederation was descended from huguenots ?
when did general hospital first debut on abc ?
other than the ijssel , where does the water from the pannerdens kanaal redsitrubute ?
what does isobaric mean ?
who transported tesla 's ashes from the us .
juvenile platyctenids act like what ?
who gave tesla money to go to prague ?
where did tesla work with edison ?
what did lady gaga sing ?
what does the inner mitochondria membrane do ?
what 's the party 's take on muslim history ?
what was the fort that was being built to be named ?
what do young ctenophores generaly look like ?
what does the replacement of the ticket machines and introduction of ticket gates herald the transition to ?
when did levi 's stadium open to the public ?
by 1897 , how much had tesla , brown , and peck received in royalties and licenses over the patents ?
what month is the warmest in fresno ?
what consortium was bskyb excluded from ?
it is now possible to convert old relative ages into what type of ages using isotopic dating ?
what kind of arches does norman architecture have ?
what is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in europe ?
where was the new media day event for super bowl 50 held ?
who was the most valuable player for the 2015 nfl season ?
what type of hypersensitivity is associated with allergies ?
what type of support does co-teaching provide ?
who did the peasants think luther would support an attack on ?
what is the name of the university 's summer festival ?
when did the university start having a bachelor 's degree program in cinema & media studies ?
what describes the proportionality of acceleration to force and mass ?
which nbc radio network was tasked with testing new programs ?
what is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey towards christian perfection ?
what , to luther had the church lost sight of ?
which male child of ghengis khan and börte was born last ?
which examples of fashion does the museum continue to acquire for its collection ?
when was europe fully forested and recovered from the last ice age ?
what do all member states agree takes precedence over national law ?
what sin were the leaders the extremists attacked guilty of ?
which british sculptor and a leading member of the new sculpture movement is represented in the the v & a collection ?
what concept was developed by baran while researching at rand
thousands of madrasahs spawned what organization ?
what did tesla do at his old school in 1879 ?
geographically speaking , where is california 's north - south midway point in terms of latitude ?
which group has two layers of cells with a middle layer of mesoglea ?
at what temperature do weak and electromagnetic forces appear the same ?
what was renumbered in newcastle upon completion of the western bypass ?
the prospect of what event compelled the protection of german private schools ?
what river does warsaw straddle ?
what put a hierarchical structure in place ?
in what years did the show see audiences as high as 12 million ?
economy , energy and tourism is one of the what ?
what magnitude of earthquake can many faults produce ?
the paintings donated by john sheepshanks were by artists of which nationality ?
how many muslim empires have used imperialism ?
where does the amazon region rate among the entire earth for its amount of biodiversity ?
which country faced a complete embargo in the eec ?
how many people were involved in the study ?
in what year did the first european travel the entire length of the amazon river ?
who was designated as the home team in the super bowl ?
during what time period did income inequality decrease in the united states ?
how much did disney sell it 's stake in eurosport for in 2000 ?
richard allen and absalom jones were licensed by what church ?
where is the z-ring ?
who was the medical report written for ?
who can enforce european union law ?
how many households had bskyb service in 1994 ?
a rug by which russian-born british designer is included in the v & a collection ?
what sorts of items are displayed in the esteve pharmacy museum ?
who is the museum named for ?
what is the process of removing trees from a forest known as ?
by what means were scientists able to liquefy air ?
when was johann tetzel sent by the roman catholic church to germany to sell indulgences ?
who was the male singer who performed as a special guest during super bowl 50 ?
how many white settlers were living in kenya in the 1950 's ?
in what century did important classical music developments occur in normandy ?
why was polonia relegated from the country 's top flight in 2013 ?
what entity was rumored to be sold by abc in between may and september 2005 ?
what is the most successful team sport in kenya ?
when was the ming dynasty in power ?
who received the first steam engine patent ?
what does the national museum boast having from adolf hitler 's private collection ?
who leads the islamic state ?
what did tesla establish following his colorado experiments ?
polynomial time reductions are an example of what ?
what is the name of the spiritual teacher in hinduism ?
who does the presiding officer submit the final bill to ?
when did he make the quoted remarks about super bowl 50 ?
what other role do many pharmacists play ?
other than its main central business district , where are the majority of san diego 's business districts located ?
who did the panthers beat in the divisional round ?
previous to isotopic dating sections of rocks had to be dated using fossils and stratigraphic correlation relative to what ?
what aspect of the economy did genghis khan exploit for intelligence gathering ?
what civilization was the first known to clearly study prime numbers ?
what is the present-day location of this church ?
in which year were rodin 's works given to the v & a ?
what are the two different types of immunity ?
who may teachers focus on , in order to prioritize attention ?
what does the average temperatures exceed in the summer ?
how are existing teachers and non-teachers vetted ?
what fields medal winning mathematician is a faculty member at harvard ?
who would the occupation alienate ?
what stadium did super bowl 50 take place in ?
what soap opera is currently featured in abc 's daytime programming ?
what magnetic and electric force acts on a charge ?
what are examples of differentiated effector cells that peak during wake periods ?
which regions have temperate climates ?
what modern city is located on the original huguenot colony ?
what is another term for university-preparatory schools ?
which full-sized model cars were not popular ?
when was san francisco voted to be the location for super bowl 50 ?
what problems did the yuan dynasty have near its end ?
what is the frequency of the radio station wbt in north carolina ?
what kind of economy did northern california start to grow in the 2000s ?
how did the yuan come to have the 4 schools of medicine ?
what party is president kibaki part of ?
why did the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church ?
what is the general perception of non-mongolian histories of genghis khan by mongolians themselves ?
what are the eight comb rows on the outer surface called ?
what was the age difference between newton and manning in super bowl 50 ?
what planet was named for a fly-by mission by an empty s-ivb ?
where do most plants have chloroplasts ?
the papers of which famous english victorian author are collected in the library ?
what was the uk governments benefits agenchy checking in 2012 ?
what should be the main goal of not using punishment in a just system ?
what kinds of pigments do rhodoplasts have ?
the huguenots were the first europeans to live in what modern new york borough ?
when did the english high court find microsoft 's use of the term " skydrive " infringed on sky 's right ?
from whom did the huguenots in south carolina purchase land from ?
what helped the lama determine to be reborn ?
where did the grand canal start ?
what archival system is used for all material at the national art library ?
when was marconi 's radio demonstration ?
which former referee served as an analyst for cbs ?
what did temüjin offer the people he conquered in order earn their loyalty ?
how much was the apollo project estimated to have cost from 1959 to 1973 , the length of the program ?
who objected to tetzel 's collections of money to free souls from purgatory ?
what are examples of the various religions of mongol tribes ?
when large groups of people all boycott a system or do n't pay taxes it can be considered ?
who formed the universal theory of gravitation ?
what was the the movement called that brought baltic countries independence from the soviet union ?
where is a teacher most likely to be teaching at ?
in organizing a new church , what did luther find to be unworkable for congregations ?
when has toyota said it will close its victoria plant ?
when did colonial governors meet with general edward braddock about attack on the french ?
when was mueller announced and appointed as deputy associate administrator ?
in addition to english , what language is also often taught in nepalese private schools ?
what did edison offer tesla after completing the project ?
what panther defender was called for holding on third down ?
where did kublai build his administration 's strength ?
when was warsaw ranked as the 32nd most liveable city in the world ?
what kind of war did luther support against the turks , even if he did not oppose a religious war ?
when was the color crimson adopted at harvard as official color ?
what type of delta is the rhine-meuse ?
what was warner sinback
what is the name of the stadium in san francisco bay area ?
what allows customers to get sky+ functions if they do not subscribe to bskyb 's channels ?
what did the loss mean to france ?
which nasa orbiter photographed evidence of each site on the moon that a manned apollo mission landing occurred ?
when did the bbc rebroadcast the first episode of doctor who ?
in order to better understand the orientations of faults and folds , structural geologists do what with measurements of geological structures ?
what is the power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant compared to that of an internal combustion engine ?
what will the output be for a member of the language of a decision problem ?
what did european empires rely on to supply them with resources ?
any subcontractor has a direct contractual relationship with who ?
what caused changes in the amazon rainforest vegetation ?
when was there a reduction in the number of scottish mps ?
who is a bill referred to for a ruling on whether it 's within the powers of the parliament ?
when was the basis for the social chapter developed ?
what was the name of the first german settlement ?
what else did pamela jelimo win after the olympics ?
how much did advertising revenue increase for abc between 1953 and 1958 ?
when did the launches of boilerplate csms occur in orbit ?
in 1992 , what percentage of east german students attended private schools ?
how long has the rhine coastline been in the same location ?
what company reached a deal to also stream its abc affiliates ?
who did carolina beat in the nfc championship game ?
in cases of shared physical medium how are they delivered
what was one of tesla 's books where articles can be read ?
what planet is doctor who from ?
what did artur oppman give to the world ?
over how many studies have shown that violence is more common in societies with income differences ?
what is a common occurrence during summer days ?
what is warsaw 's name in the polish language ?
what difficulties was shirly having ?
what scientist created the daleks , by mutation ?
pressures greater than what can lead to convulsions ?
what bbc radio station will carry the game in the united kingdom ?
what is the only district in the cbd to not have " downtown " in it 's name ?
what is the lowest ranking one of the counties could have in terms of most populous counties in the united states ?
along with private individuals and organizations , what groups sometimes runs ergänzungsschulen ?
when was the mausoleum returned to the lord 's enclosure in mongolia ?
when did the wahhabi seized the grand mosque in mecca ?
who named the apollo missions ?
