he had an older brother named dane and three sisters , milka , angelina and marica .
islamists have asked the question , " if islam is a way of life , how can we say that those who want to live by its principles in legal , social , political , economic , and political spheres of life are not muslims , but islamists and believe in islamism , not [ just ] islam ? "
this takes two forms , orientalism and tropicality .
teachers may provide instruction in literacy and numeracy , craftsmanship or vocational training , the arts , religion , civics , community roles , or life skills .
an individual may not sit in the scottish parliament if he or she is judged to be insane under the terms of the mental health ( care and treatment ) ( scotland ) act 2003 .
the g mission was achieved on apollo 11 in july 1969 by an all-gemini veteran crew consisting of neil armstrong , michael collins and buzz aldrin .
with the formation of the united methodist church in 1968 , theologian albert c. outler led the team which systematized denominational doctrine .
finally it spread to northwestern russia in 1351. the plague was somewhat less common in parts of europe that had smaller trade relations with their neighbours , including the kingdom of poland , the majority of the basque country , isolated parts of belgium and the netherlands , and isolated alpine villages throughout the continent .
their local rivals , polonia warsaw , have significantly fewer supporters , yet they managed to win ekstraklasa championship in 2000. they also won the country ’ s championship in 1946 , and won the cup twice as well .
among his criticisms , lindzen has stated that the wgi summary for policymakers ( spm ) does not faithfully summarize the full wgi report .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue .
a september 1565 french naval attack against the new spanish colony at st. augustine failed when its ships were hit by a hurricane on their way to the spanish encampment at fort matanzas .
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) .
luther 's hymns were included in early lutheran hymnals and spread the ideas of the reformation .
since then , and so far , general relativity has been acknowledged as the theory that best explains gravity .
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
in the view of luther 's biographer martin brecht , " giving confessional advice for philip of hesse was one of the worst mistakes luther made , and , next to the landgrave himself , who was directly responsible for it , history chiefly holds luther accountable " .
the education service contracting scheme of the government provides financial assistance for tuition and other school fees of students turned away from public high schools because of enrollment overflows .
teachers that spend more time interacting and working directly with students are perceived as supportive and effective teachers .
its substance was very similar to the proposed constitutional treaty , but it was formally an amending treaty , and – though it significantly altered the existing treaties – it did not completely replace them .
in 1749 the british government gave land to the ohio company of virginia for the purpose of developing trade and settlements in the ohio country .
in 1952 , following pressure from tesla 's nephew , sava kosanović , tesla 's entire estate was shipped to belgrade in 80 trunks marked n.t .
plants have two main immune responses—the hypersensitive response , in which infected cells seal themselves off and undergo programmed cell death , and systemic acquired resistance , where infected cells release signals warning the rest of the plant of a pathogen 's presence .
however , kublai rejected plans to revive the confucian imperial examinations and divided yuan society into three , later four , classes with the han chinese occupying the lowest rank .
tesla would telephone his dinner order to the headwaiter , who also could be the only one to serve him .
the plan is expected to take about ten years and was started in 2002. to date several galleries have been redesigned , notably , in 2002 : the main silver gallery , contemporary ; in 2003 : photography , the main entrance , the painting galleries ; in 2004 : the tunnel to the subway leading to south kensington tube station , new signage throughout the museum , architecture , v & a and riba reading rooms and stores , metalware , members ' room , contemporary glass , the gilbert bayes sculpture gallery ; in 2005 : portrait miniatures , prints and drawings , displays in room 117 , the garden , sacred silver and stained glass ; in 2006 : central hall shop , islamic middle east , the new café , sculpture galleries .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
previously , geologists could only use fossils and stratigraphic correlation to date sections of rock relative to one another .
warsaw 's name in the polish language is warszawa , approximately /vɑːrˈʃɑːvə/ ( also formerly spelled warszewa and warszowa ) , meaning " belonging to warsz " , warsz being a shortened form of the masculine name of slavic origin warcisław ; see also etymology of wrocław .
as such , the united methodist church established and is affiliated with around one hundred colleges and universities in the united states , including syracuse university , boston university , emory university , duke university , drew university , university of denver , university of evansville , and southern methodist university .
john rawls argued in a theory of justice that inequalities in the distribution of wealth are only justified when they improve society as a whole , including the poorest members .
first , in choosing violence over lawful submission to the secular government , they were ignoring christ 's counsel to " render unto caesar the things that are caesar 's " ; st. paul had written in his epistle to the romans 13:1–7 that all authorities are appointed by god and therefore should not be resisted .
prime numbers are also used for hash tables and pseudorandom number generators .
before genghis khan died , he assigned ögedei khan as his successor and split his empire into khanates among his sons and grandsons .
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk .
huguenot refugees flocked to shoreditch , london .
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times .
for every 100 females there were 94.1 males .
construction starts with planning , [ citation needed ] design , and financing and continues until the project is built and ready for use .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
an important decision for civil disobedients is whether or not to plead guilty .
by the end of his life , the mongol empire occupied a substantial portion of central asia and china .
proceedings are also recorded in text form , in print and online , in the official report , which is the substantially verbatim transcript of parliamentary debates .
trioxygen ( o 3 ) is usually known as ozone and is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue .
today , justifying grace is also known as conversion , " accepting jesus as your personal lord and savior , " or being " born again " .
the contemporary flooded terrace still has visible valleys and ground depressions with water systems coming from the vistula old – riverbed .
the river length is significantly shortened from the river 's natural course due to number of canalisation projects completed in the 19th and 20th century .
employers who offer a below market wage will find that their business is chronically understaffed .
instead of providing stable rules that support basic research while leaving plenty of scope for entrepreneurship and innovation , congresses and presidents have repeatedly backed policies which promise solutions that are politically expedient , but whose prospects are doubtful .
chicago 's physics department helped develop the world 's first man-made , self-sustaining nuclear reaction beneath the university 's stagg field .
coincidentally , both teams were coached by john fox in their last super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 .
it extended its operations to television in 1948 , following in the footsteps of established broadcast networks cbs and nbc .
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism .
following a referendum in 1997 , in which the scottish electorate voted for devolution , the current parliament was convened by the scotland act 1998 , which sets out its powers as a devolved legislature .
other predecessors of the reformed church included the pro-reform and gallican roman catholics , such as jacques lefevre ( c. 1455–1536 ) .
the jameel gallery of islamic art , opened in 2006 , houses a representative display of 400 objects with the highlight being the ardabil carpet , the centrepiece of the gallery .
warsaw ( polish : warszawa [ varˈʂava ] ( listen ) ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland .
however , the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... diverges ( i.e. , exceeds any given number ) , so there must be infinitely many primes .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
a study by the american association of university women reported that 9.6 % of students in the united states claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education ; be they a volunteer , bus driver , teacher , administrator or other adult ; sometime during their educational career .
tesla described the weapon as capable of being used against ground-based infantry or for anti-aircraft purposes .
for certain physical scenarios , it is impossible to model forces as being due to gradient of potentials .
europe 's expansion into territorial imperialism was largely focused on economic growth by collecting resources from colonies , in combination with assuming political control by military and political means .
on 1 august 1521 , luther wrote to melanchthon on the same theme : " be a sinner , and let your sins be strong , but let your trust in christ be stronger , and rejoice in christ who is the victor over sin , death , and the world .
because oil was priced in dollars , oil producers ' real income decreased .
their chief role in the series plot , as they frequently remark in their instantly recognisable metallic voices , is to " exterminate " all non-dalek beings .
the panthers line also featured veteran defensive end jared allen , a 5-time pro bowler who was the nfl 's active career sack leader with 136 , along with defensive end kony ealy , who had 5 sacks in just 9 starts .
oxygen gas can also be produced through electrolysis of water into molecular oxygen and hydrogen .
the winning episodes were " the empty child " / " the doctor dances " ( 2006 ) , " the girl in the fireplace " ( 2007 ) , " blink " ( 2008 ) , " the waters of mars " ( 2010 ) , " the pandorica opens " / " the big bang " ( 2011 ) , and " the doctor 's wife " ( 2012 ) .
the 2013 series destiny of the doctor , produced as part of the series ' 50th anniversary celebrations , marked the first time big finish created stories ( in this case audiobooks ) featuring the doctors from the revived show .
there have been debates as to whether civil disobedience must necessarily be non-violent .
combustion hazards also apply to compounds of oxygen with a high oxidative potential , such as peroxides , chlorates , nitrates , perchlorates , and dichromates because they can donate oxygen to a fire .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
folklore says that a river was diverted over his grave to make it impossible to find ( the same manner of burial as the sumerian king gilgamesh of uruk and atilla the hun ) .
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102. cornerbacks aqib talib ( three interceptions ) and chris harris , jr. ( two interceptions ) were the other two pro bowl selections from the defense .
tumor antigens are presented on mhc class i molecules in a similar way to viral antigens .
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig .
it was demolished to make way for grey street , where its replacement was built .
he suffered a peculiar affliction in which blinding flashes of light would appear before his eyes , often accompanied by visions .
the european court of justice is the highest court able to interpret european union law .
if a problem x is in c and hard for c , then x is said to be complete for c. this means that x is the hardest problem in c. ( since many problems could be equally hard , one might say that x is one of the hardest problems in c. ) thus the class of np-complete problems contains the most difficult problems in np , in the sense that they are the ones most likely not to be in p. because the problem p = np is not solved , being able to reduce a known np-complete problem , π2 , to another problem , π1 , would indicate that there is no known polynomial-time solution for π1 .
many of these pharmacies are similar to community pharmacies , and in fact , many of them are actually operated by brick-and-mortar community pharmacies that serve consumers online and those that walk in their door .
glucocorticoids are the most powerful of these drugs ; however , these drugs can have many undesirable side effects , such as central obesity , hyperglycemia , osteoporosis , and their use must be tightly controlled .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
[ citation needed ] a group of huguenots was part of the french colonisers who arrived in brazil in 1555 to found france antarctique .
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water .
the 2009 event will be in the norman foster designed sage gateshead music and arts centre in september .
doctor who also spawned spin-offs in multiple media , including torchwood ( 2006–2011 ) and the sarah jane adventures ( 2007–2011 ) , both created by russell t davies ; k-9 ( 2009–2010 ) ; and a single pilot episode of k-9 and company ( 1981 ) .
when a t-cell encounters a foreign pathogen , it extends a vitamin d receptor .
the united methodist church has since 1985 been exploring a possible merger with three historically african-american methodist denominations : the african methodist episcopal church , the african methodist episcopal zion church , and the christian methodist episcopal church .
this decreed that it would be occupied by the allies , until 1935 and after that , it would be a demilitarised zone , with the german army forbidden to enter .
tesla 's legacy has endured in books , films , radio , tv , music , live theater , comics and video games .
the cjeu 's duty is to " ensure that in the interpretation and application of the treaties the law is observed " , although realistically it has the ability to expand and develop the law according to the principles it deems to be appropriate .
during the protestant reformation , lefevre , a professor at the university of paris , published his french translation of the new testament in 1523 , followed by the whole bible in the french language in 1530. william farel was a student of lefevre who went on to become a leader of the swiss reformation , establishing a protestant government in geneva .
in his later years , luther grew more hostile toward the jews , writing against them with the kind of venom he had already unleashed on the anabaptists , zwinglianism , and the papacy .
a natural number greater than 1 that is not a prime number is called a composite number .
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs .
the university partially manages argonne national laboratory , part of the united states department of energy 's national laboratory system , and has a joint stake in fermilab , a nearby particle physics laboratory , as well as a stake in the apache point observatory in sunspot , new mexico .
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer .
in particular , it has consistently topped the academic ranking of world universities ( arwu ) since 2003 , and the the world reputation rankings since 2011 , when the first time such league tables were published .
torque is the rotation equivalent of force in the same way that angle is the rotational equivalent for position , angular velocity for velocity , and angular momentum for momentum .
in his extensively detailed report , céloron wrote , " all i can say is that the natives of these localities are very badly disposed towards the french , and are entirely devoted to the english .
as a result , by 1206 temüjin had managed to unite or subdue the merkits , naimans , mongols , keraites , tatars , uyghurs , and other disparate smaller tribes under his rule .
although imperialism and colonialism focus on the suppression of an other , if colonialism refers to the process of a country taking physical control of another , imperialism refers to the political and monetary dominance , either formally or informally .
prominent examination boards that are present in multiple states are the cbse and the cisce , nenbse
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time .
to measure the difficulty of solving a computational problem , one may wish to see how much time the best algorithm requires to solve the problem .
bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlviii halftime show , and mark ronson also performed .
the first geological map of the u.s. was produced in 1809 by william maclure .
with two-cylinder compounds used in railway work , the pistons are connected to the cranks as with a two-cylinder simple at 90° out of phase with each other ( quartered ) .
a public library is seen as a peoples university since it is open to all irrespective of age , literacy level and has materials relevant to people of all walks of life .
in the years after these rumors , neither tesla nor edison won the prize ( although edison did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1915 and tesla did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1937 ) .
in may 2000 , the parliament was temporarily relocated to the former strathclyde regional council debating chamber in glasgow , and to the university of aberdeen in may 2002 .
in particular , it has consistently topped the academic ranking of world universities ( arwu ) since 2003 , and the the world reputation rankings since 2011 , when the first time such league tables were published .
in the early 18th century , a regional group known as the camisards who were huguenots rioted against the catholic church in the region , burning churches and killing clergy .
warsaw ’ s municipal government authorities have decided to rebuild the saxon palace and the brühl palace , the most distinctive buildings in prewar warsaw .
temüjin had three brothers named hasar , hachiun , and temüge , and one sister named temülen , as well as two half-brothers named begter and belgutei .
he read many books while in tomingaj , and later said that mark twain 's works had helped him to miraculously recover from his earlier illness .
as the speed grew , it is said that the machine oscillated at the resonance frequency of his own building and , belatedly realizing the danger , he was forced to use a sledge hammer to terminate the experiment , just as the police arrived .
hospital pharmacies usually stock a larger range of medications , including more specialized medications , than would be feasible in the community setting .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
in 2006 , unicef estimated that up to 30 % of girls in the coastal areas of malindi , mombasa , kilifi , and diani were subject to prostitution .
under the deal , the president would appoint cabinet ministers from both pnu and odm camps depending on each party 's strength in parliament .
two tourist railways operate over 760 mm ( 2 ft 6 in ) narrow gauge lines , which are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines which were built in mountainous areas .
parliament elections , take place every five years , and votes for members of the european parliament in member states must be organised by proportional representation or a single transferable vote .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
the newcastle beer festival , organized by camra , takes place in april .
their behavior is strongly influenced by environmental factors like light color and intensity .
the term annual conference is often used to refer to the geographical area it covers as well as the frequency of meeting .
a fine tribute to the fall of warsaw and history of poland can be found in the warsaw uprising museum and in the katyń museum which preserves the memory of the crime .
an old , ill man can not earn as much as a healthy young man ; gender roles and customs may prevent a woman from receiving an education or working outside the home .
several prominent german military , cultural , and political figures were ethnic huguenot , including poet theodor fontane , general hermann von françois , the hero of the first world war battle of tannenberg , luftwaffe general and fighter ace adolf galland , luftwaffe flying ace hans-joachim marseille , and famed u-boat captain lothar von arnauld de la perière .
significant huguenot settlements were in dublin , cork , portarlington , lisburn , waterford and youghal .
the islamist groups like hezbollah in lebanon and hamas in palestine participate in democratic and political process as well as armed attacks , seeking to abolish the state of israel .
when coal is used , a chain or screw stoking mechanism and its drive engine or motor may be included to move the fuel from a supply bin ( bunker ) to the firebox .
common autoimmune diseases include hashimoto 's thyroiditis , rheumatoid arthritis , diabetes mellitus type 1 , and systemic lupus erythematosus .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
a new jewellery gallery , funded by william and judith bollinger , opened on 24 may 2008 .
for example , a non-deterministic turing machine is a computational model that is allowed to branch out to check many different possibilities at once .
temüjin was probably born in 1162 in delüün boldog , near burkhan khaldun mountain and the onon and kherlen rivers in modern-day northern mongolia , not far from the current capital ulaanbaatar .
students graduating in the top 4–5 % of the class are awarded degrees summa cum laude , students in the next 15 % of the class are awarded magna cum laude , and the next 30 % of the class are awarded cum laude .
plastoglobuli were once thought to be free-floating in the stroma , but it is now thought that they are permanently attached either to a thylakoid or to another plastoglobulus attached to a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
in 1767 political activity caused exploitation of the east india company causing the plundering of the local economy , almost bringing the company into bankruptcy .
in order to rectify this situation , socialists argue that the means of production should be socially owned so that income differentials would be reflective of individual contributions to the social product .
lindisfarne are a folk-rock group with a strong tyneside connection .
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285. thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307. temür khan decided to maintain and continue much of the work begun by his grandfather .
for example , derrick norman lehmer 's list of primes up to 10,006,721 , reprinted as late as 1956 , started with 1 as its first prime .
a different arrangement was recorded by peter howell for season 18 ( 1980 ) , which was in turn replaced by dominic glynn 's arrangement for the season-long serial the trial of a time lord in season 23 ( 1986 ) .
the most ambitious plan called for using an empty s-ivb as an interplanetary spacecraft for a venus fly-by mission .
the most significant buildings are st. john 's cathedral ( 14th century ) , the temple is a typical example of the so-called masovian gothic style , st. mary 's church ( 1411 ) , a town house of burbach family ( 14th century ) , gunpowder tower ( after 1379 ) and the royal castle curia maior ( 1407–1410 ) .
the world price , which had peaked during the 1979 energy crisis at nearly $ 40 per barrel , decreased during the 1980s to less than $ 10 per barrel .
the modern trend in design is toward integration of previously separated specialties , especially among large firms .
when the double expansion group is duplicated , producing a 4-cylinder compound , the individual pistons within the group are usually balanced at 180° , the groups being set at 90° to each other .
in europe there are old pharmacies still operating in dubrovnik , croatia , located inside the franciscan monastery , opened in 1317 ; and in the town hall square of tallinn , estonia , dating from at least 1422. the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum .
thomas sowell , in his book knowledge and decisions , claims that this difference is due to women not taking jobs due to marriage or pregnancy , but income studies show that that does not explain the entire difference .
in the story , the doctor ( rowan atkinson ) encounters both the master ( jonathan pryce ) and the daleks .
a small fraction of the flow is diverted off the island of mainau into lake überlingen .
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story .
tesla never married ; he said his chastity was very helpful to his scientific abilities .
the university experienced its share of student unrest during the 1960s , beginning in 1962 , when students occupied president george beadle 's office in a protest over the university 's off-campus rental policies .
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball .
with its outstanding architectural monuments , the slopes full of vines , settlements crowded on the narrow river banks and scores of castles lined up along the top of the steep slopes , the middle rhine valley can be considered the epitome of the rhine romanticism .
each packet is labeled with a destination address , source address , and port numbers . it may also be labeled with the sequence number of the packet .
uk law only required £1 of capital to start a company , while denmark 's legislature took the view companies should only be started up if they had 200,000 danish krone ( around €27,000 ) to protect creditors if the company failed and went insolvent .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
oxygen was discovered independently by carl wilhelm scheele , in uppsala , in 1773 or earlier , and joseph priestley in wiltshire , in 1774 , but priestley is often given priority because his work was published first .
the snp took a further eight seats from the liberal democrats and one seat from the conservatives .
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms .
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) .
other arguments include the lack of accounts of the death of rats before outbreaks of plague between the 14th and 17th centuries ; temperatures that are too cold in northern europe for the survival of fleas ; that , despite primitive transport systems , the spread of the black death was much faster than that of modern bubonic plague ; that mortality rates of the black death appear to be very high ; that , while modern bubonic plague is largely endemic as a rural disease , the black death indiscriminately struck urban and rural areas ; and that the pattern of the black death , with major outbreaks in the same areas separated by 5 to 15 years , differs from modern bubonic plague—which often becomes endemic for decades with annual flare-ups .
his father arranged a marriage for him , and at nine years of age he was delivered by his father to the family of his future wife börte , who was a member of the tribe khongirad .
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp .
the melbourne cricket ground is the largest stadium in australia , and the host of the 1956 summer olympics and the 2006 commonwealth games .
the normans ( norman : nourmands ; french : normands ; latin : normanni ) were the people who in the 10th and 11th centuries gave their name to normandy , a region in france .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across .
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
he became convinced that the church was corrupt in its ways and had lost sight of what he saw as several of the central truths of christianity .
his large body also let the viewer know that he did not shun earthly pleasures like drinking—behavior that was a stark contrast to the ascetic life of the medieval religious orders .
temüjin was probably born in 1162 in delüün boldog , near burkhan khaldun mountain and the onon and kherlen rivers in modern-day northern mongolia , not far from the current capital ulaanbaatar .
second , as a person ages the skin becomes less adept at producing vitamin d .
the most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer n is called trial division .
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration .
it became one of the 100 foundational texts of the us library of congress .
the tapestry collection includes a fragment of the cloth of st gereon , the oldest known surviving european tapestry .
the initial 235 acres ( 0.95 km2 ) , combined with additional acres acquired later by the city , brings the park to a sizable 300 acres ( 1.2 km2 ) .
after the revocation of the edict of nantes in 1685 , several huguenot families of norman and carolingian nobility and descent , including edmund bohun of suffolk england from the humphrey de bohun line of french royalty descended from charlemagne , jean postell of dieppe france , alexander pepin , antoine poitevin of orsement france , and jacques de bordeaux of grenoble , immigrated to the charleston orange district .
luther journeyed to mansfeld twice in late 1545 to participate in the negotiations for a settlement , and a third visit was needed in early 1546 for their completion .
in 1952 , when the release of the fcc 's sixth report and order announced the end of its freeze on new station license applications , among the issues the commission was slated to address was whether to approve the upt-abc merger .
because it expressed essential reformation doctrine , this expanded version of " aus tiefer not " was designated as a regular component of several regional lutheran liturgies and was widely used at funerals , including luther 's own .
following the series revival in 2005 , derek jacobi provided the character 's re-introduction in the 2007 episode " utopia " .
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example .
they eventually forced tesla out leaving him penniless .
the non-deterministic turing machine has very little to do with how we physically want to compute algorithms , but its branching exactly captures many of the mathematical models we want to analyze , so that non-deterministic time is a very important resource in analyzing computational problems .
legislative changes are recorded in the book of discipline which is revised after each general conference .
reactive oxygen species , such as superoxide ion ( o− 2 ) and hydrogen peroxide ( h 2o 2 ) , are dangerous by-products of oxygen use in organisms .
doctor who fandom has also been lampooned on programs such as saturday night live , the chaser 's war on everything , mystery science theater 3000 , family guy , american dad ! , futurama , south park , community as inspector spacetime , the simpsons and the big bang theory .
a key difference between the government and private schools is that the medium of education in private schools is english while it is the local language in government schools .
the individual is the final judge of right and wrong .
the european commission has the initiative to propose legislation .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
it is often found in the chloroplasts of c4 plants , though it has also been found in some c3 angiosperms , and even some gymnosperms .
like much of the south atlantic region of the united states , jacksonville has a humid subtropical climate ( köppen cfa ) , with mild weather during winters and hot and humid weather during summers .
harvard college accepted 5.3 % of applicants for the class of 2019 , a record low and the second lowest acceptance rate among all national universities .
in one of the richest agricultural regions in the u.s. , cattle and citrus were major industries until farmlands were turned into suburbs .
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest .
the bbc 's unnatural histories presented evidence that the amazon rainforest , rather than being a pristine wilderness , has been shaped by man for at least 11,000 years through practices such as forest gardening and terra preta .
at state level , the parliament of victoria consists of the legislative assembly ( the lower house ) and the legislative council ( the upper house ) .
french regular army reinforcements arrived in new france in may 1756 , led by major general louis-joseph de montcalm and seconded by the chevalier de lévis and colonel françois-charles de bourlamaque , all experienced veterans from the war of the austrian succession .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor .
zhèng ( chinese : 正 ) meaning " right " , " just " , or " true " , would have received the mongolian adjectival modifier -s , creating " jenggis " , which in medieval romanization would be written " genghis " .
genghis khan was aware of the friction between his sons ( particularly between chagatai and jochi ) and worried of possible conflict between them if he died .
he also noted that the tin had increased in weight and that increase was the same as the weight of the air that rushed back in .
a procedural consequence of the establishment of the scottish parliament is that scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons are able to vote on domestic legislation that applies only to england , wales and northern ireland – whilst english , scottish , welsh and northern irish westminster mps are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the scottish parliament .
he was made to wake at four every morning for what has been described as " a day of rote learning and often wearying spiritual exercises . "
thunder from the released energy was heard 15 miles away in cripple creek , colorado .
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity .
for many geologic applications , isotope ratios of radioactive elements are measured in minerals that give the amount of time that has passed since a rock passed through its particular closure temperature , the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice .
the maroons compete in the ncaa 's division iii as members of the university athletic association ( uaa ) .
between bearing six children , hans – june 1526 ; elizabeth – 10 december 1527 , who died within a few months ; magdalene – 1529 , who died in luther 's arms in 1542 ; martin – 1531 ; paul – january 1533 ; and margaret – 1534 ; katharina helped the couple earn a living by farming the land and taking in boarders .
the three-stage saturn v was designed to send a fully fueled csm and lm to the moon .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
galileo concluded that motion in a constant velocity was completely equivalent to rest .
the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience took place during the roman empire [ citation needed ] .
the city leaders opened the gates to the mongols , though a unit of turkish defenders held the city 's citadel for another twelve days .
peter davison , colin baker and sylvester mccoy appeared together in the 1999 audio adventure the sirens of time .
sudden cabin pressure loss activates chemical oxygen generators above each seat , causing oxygen masks to drop .
it estimated that if the average united states worker had completed just one more year of school , it would add an additional $ 105 billion in growth to the country 's economy over five years .
wild designed the impressive staircase that rises the full height of the building , made from cadeby stone the steps are 7 feet ( 2.1 m ) in length , the balustrades and columns are portland stone .
overall , between 1992 and 2008 the percent of pupils in such schools in germany increased from 6.1 % to 7.8 % ( including rise from 0.5 % to 6.1 % in the former gdr ) .
following the nice treaty , there was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the european union and make it more transparent ; this would have also produced a single constitutional document .
european chemists made deadly explosives that could be used in combat , and with innovations in machinery they were able to manufacture improved firearms .
the textbook examples are cydippids with egg-shaped bodies and a pair of retractable tentacles fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) that are covered with colloblasts , sticky cells that capture prey .
2002 saw the debut of the network 's first hit reality series , the bachelor ( the elimination-style dating show 's success led to a spinoff , the bachelorette , which premiered the following year , as well as two additional spinoffs that later debuted in the early 2010s ) .
it stands on the vistula river in east-central poland , roughly 260 kilometres ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea and 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains .
temperature extremes recorded at newcastle weather centre include 32.5 °c ( 90.5 °f ) during august 1990 down to −12.6 °c ( 9.3 °f ) during january 1982. in contrast to other areas influenced by the gulf stream , such as inland scandinavia , newcastle has milder winters and cooler summers , similar to the remainder of the british isles .
july is the warmest month , averaging 83.0 °f ( 28.3 °c ) ; normally , there are 32 days of 100 °f ( 37.8 °c ) + highs and 106 days of 90 °f ( 32.2 °c ) + highs , and in july and august , there are only three or four days where the high does not reach 90 °f ( 32.2 °c ) .
one of the most famous people born in warsaw was maria skłodowska-curie , who achieved international recognition for her research on radioactivity and was the first female recipient of the nobel prize .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
it is likely that a multicomponent , adaptive immune system arose with the first vertebrates , as invertebrates do not generate lymphocytes or an antibody-based humoral response .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
finding oil and developing new fields usually required five to ten years before significant production .
johann von staupitz , his superior , pointed luther 's mind away from continual reflection upon his sins toward the merits of christ .
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
it is still used to a significant ( though declining ) degree in some public schools in alabama , arkansas , georgia , louisiana , mississippi , oklahoma , tennessee and texas .
most of these schools are vocational schools .
philo incorrectly surmised that parts of the air in the vessel were converted into the classical element fire and thus were able to escape through pores in the glass .
from opposite sides of the body extends a pair of long , slender tentacles , each housed in a sheath into which it can be withdrawn .
before world war i , tesla sought overseas investors .
there have been over fifty studies showing tendencies for violence to be more common in societies where income differences are larger .
the main elements of this rift are the upper rhine graben , in southwest germany and eastern france and the lower rhine embayment , in northwest germany and the southeastern netherlands .
the statocyst is protected by a transparent dome made of long , immobile cilia .
based on principles laid out by william smith almost a hundred years before the publication of charles darwin 's theory of evolution , the principles of succession were developed independently of evolutionary thought .
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library .
currently , brazil is the second-largest global producer of soybeans after the united states .
in response to american aid to israel , on october 16 , 1973 , opec raised the posted price of oil by 70 % , to $ 5.11 a barrel .
a problem x is hard for a class of problems c if every problem in c can be reduced to x. thus no problem in c is harder than x , since an algorithm for x allows us to solve any problem in c. of course , the notion of hard problems depends on the type of reduction being used .
abc became an aggressive competitor to nbc and cbs when , continuing nbc blue 's traditions of public service , it aired symphony performances conducted by paul whiteman , performances from the metropolitan opera , and jazz concerts aired as part of its broadcast of the chamber music society of lower basin street announced by milton cross .
it was conducted from 28 january to 25 may 1521 , with emperor charles v presiding .
gothic architecture is represented in the majestic churches but also at the burgher houses and fortifications .
without the pressure reaching supercritical levels for the working fluid , the temperature range the cycle can operate over is quite small ; in steam turbines , turbine entry temperatures are typically 565 °c ( the creep limit of stainless steel ) and condenser temperatures are around 30 °c .
soon there was a store around the station and the store grew the town of fresno station , later called fresno .
in 1957 , abc entertainment president ollie treiz discovered that the locally produced variety show bandstand had pulled very strong ratings in the philadelphia market on wfil-tv ; treiz ultimately negotiated a deal to take the show national , under the revised title american bandstand ; the show quickly became a social phenomenon by presenting new musical talent and dances to america 's youth and helped make a star out of its host , dick clark .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
aristotle provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force as an integral part of aristotelian cosmology .
in 2010 , the eleventh doctor similarly calls himself " the eleventh " in " the lodger " .
the fort was destroyed in 1560 by the portuguese , who captured part of the huguenots .
:110 he was quick to criticize clothing ; on several occasions , tesla directed a subordinate to go home and change her dress .
in their only other super bowl win in super bowl xxxii , denver wore blue jerseys , which was their primary color at the time .
detailed investigation of chum salmon , oncorhynchus keta , showed that these fish digest ctenophores 20 times as fast as an equal weight of shrimps , and that ctenophores can provide a good diet if there are enough of them around .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
warsaw is located on two main geomorphologic formations : the plain moraine plateau and the vistula valley with its asymmetrical pattern of different terraces .
his records indicate that the device is based on a narrow stream of small tungsten pellets that are accelerated via high voltage ( by means akin to his magnifying transformer ) .
westinghouse also hired tesla for one year for the large fee of $ 2,000 ( $ 52,700 in today 's dollars ) per month to be a consultant at the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company 's pittsburgh labs .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
the logo is displayed on-air , online and in print advertising in four variants shading the respective color used with the circle design 's native black coloring : a gold version is primarily used on entertainment-oriented outlets ( such as abc.com , watch abc , and by abc studios ) and the on-screen bug ; steel blue and dark grey versions are used primarily by abc news ; a red version is used for espn on abc , while all four variants are used selectively in advertising and by affiliates .
in december 1966 , the as-205 mission was canceled , since the validation of the csm would be accomplished on the 14-day first flight , and as-205 would have been devoted to space experiments and contribute no new engineering knowledge about the spacecraft .
in 2008 , the university of chicago announced plans to establish the milton friedman institute which attracted both support and controversy from faculty members and students .
he had to work at various electrical repair jobs and even as a ditch digger for $ 2 per day .
in the laboratory , stratigraphers analyze samples of stratigraphic sections that can be returned from the field , such as those from drill cores .
in 1927 a zoological garden ( ogród zoologiczny ) was established on the park grounds , and in 1952 a bear run , still open today .
during his employment , tesla made many improvements to the central station equipment and claimed to have perfected a telephone repeater or amplifier , which was never patented nor publicly described .
the command module pilot was gemini veteran richard f. gordon , jr. conrad and bean carried the first lunar surface color television camera , but it was damaged when accidentally pointed into the sun .
however , these characteristics actually result from the pauli exclusion principle .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
the central highlands were already home to over a million members of the kikuyu people , most of whom had no land claims in european terms and lived as itinerant farmers .
his theology challenged the authority and office of the pope by teaching that the bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge from god and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all baptized christians to be a holy priesthood .
the " combs " ( also called " ctenes " or " comb plates " ) run across each row , and each consists of thousands of unusually long cilia , up to 2 millimeters ( 0.079 in ) .
[ citation needed ] although imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years , the term " age of imperialism " generally refers to the activities of european powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century , for example , the " the great game " in persian lands , the " scramble for africa " and the " open door policy " in china .
for many native populations , the elimination of french power in north america meant the disappearance of a strong ally and counterweight to british expansion , leading to their ultimate dispossession .
cost of construction on a per square meter ( or per square foot ) basis for houses can vary dramatically based on site conditions , local regulations , economies of scale ( custom designed homes are often more expensive to build ) and the availability of skilled tradespeople .
the programme was relaunched in 2005 by russell t davies , who was showrunner and head writer for the first five years of its revival , produced in-house by bbc wales in cardiff .
they spread a unique romanesque idiom to england and italy , and the encastellation of these regions with keeps in their north french style fundamentally altered the military landscape .
in his travels to egypt , afghanistan , palestine and syria , he promoted ideas of greater islamic political co-operation and unity , calling for the shedding of nationalist differences .
one theory suggests the name stems from a palatalised version of the mongolian and turkic word tenggis , meaning " ocean " , " oceanic " or " wide-spreading " .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
in 1974 the museum had acquired what is now the henry cole wing from the royal college of science .
in 1201 , a khuruldai elected jamukha as gür khan , " universal ruler " , a title used by the rulers of the qara khitai .
the rhine is the longest river in germany .
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
however , there was a riot at buckland valley near bright in 1857. conditions on the gold fields were cramped and unsanitary ; an outbreak of typhoid at buckland valley in 1854 killed over 1,000 miners .
in 2000 , doctor who was ranked third in a list of the 100 greatest british television programmes of the 20th century , produced by the british film institute and voted on by industry professionals .
some huguenots fought in the low countries alongside the dutch against spain during the first years of the dutch revolt ( 1568–1609 ) .
this and other observations of acquired immunity were later exploited by louis pasteur in his development of vaccination and his proposed germ theory of disease .
extension causes the rock units as a whole to become longer and thinner .
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials .
although the mongols had ruled territories including today 's north china for decades , it was not until 1271 that kublai khan officially proclaimed the dynasty in the traditional chinese style .
the construction of delta works changed the delta in the second half of the 20th century fundamentally .
cbc began airing series two on 9 october 2006 at 20:00 e/p ( 20:30 in newfoundland and labrador ) , shortly after that day 's cfl double header on thanksgiving in most of the country .
like other 'unconventional ' t cell subsets bearing invariant tcrs , such as cd1d-restricted natural killer t cells , γδ t cells straddle the border between innate and adaptive immunity .
many scholars arguing for the y. pestis as the major agent of the pandemic suggest that its extent and symptoms can be explained by a combination of bubonic plague with other diseases , including typhus , smallpox and respiratory infections .
compact trucks were introduced , such as the toyota hilux and the datsun truck , followed by the mazda truck ( sold as the ford courier ) , and the isuzu-built chevrolet luv .
the crew of apollo 8 sent the first live televised pictures of the earth and the moon back to earth , and read from the creation story in the book of genesis , on christmas eve , 1968. an estimated one-quarter of the population of the world saw—either live or delayed—the christmas eve transmission during the ninth orbit of the moon .
nor is such a usage of culture recent , as part of roman imperialism local elites would be exposed to the benefits and luxuries of roman culture and lifestyle , with the aim that they would then become willing participants .
in 1999 , another special , doctor who and the curse of fatal death , was made for comic relief and later released on vhs .
the debating chamber of the scottish parliament has seating arranged in a hemicycle , which reflects the desire to encourage consensus amongst elected members .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
kenya covers 581,309 km2 ( 224,445 sq mi ) , and had a population of approximately 45 million people in july 2014 .
wesleyan theology stands at a unique cross-roads between evangelical and sacramental , between liturgical and charismatic , and between anglo-catholic and reformed theology and practice .
in 1932 the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon stated the length as 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , presumably a typographical error .
john houghton , who was a co-chair of tar wgi , has responded to lindzen 's criticisms of the spm .
several congregations were founded , such as those of fredericia ( denmark ) , berlin , stockholm , hamburg , frankfurt , helsinki , and emden .
it became a moral justification to lift the world up to french standards by bringing christianity and french culture .
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall .
a plant cell which contains chloroplasts is known as a chlorenchyma cell .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
the most interesting examples of mannerist architecture are the royal castle ( 1596–1619 ) and the jesuit church ( 1609–1626 ) at old town .
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005. in this latter gallery stained glass is displayed alongside silverware starting in the 12th century and continuing to the present .
individual huguenots settled at the cape of good hope from as early as 1671 with the arrival of françois villion ( viljoen ) .
in contrast , the humoral theory of immunity , held , among others , by robert koch and emil von behring , stated that the active immune agents were soluble components ( molecules ) found in the organism ’ s “ humors ” rather than its cells .
wittenberg became even more volatile after christmas when a band of visionary zealots , the so-called zwickau prophets , arrived , preaching revolutionary doctrines such as the equality of man , adult baptism , and christ 's imminent return .
in mongolia today , genghis khan 's name and likeness are endorsed on products , streets , buildings , and other places .
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012. kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip .
in 1066 , duke william ii of normandy conquered england killing king harold ii at the battle of hastings .
a problem x is hard for a class of problems c if every problem in c can be reduced to x. thus no problem in c is harder than x , since an algorithm for x allows us to solve any problem in c. of course , the notion of hard problems depends on the type of reduction being used .
during this hold , an electrical fire began in the cabin , and spread quickly in the high pressure , 100 % oxygen atmosphere .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
the german people , he urged , ought to heed these words " of the greatest antisemite of his time , the warner of his people against the jews . "
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
at a meeting in albany in december 1755 , he laid out his plans for 1756. in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec .
the riba 's holdings of over 330 drawings by andrea palladio are the largest in the world , other europeans well represented are jacques gentilhatre and antonio visentini .
in this last connection , the name could suggest the derogatory inference of superstitious worship ; popular fancy held that huguon , the gate of king hugo , was haunted by the ghost of le roi huguet ( regarded by roman catholics as an infamous scoundrel ) and other spirits , who instead of being in purgatory came back to harm the living at night .
after spain ceded the florida territory to the united states in 1821 , american settlers on the north side of the cow ford decided to plan a town , laying out the streets and plats .
during the vietnam war era , the chicago eight used a political defense , while benjamin spock used a technical defense .
despite denver 's excellent field position , they could not get the ball into the end zone , so mcmanus kicked a 33-yard field goal that increased their lead to 13–7 .
after the success of the british galleries , opened in 2001 , it was decided to embark on a major redesign of all the galleries in the museum ; this is known as " futureplan " , and was created in consultation with the exhibition designers and masterplanners metaphor .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
the common allotrope of elemental oxygen on earth is called dioxygen , o 2. it is the form that is a major part of the earth 's atmosphere ( see occurrence ) .
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers .
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) .
the complexity class p is often seen as a mathematical abstraction modeling those computational tasks that admit an efficient algorithm .
the ruhr currently provides the region with drinking water .
in 1873 , tesla returned to his birthtown , smiljan .
this has the consequence that the results of a measurement are now sometimes " quantized " , i.e .
islamist movements such as the muslim brotherhood , " are well known for providing shelters , educational assistance , free or low cost medical clinics , housing assistance to students from out of town , student advisory groups , facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands , legal assistance , sports facilities , and women 's groups . "
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng .
close , sandhill and quayside contain modern buildings as well as structures dating from the 15th–18th centuries , including bessie surtees house , the cooperage and lloyds quayside bars , derwentwater house and " house of tides " , a restaurant situated at a grade i-listed 16th century merchant 's house at 28–30 close .
outlaws ravaged the country without interference from the weakening yuan armies .
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega .
reporters treated it as a sensational story and jumped to the conclusion tesla was hearing signals from mars .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of " invisible " kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments ( later identified as " roentgen rays " or " x-rays " ) .
other civil disobedients who favor the existence of government still do n't believe in the legitimacy of their particular government , or do n't believe in the legitimacy of a particular law it has enacted .
the principles of european union law are rules of law which have been developed by the european court of justice that constitute unwritten rules which are not expressly provided for in the treaties but which affect how european union law is interpreted and applies .
the far eastern collections include more than 70,000 works of art from the countries of east asia : china , japan and korea .
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution .
he concentrated on the church in the electorate of saxony , acting only as an adviser to churches in new territories , many of which followed his saxon model .
on the basis of cst , burnet developed a theory of how an immune response is triggered according to the self/nonself distinction : " self " constituents ( constituents of the body ) do not trigger destructive immune responses , while " nonself " entities ( pathogens , an allograft ) trigger a destructive immune response .
when they arrived , colonial authorities offered them instead land 20 miles above the falls of the james river , at the abandoned monacan village known as manakin town , now in powhatan county .
at the end of this speech , luther raised his arm " in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout . "
the first commercial steam-powered device was a water pump , developed in 1698 by thomas savery .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
following the conservative victory in the 2015 uk election , standing orders of the house of commons were changed to give mps representing english constituencies a new " veto " over laws only affecting england .
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal ( united states ) calendar of saints .
official corporal punishment , often by caning , remains commonplace in schools in some asian , african and caribbean countries .
on one , they walked to the surveyor , photographed it , and removed some parts which they returned to earth .
this term describes cells with low levels of a cell-surface marker called mhc i ( major histocompatibility complex ) – a situation that can arise in viral infections of host cells .
most green chloroplasts are ( obviously ) green , though some are n't , like some forms of hæmatococcus pluvialis , due to accessory pigments that override the chlorophylls ' green colors .
some buyers lamented the small size of the first japanese compacts , and both toyota and nissan ( then known as datsun ) introduced larger cars such as the toyota corona mark ii , the toyota cressida , the mazda 616 and datsun 810 , which added passenger space and amenities such as air conditioning , power steering , am-fm radios , and even power windows and central locking without increasing the price of the vehicle .
following the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event , the extinction of the dinosaurs and the wetter climate may have allowed the tropical rainforest to spread out across the continent .
the further decline of byzantine state-of-affairs paved the road to a third attack in 1185 , when a large norman army invaded dyrrachium , owing to the betrayal of high byzantine officials .
ogedei 's grandson kaidu refused to submit to kublai and threatened the western frontier of kublai 's domain .
among the largest predatory creatures are the black caiman , jaguar , cougar , and anaconda .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
legislative power is vested in both the government and the national assembly and the senate .
supplementary sources of european union law include case law by the court of justice , international law and general principles of european union law .
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction .
seamans ' establishment of an ad-hoc committee headed by his special technical assistant nicholas e. golovin in july 1961 , to recommend a launch vehicle to be used in the apollo program , represented a turning point in nasa 's mission mode decision .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
the mission and christmas provided an inspiring end to 1968 , which had been a troubled year for the us , marked by vietnam war protests , race riots , and the assassinations of civil rights leader martin luther king , jr. , and senator robert f. kennedy .
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape .
on the other hand , in the late 1980s the western atlantic ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the black sea and sea of azov via the ballast tanks of ships , and has been blamed for causing sharp drops in fish catches by eating both fish larvae and small crustaceans that would otherwise feed the adult fish .
established on classical streets built by richard grainger , a builder and developer , between 1835 and 1842 , some of newcastle upon tyne 's finest buildings and streets lie within this area of the city centre including grainger market , theatre royal , grey street , grainger street and clayton street .
only 100–150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
between 1991 and 2000 , the total area of forest lost in the amazon rose from 415,000 to 587,000 square kilometres ( 160,000 to 227,000 sq mi ) , with most of the lost forest becoming pasture for cattle .
he decided that a time-sharing system , based on kemney 's work at dartmouth—which used a computer on loan from ge—could be profitable .
the logo is displayed on-air , online and in print advertising in four variants shading the respective color used with the circle design 's native black coloring : a gold version is primarily used on entertainment-oriented outlets ( such as abc.com , watch abc , and by abc studios ) and the on-screen bug ; steel blue and dark grey versions are used primarily by abc news ; a red version is used for espn on abc , while all four variants are used selectively in advertising and by affiliates .
some yuan documents such as wang zhen 's nong shu were printed with earthenware movable type , a technology invented in the 12th century .
the rocks collected from the moon are extremely old compared to rocks found on earth , as measured by radiometric dating techniques .
notable exceptions were : the daleks ' master plan , which aired in 12 episodes ( plus an earlier one-episode teaser , " mission to the unknown " , featuring none of the regular cast ) ; almost an entire season of seven-episode serials ( season 7 ) ; the 10-episode serial the war games ; and the trial of a time lord , which ran for 14 episodes ( albeit divided into three production codes and four narrative segments ) during season 23. occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy .
they even lent their ethnicity to the name of their castle : afranji , meaning " franks . "
during 2003–04 , the gross value of victorian agricultural production increased by 17 % to $ 8.7 billion .
nearly all of them are so small that they are not felt .
an enthusiastic teacher has the ability to be very influential in the young students life .
a 2000 study found that 42 % of uk teachers experienced occupational stress , twice the figure for the average profession .
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck .
agriculture is the second largest contributor to kenya 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) , after the service sector .
the dominant economic sectors in the middle rhine area are viniculture and tourism .
this " decision time " is heralded by the sounding of the division bell , which is heard throughout the parliamentary campus and alerts msps who are not in the chamber to return and vote .
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot .
it can waste up to half the carbon fixed by the calvin cycle .
within the eu itself , the court of justice 's view is that if eu law conflicts with a provision of national law , then eu law has primacy .
according to the good schools guide approximately 9 per cent of children being educated in the uk are doing so at fee-paying schools at gsce level and 13 per cent at a-level .
his theology challenged the authority and office of the pope by teaching that the bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge from god and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all baptized christians to be a holy priesthood .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
some dinophytes , like kryptoperidinium and durinskia have a diatom ( heterokontophyte ) derived chloroplast .
the united methodist church ( umc ) is a mainline protestant methodist denomination .
a third , minor subtype are the γδ t cells that recognize intact antigens that are not bound to mhc receptors .
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats .
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized .
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials .
on 11 july 1934 , the new york herald tribune published an article on tesla , in which he recalled an event that would occasionally take place while experimenting with his single-electrode vacuum tubes ; a minute particle would break off the cathode , pass out of the tube , and physically strike him .
teachers at ersatzschulen must have at least the same education and at least the same wages as teachers at public schools , an ersatzschule must have at least the same academic standards as a public school and article 7 , paragraph 4 of the grundgesetz , also forbids segregation of pupils according to the means of their parents ( the so-called sonderungsverbot ) .
the later accidental introduction of beroe helped to mitigate the problem , as beroe preys on other ctenophores .
a few chloroplast genes found new homes in the mitochondrial genome—most became nonfunctional pseudogenes , though a few trna genes still work in the mitochondrion .
this was followed by five launches of boilerplate csms ( designated as-101 through as-105 ) into orbit in 1964 and 1965. the last three of these further supported the apollo program by also carrying pegasus satellites , which verified the safety of the translunar environment by measuring the frequency and severity of micrometeorite impacts .
notable exceptions were : the daleks ' master plan , which aired in 12 episodes ( plus an earlier one-episode teaser , " mission to the unknown " , featuring none of the regular cast ) ; almost an entire season of seven-episode serials ( season 7 ) ; the 10-episode serial the war games ; and the trial of a time lord , which ran for 14 episodes ( albeit divided into three production codes and four narrative segments ) during season 23. occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy .
for the third straight season , the number one seeds from both conferences met in the super bowl .
du pont , a former student of lavoisier , established the eleutherian gunpowder mills .
maurus servius honoratus , commentary on the aeneid of vergil ( 8.727 ) ( rhenus ) fluvius galliae , qui germanos a gallia dividit " ( the rhine is a ) river of gaul , which divides the germanic people from gaul . "
as a consequence , luther was excommunicated by pope leo x on 3 january 1521 , in the bull decet romanum pontificem .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
a version was taken up by the author henry david thoreau in his essay civil disobedience , and later by gandhi in his doctrine of satyagraha .
the walt disney company is also a part-owner of hulu ( as part of a consortium that includes , among other parties , the respective parent companies of nbc and fox , nbcuniversal and 21st century fox ) , and has offered full-length episodes of most of abc 's programming through the streaming service since july 6 , 2009 ( which are available for viewing on hulu 's website and mobile app ) , as part of an agreement reached in april that year that also allowed disney to acquire a 27 % ownership stake in hulu .
undergraduate courses at the university of chicago are known for their demanding standards , heavy workload and academic difficulty ; according to uni in the usa , " among the academic cream of american universities – harvard , yale , princeton , mit , and the university of chicago – it is uchicago that can most convincingly claim to provide the most rigorous , intense learning experience . "
when finally edward the confessor returned from his father 's refuge in 1041 , at the invitation of his half-brother harthacnut , he brought with him a norman-educated mind .
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) .
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei .
[ citation needed ] his lab was torn down in 1904 , and its contents were sold two years later to satisfy a debt .
some yuan documents such as wang zhen 's nong shu were printed with earthenware movable type , a technology invented in the 12th century .
in the mid-1960s , corruption scandals began to arise among many of the city 's officials , who were mainly elected through the traditional old boy network .
( it has been adapted as a restaurant—see illustration above .
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) .
members of the genus haeckelia prey on jellyfish and incorporate their prey 's nematocysts ( stinging cells ) into their own tentacles instead of colloblasts .
ma jianlong later died from wounds received from arrows in battle .
today , harvard fields top teams in several other sports , such as the harvard crimson men 's ice hockey team ( with a strong rivalry against cornell ) , squash , and even recently won ncaa titles in men 's and women 's fencing .
the holocene ( the latest epoch ) is too small to be shown clearly on the third timeline on the right , another reason for expanding the fourth scale .
in physics , the university was the site of the chicago pile-1 ( the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction , part of the manhattan project ) , of robert millikan 's oil-drop experiment that calculated the charge of the electron , and of the development of radiocarbon dating by willard f. libby in 1947. the chemical experiment that tested how life originated on early earth , the miller–urey experiment , was conducted at the university .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
jacksonville is the largest city by population in the u.s. state of florida , and the largest city by area in the contiguous united states .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
survivors from the citadel were executed , artisans and craftsmen were sent back to mongolia , young men who had not fought were drafted into the mongolian army and the rest of the population was sent into slavery .
the role of committees is stronger in the scottish parliament than in other parliamentary systems , partly as a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the government and partly to compensate for the fact that there is no revising chamber .
" merciful god , what misery i have seen , " luther wrote , " the common people knowing nothing at all of christian doctrine ... and unfortunately many pastors are well-nigh unskilled and incapable of teaching . "
the companion figure – generally a human – has been a constant feature in doctor who since the programme 's inception in 1963. one of the roles of the companion is to remind the doctor of his " moral duty " .
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g .
the modern bubonic plague has a mortality rate of 30–75 % and symptoms including fever of 38–41 °c ( 100–106 °f ) , headaches , painful aching joints , nausea and vomiting , and a general feeling of malaise .
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " .
in the august 1917 edition of the magazine electrical experimenter tesla postulated that electricity could be used to locate submarines via using the reflection of an " electric ray " of " tremendous frequency , " with the signal being viewed on a fluorescent screen ( a system that has been noted to have a superficial resemblance to modern radar ) .
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable .
many important complexity classes can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm .
while the market will bid up compensation for rare and desired skills to reward wealth creation , greater productivity , etc. , it will also prevent successful entrepreneurs from earning excess profits by fostering competition to cut prices , profits and large compensation .
for instance , the time hierarchy theorem tells us that p is strictly contained in exptime , and the space hierarchy theorem tells us that l is strictly contained in pspace .
the second two are the largest , and the green chloroplast lineage is the one that contains the land plants .
some of the largest primes not known to have any particular form ( that is , no simple formula such as that of mersenne primes ) have been found by taking a piece of semi-random binary data , converting it to a number n , multiplying it by 256k for some positive integer k , and searching for possible primes within the interval [ 256kn + 1 , 256k ( n + 1 ) − 1 ] .
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010. that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004. ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase .
warsaw lies in east-central poland about 300 km ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains and about 260 km ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea , 523 km ( 325 mi ) east of berlin , germany .
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact .
using the german vernacular , they expressed the apostles ' creed in simpler , more personal , trinitarian language .
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times .
some schools offer the removal of the purported distractions of co-education ; the presence of boarding facilities ; or stricter discipline based on their power of expulsion , a tool not readily available to government schools .
as opposed to broadcasts of primetime series , cbs broadcast special episodes of its late night talk shows as its lead-out programs for super bowl 50 , beginning with a special episode of the late show with stephen colbert following the game .
in 1564 a group of norman huguenots under the leadership of jean ribault established the small colony of fort caroline on the banks of the st. johns river in what is today jacksonville , florida .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
both buildings were completed in june 1979. wabc-tv moved its operations from offices at 77 west 66th street to 149 columbus avenue , freeing up space for the abc network to house some of its operations .
to cut vital supplies to louisbourg , nova scotia 's governor charles lawrence ordered the deportation of the french-speaking acadian population from the area .
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1. the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) ! + 1 is divisible by p. moreover , an integer n > 4 is composite if and only if ( n − 1 ) !
there would be no more scoring in the third quarter , but early in the fourth , the broncos drove to the panthers 41-yard line .
a series of three small civil wars known as the huguenot rebellions broke out , mainly in southwestern france , between 1621 and 1629. revolted against royal authority .
it has been shown that if these two complexity classes are not equal then p is not equal to np .
this law is an extension of galileo 's insight that constant velocity was associated with a lack of net force ( see a more detailed description of this below ) .
the rousing success of happy days also led to a successful spin-off series , laverne & shirley , which debuted in 1976. charlie 's angels and three 's company ( which debuted in 1977 ) were two prime examples of a trend among the major networks during the 1970s known as " jiggle tv " , featuring attractive , often buxom , women in main and guest roles .
the standard model predicts that exchanged particles called gauge bosons are the fundamental means by which forces are emitted and absorbed .
as part of the agreements , both bskyb and virgin media agreed to terminate all high court proceedings against each other relating to the carriage of their respective basic channels .
in case of the ipcc conclusions and the failure of the kyoto protocol , varying regional cost-benefit analysis and burden-sharing conflicts with regard to the distribution of emission reductions remain an unsolved problem .
among other things , this has also resulted in 30 different examination boards or academic authorities that conduct examinations for school leaving certificates .
only 100–150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
the non-deterministic turing machine has very little to do with how we physically want to compute algorithms , but its branching exactly captures many of the mathematical models we want to analyze , so that non-deterministic time is a very important resource in analyzing computational problems .
this allows all set top boxes in a household to share recordings and other media .
in 1523 , luther wrote that jesus christ was born a jew which discouraged mistreatment of the jews and advocated their conversion by proving that the old testament could be shown to speak of jesus christ .
the jawaharlal nehru gallery of indian art , opened in 1991 , contains art from about 500 bc to the 19th century .
to protect their interests , the settlers banned the growing of coffee , introduced a hut tax , and the landless were granted less and less land in exchange for their labour .
in 2005 , clergy credentials were removed from irene elizabeth stroud after she was convicted in a church trial of violating church law by engaging in a lesbian relationship ; this conviction was later upheld by the judicial council , the highest court in the denomination .
contracts that set out clear expectations and clear paths to accomplishing those expectations are far more likely to result in the project flowing smoothly , whereas poorly drafted contracts lead to confusion and collapse .
an element p of r is called prime element if it is neither zero nor a unit ( i.e. , does not have a multiplicative inverse ) and satisfies the following requirement : given x and y in r such that p divides the product xy , then p divides x or y. an element is irreducible if it is not a unit and can not be written as a product of two ring elements that are not units .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing .
in addition , residents in unincorporated suburbs had difficulty obtaining municipal services , such as sewage and building code enforcement .
scouts had reported the weakness of the british supply chain , so he ordered an attack against the forts shirley had erected at the oneida carry .
packet mode communication may be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes ( packet switches or routers ) .
this pattern of higher incomes-longer lives still holds among poorer countries , where life expectancy increases rapidly as per capita income increases , but in recent decades it has slowed down among middle income countries and plateaued among the richest thirty or so countries in the world .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
abc , meanwhile , remained in third place and still needed money to grow itself into a major competitor .
instead , the passing of the compromise of 1850 enabled california to be admitted to the union as a free state , preventing southern california from becoming its own separate slave state .
those involved with the design and execution of the infrastructure in question must consider zoning requirements , the environmental impact of the job , the successful scheduling , budgeting , construction-site safety , availability and transportation of building materials , logistics , inconvenience to the public caused by construction delays and bidding , etc .
in the 18th century , pierre-louis moreau de maupertuis made experiments with scorpion venom and observed that certain dogs and mice were immune to this venom .
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " .
because the haptophyte chloroplast has four membranes , tertiary endosymbiosis would be expected to create a six membraned chloroplast , adding the haptophyte 's cell membrane and the dinophyte 's phagosomal vacuole .
in the 1630s about 7,000 out of 20,000 inhabitants of newcastle died of plague , more than one-third of the population .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
boulton and watt 's early engines used half as much coal as john smeaton 's improved version of newcomen 's .
abc dominated the american television landscape during the 1970s and early 1980s ( by 1980 , the three major networks represented 90 % of all prime-time television viewership in the u.s. ) .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
many of tesla 's writings are freely available on the web , including the article " the problem of increasing human energy , " published in the century magazine in 1900 , and the article " experiments with alternate currents of high potential and high frequency , " published in his book inventions , researches and writings of nikola tesla .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
the investigation of the pathogen that caused the 19th-century plague was begun by teams of scientists who visited hong kong in 1894 , among whom was the french-swiss bacteriologist alexandre yersin , after whom the pathogen was named yersinia pestis .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable .
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower .
rather than waste the saturn v on another simple earth-orbiting mission , aspo manager george low suggested the bold step of sending apollo 8 to orbit the moon instead , deferring the d mission to the next mission in march 1969 , and eliminating the e mission .
pro bowl defensive tackle kawann short led the team in sacks with 11 , while also forcing three fumbles and recovering two .
starch storing amyloplasts can also be converted to chromoplasts , and it is possible for proplastids to develop straight into chromoplasts .
in 1926 , tesla commented on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality , and indicated that humanity 's future would be run by " queen bees . "
however , mullett suggests that given his nature , " we are free to believe that luther would tend to select the more dramatic form of words . "
this revolution resulted in the urbanization of the city .
john g. trump , a professor at m.i.t .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
in addition , extension of the florida east coast railway further south drew visitors to other areas .
a president is elected by the judges for three years .
on 13 june 1525 , the couple was engaged with johannes bugenhagen , justus jonas , johannes apel , philipp melanchthon and lucas cranach the elder and his wife as witnesses .
on 10 january 1943 , new york city mayor fiorello la guardia read a eulogy written by slovene-american author louis adamic live over the wnyc radio while violin pieces " ave maria " and " tamo daleko " were played in the background .
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 .
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl .
during his analysis of nineteenth-century cartographic techniques , he highlights the use of blank space to denote unknown or unexplored territory .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
james hutton is often viewed as the first modern geologist .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
the concept of duty was first introduced by watt in order to illustrate how much more efficient his engines were over the earlier newcomen designs .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
at a khuruldai , a council of mongol chiefs , temüjin was acknowledged as " khan " of the consolidated tribes and took the new title " genghis khan " .
one important rock found during the apollo program is dubbed the genesis rock , retrieved by astronauts david scott and james irwin during the apollo 15 mission .
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
during the itv network strike of 1979 , viewership peaked at 16 million .
the debating chamber of the scottish parliament has seating arranged in a hemicycle , which reflects the desire to encourage consensus amongst elected members .
for example , friction is a manifestation of the electromagnetic force acting between the atoms of two surfaces , and the pauli exclusion principle , which does not permit atoms to pass through each other .
after the miss , manning completed a pair of passes to emmanuel sanders for gains of 25 and 22 yards , setting up mcmanus ' 33-yard field goal that gave the broncos a 16–7 lead .
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida .
on the other hand , in the late 1980s the western atlantic ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the black sea and sea of azov via the ballast tanks of ships , and has been blamed for causing sharp drops in fish catches by eating both fish larvae and small crustaceans that would otherwise feed the adult fish .
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards .
in 1983 , abc sold kxyz to the infinity broadcasting corporation .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
in late 1961 and early 1962 , members of the manned spacecraft center began to come around to support lor , including the newly hired deputy director of the office of manned space flight , joseph shea , who became a champion of lor .
the former administrative building of lothian regional council on george iv bridge was used for the msp 's offices .
edward the confessor had set up the aforementioned ralph as earl of hereford and charged him with defending the marches and warring with the welsh .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
the social charter was subsequently adopted in 1989 by 11 of the then 12 member states .
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area .
however , there was a riot at buckland valley near bright in 1857. conditions on the gold fields were cramped and unsanitary ; an outbreak of typhoid at buckland valley in 1854 killed over 1,000 miners .
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
in february 2010 , in response to controversies regarding claims in the fourth assessment report , five climate scientists – all contributing or lead ipcc report authors – wrote in the journal nature calling for changes to the ipcc .
survivors from the citadel were executed , artisans and craftsmen were sent back to mongolia , young men who had not fought were drafted into the mongolian army and the rest of the population was sent into slavery .
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl .
it is often found in the chloroplasts of c4 plants , though it has also been found in some c3 angiosperms , and even some gymnosperms .
in 1975 , season 11 of the series won a writers ' guild of great britain award for best writing in a children 's serial .
the third law means that all forces are interactions between different bodies , [ note 3 ] and thus that there is no such thing as a unidirectional force or a force that acts on only one body .
the policy regarding wholly owned international networks was revived in 2004 when on september 27 of that year , abc announced the launch of abc1 , a free-to-air channel in the united kingdom owned by the abc group .
the total number of seats in the parliament are allocated to parties proportionally to the number of votes received in the second vote of the ballot using the d'hondt method .
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury .
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm .
some clergy offer healing services , while exorcism is an occasional practice by some clergy in the united methodist church in africa .
the region is home to about 2.5 million insect species , tens of thousands of plants , and some 2,000 birds and mammals .
as a result , the outcome of each division is known in seconds .
this has traditionally been called the " third use of the law . "
because the haptophyte chloroplast has four membranes , tertiary endosymbiosis would be expected to create a six membraned chloroplast , adding the haptophyte 's cell membrane and the dinophyte 's phagosomal vacuole .
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010. that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004. ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase .
many of the same decisions and principles that apply in other criminal investigations and arrests arise also in civil disobedience cases .
fully informed jury association activists have sometimes handed out educational leaflets inside courthouses despite admonitions not to ; according to fija , many of them have escaped prosecution because " prosecutors have reasoned ( correctly ) that if they arrest fully informed jury leafleters , the leaflets will have to be given to the leafleter 's own jury as evidence . "
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
:33 however , toward the end of his life , he told a reporter , " sometimes i feel that by not marrying , i made too great a sacrifice to my work ... " there have been numerous accounts of women vying for tesla 's affection , even some madly in love with him .
several project structures can assist the owner in this integration , including design-build , partnering and construction management .
currently detention is one of the most common punishments in schools in the united states , the uk , ireland , singapore and other countries .
one of the most famous people born in warsaw was maria skłodowska-curie , who achieved international recognition for her research on radioactivity and was the first female recipient of the nobel prize .
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 .
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks .
whenever he encountered british merchants or fur-traders , céloron informed them of the french claims on the territory and told them to leave .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
other legal requirements come from malum prohibitum considerations , or things that are a matter of custom or expectation , such as isolating businesses to a business district and residences to a residential district .
his poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments .
water polluted with plant nutrients such as nitrates or phosphates may stimulate growth of algae by a process called eutrophication and the decay of these organisms and other biomaterials may reduce amounts of o 2 in eutrophic water bodies .
water ( h2o ) and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) are used in photosynthesis , and sugar and oxygen ( o2 ) is made , using light energy .
luther 's 1538 hymnic version of the lord 's prayer , " vater unser im himmelreich " , corresponds exactly to luther 's explanation of the prayer in the small catechism , with one stanza for each of the seven prayer petitions , plus opening and closing stanzas .
in 2009 , the great internet mersenne prime search project was awarded a us $ 100,000 prize for first discovering a prime with at least 10 million digits .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
leukocytes ( white blood cells ) act like independent , single-celled organisms and are the second arm of the innate immune system .
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started .
from 2006 garda vetting has been introduced for new entrants to the teaching profession .
the press variably referred to it as a " peace ray " or death ray .
to view the encrypted content a videoguard uk equipped receiver ( all of which are dedicated to the sky service , and can not be used to decrypt other services ) needs to be used .
[ citation needed ] although imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years , the term " age of imperialism " generally refers to the activities of european powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century , for example , the " the great game " in persian lands , the " scramble for africa " and the " open door policy " in china .
at the columbian exposition , under a banner announcing the " tesla polyphase system " , tesla demonstrated a series of electrical effects previously performed throughout america and europe , :76 included using high-voltage , high-frequency alternating current to light a wireless gas-discharge lamp .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
the importance of soft power is not lost on authoritarian regimes , fighting such influence with bans on foreign popular culture , control of the internet and unauthorised satellite dishes etc .
for many geologic applications , isotope ratios of radioactive elements are measured in minerals that give the amount of time that has passed since a rock passed through its particular closure temperature , the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice .
the university is also home to the university of chicago press , the largest university press in the united states .
langlade was given 300 men , including french-canadians and warriors of the ottawa .
sizeable minorities of other faiths do exist ( muslim 11.2 % , indigenous beliefs 1.7 % ) , and nonreligious 2.4 % .
the system limited the price of " old oil " ( that which had already been discovered ) while allowing newly discovered oil to be sold at a higher price to encourage investment .
at saint evroul , a tradition of singing had developed and the choir achieved fame in normandy .
further south the southeast interior was dominated by siouan-speaking catawba , muskogee-speaking creek and choctaw , and the iroquoian-speaking cherokee tribes .
there are over 10,000 objects made from silver or gold in the collection , the display ( about 15 % of the collection ) is divided into secular and sacred covering both christian ( roman catholic , anglican and greek orthodox ) and jewish liturgical vessels and items .
a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time ( high supply ) competing for a job that few require ( low demand ) will result in a low wage for that job .
since all modern ctenophores except the beroids have cydippid-like larvae , it has widely been assumed that their last common ancestor also resembled cydippids , having an egg-shaped body and a pair of retractable tentacles .
a construction project is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations , each of which all parties must carefully consider .
its exterior was covered with an ablative heat shield , and had its own reaction control system ( rcs ) engines to control its attitude and steer its atmospheric entry path .
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey .
rather , nk cells destroy compromised host cells , such as tumor cells or virus-infected cells , recognizing such cells by a condition known as " missing self . "
while constitutional law concerns the european union 's governance structure , administrative law binds eu institutions and member states to follow the law .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river .
it estimated that if the average united states worker had completed just one more year of school , it would add an additional $ 105 billion in growth to the country 's economy over five years .
despite this , he insisted he would still find a way to play in the super bowl .
alongside the traditional media availabilities , the event featured an opening ceremony with player introductions on a replica of the golden gate bridge .
2013 economics nobel prize winner robert j. shiller said that rising inequality in the united states and elsewhere is the most important problem .
infrastructure is often called heavy/highway , heavy civil or heavy engineering .
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism .
warsaw was occupied by germany from 4 august 1915 until november 1918. the allied armistice terms required in article 12 that germany withdraw from areas controlled by russia in 1914 , which included warsaw .
there are over 10,000 objects made from silver or gold in the collection , the display ( about 15 % of the collection ) is divided into secular and sacred covering both christian ( roman catholic , anglican and greek orthodox ) and jewish liturgical vessels and items .
the doctor 's first companions seen on screen were his granddaughter susan foreman ( carole ann ford ) and her teachers barbara wright ( jacqueline hill ) and ian chesterton ( william russell ) .
however , on may 3 , 2013 , the florida legislature refused to approve the funding plan to pay for the renovations , dealing a significant blow to miami 's chances .
the internet2 community , in partnership with qwest , built the first internet2 network , called abilene , in 1998 and was a prime investor in the national lambdarail ( nlr ) project .
for example , at the beginning of each parliamentary year , the first minister delivers a statement to the chamber setting out the government 's legislative programme for the forthcoming year .
his father , milutin tesla , was a serbian orthodox priest .
a function problem is a computational problem where a single output ( of a total function ) is expected for every input , but the output is more complex than that of a decision problem , that is , it is n't just yes or no .
the outer surface bears usually eight comb rows , called swimming-plates , which are used for swimming .
networks affiliates approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002. in september , disney chairman/ceo michael eisner outlined a proposed realignment of the abc broadcast network day parts with the similar unit in its cable channels : abc saturday mornings with disney channels ( toon & playhouse ) , abc daytime with soapnet and abc prime time with abc family .
some non-condensing direct-drive locomotives did meet with some success for long haul freight operations in sweden and for express passenger work in britain , but were not repeated .
to fix carbon dioxide into sugar molecules in the process of photosynthesis , chloroplasts use an enzyme called rubisco .
a particularly simple example of a probabilistic test is the fermat primality test , which relies on the fact ( fermat 's little theorem ) that np≡n ( mod p ) for any n if p is a prime number .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
the formal language associated with this decision problem is then the set of all connected graphs—of course , to obtain a precise definition of this language , one has to decide how graphs are encoded as binary strings .
eventually , he sold wardenclyffe for $ 20,000 ( $ 472,500 in today 's dollars ) .
the " west side " of fresno , also often called " southwest fresno " , is one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city .
in 1937 , at a luncheon in his honor concerning the death ray , tesla stated , " but it is not an experiment ... i have built , demonstrated and used it .
t-cells have a symbiotic relationship with vitamin d. not only does the t-cell extend a vitamin d receptor , in essence asking to bind to the steroid hormone version of vitamin d , calcitriol , but the t-cell expresses the gene cyp27b1 , which is the gene responsible for converting the pre-hormone version of vitamin d , calcidiol into the steroid hormone version , calcitriol .
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus .
in particular , medication therapy management ( mtm ) includes the clinical services that pharmacists can provide for their patients .
the june 11 , 1962 , decision to use lunar orbit rendezvous enabled the saturn v to replace the nova , and the msfc proceeded to develop the saturn rocket family for apollo .
however , if the forces are acting on an extended body , their respective lines of application must also be specified in order to account for their effects on the motion of the body .
the john w. weeks bridge is a pedestrian bridge over the charles river connecting both campuses .
newcastle college is the largest general further education college in the north east and is a beacon status college ; there are two smaller colleges in the newcastle area .
in 1933 , out of 1,178,914 inhabitants 833,500 were of polish mother tongue .
for example , in his article , " a machine to end war " , published in 1937 , tesla stated :
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) .
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense .
his entry into paradise , no less , was a discovery about " the righteousness of god " – a discovery that " the just person " of whom the bible speaks ( as in romans 1:17 ) lives by faith .
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits .
:2–10:79 high-energy particle physics observations made during the 1970s and 1980s confirmed that the weak and electromagnetic forces are expressions of a more fundamental electroweak interaction .
:121,154 he lived most of his life in a series of new york hotels , through his retirement .
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount .
the first item of business on wednesdays is usually time for reflection , at which a speaker addresses members for up to four minutes , sharing a perspective on issues of faith .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
elections for the victorian parliament are now fixed and occur in november every four years .
whether or not this hypothesis is accurate , it is clear that several existing conditions such as war , famine , and weather contributed to the severity of the black death .
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900. james bryant conant led the university through the great depression and world war ii and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war .
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan .
in 1700 several hundred french huguenots migrated from england to the colony of virginia , where the english crown had promised them land grants in lower norfolk county .
they differ from glaucophyte and red algal chloroplasts in that they have lost their phycobilisomes , and contain chlorophyll b instead .
the announcement came a day after setanta sports confirmed that it would launch in march as a subscription service on the digital terrestrial platform , and on the same day that ntl 's services re-branded as virgin media .
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated .
sir charles lyell first published his famous book , principles of geology , in 1830. this book , which influenced the thought of charles darwin , successfully promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism .
conservative researchers have argued that income inequality is not significant because consumption , rather than income should be the measure of inequality , and inequality of consumption is less extreme than inequality of income in the us .
similarly , the sieve of eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered a prime : a modified version of the sieve that considers 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of 1 ( that is , all other numbers ) and produce as output only the single number 1. furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function .
by july 1944 , the red army was deep into polish territory and pursuing the germans toward warsaw .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
galileo was instrumental in describing the characteristics of falling objects by determining that the acceleration of every object in free-fall was constant and independent of the mass of the object .
in honor of the 50th super bowl , the pregame ceremony featured the on-field introduction of 39 of the 43 previous super bowl most valuable players .
but bounding the computation time above by some concrete function f ( n ) often yields complexity classes that depend on the chosen machine model .
this is often interpreted as meaning the outer chloroplast membrane is the product of the host 's cell membrane infolding to form a vesicle to surround the ancestral cyanobacterium—which is not true—both chloroplast membranes are homologous to the cyanobacterium 's original double membranes .
an important unsolved problem in complexity theory is whether the graph isomorphism problem is in p , np-complete , or np-intermediate .
in official chinese histories , the yuan dynasty bore the mandate of heaven , following the song dynasty and preceding the ming dynasty .
the immune system is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease .
after a troubled gestation during which its creator resigned , bankamericard went on to become the first successful credit card ; that is , a financial instrument that was usable across a large number of merchants and also allowed cardholders to revolve a balance ( earlier financial products could do one or the other but not both ) .
other arcane units of force include the sthène , which is equivalent to 1000 n , and the kip , which is equivalent to 1000 lbf .
though john wesley originally wanted the methodists to stay within the church of england , the american revolution decisively separated the methodists in the american colonies from the life and sacraments of the anglican church .
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
luther taught that salvation and subsequently eternal life is not earned by good deeds but is received only as a free gift of god 's grace through faith in jesus christ as redeemer from sin .
the affected region was approximate 1,160,000 square miles ( 3,000,000 km2 ) of rainforest , compared to 734,000 square miles ( 1,900,000 km2 ) in 2005. the 2010 drought had three epicenters where vegetation died off , whereas in 2005 the drought was focused on the southwestern part .
the packet header can be small , as it only needs to contain this code and any information , such as length , timestamp , or sequence number , which is different for different packets .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
however , already in quantum mechanics there is one " caveat " , namely the particles acting onto each other do not only possess the spatial variable , but also a discrete intrinsic angular momentum-like variable called the " spin " , and there is the pauli principle relating the space and the spin variables .
some of tesla 's patents are not accounted for , and various sources have discovered some that have lain hidden in patent archives .
john paul ii 's visits to his native country in 1979 and 1983 brought support to the budding solidarity movement and encouraged the growing anti-communist fervor there .
european union law also applies in territories where a member state is responsible for external relations , for example gibraltar and the åland islands .
this produces a catalytic cascade that amplifies the initial signal by controlled positive feedback .
the riba 's holdings of over 330 drawings by andrea palladio are the largest in the world , other europeans well represented are jacques gentilhatre and antonio visentini .
incorporated first by henry ii , the city had a new charter granted by elizabeth in 1589. a 25-foot ( 7.6 m ) high stone wall was built around the town in the 13th century , to defend it from invaders during the border war against scotland .
frederick william , elector of brandenburg , invited huguenots to settle in his realms , and a number of their descendants rose to positions of prominence in prussia .
in the 18th century american timothy dexter , an entrepreneur , widely regarded as an eccentric , defied this idiom .
sports programming is also provided on some weekend afternoons at any time from 12:00 to 6:00 p.m. eastern time ( 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. pacific ) and , during college football season , during prime time on saturday nights as part of the saturday night football package .
only 100–150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
on one hand , γδ t cells are a component of adaptive immunity as they rearrange tcr genes to produce receptor diversity and can also develop a memory phenotype .
for two performances , while pertwee was ill , david banks ( better known for playing cybermen ) played the doctor .
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai .
the codex consists of three parchment-bound manuscripts , forster i , forster ii , and forster iii , quite small in size , dated between 1490 and 1505. their contents include a large collection of sketches and references to the equestrian sculpture commissioned by the duke of milan ludovico sforza to commemorate his father francesco sforza .
the words " bonny " ( meaning " pretty " ) , " howay " ( " come on " ) , " stot " ( " bounce " ) and " hadaway " ( " go away " or " you 're kidding " ) , all appear to be used in scots ; " aye " ( " yes " ) and " nowt " ( ipa : //naʊt/ , rhymes with out , " nothing " ) are used elsewhere in northern england .
therefore , the second scale shows the most recent eon with an expanded scale .
the megaregion 's area is more expansive , extending east into las vegas , nevada , and south across the mexican border into tijuana .
sudbury model democratic schools ' proponents argue that a school that has good , clear laws , fairly and democratically passed by the entire school community , and a good judicial system for enforcing these laws , is a school in which community discipline prevails , and in which an increasingly sophisticated concept of law and order develops , against other schools today , where rules are arbitrary , authority is absolute , punishment is capricious , and due process of law is unknown .
a rudimentary steam turbine device was described by taqi al-din in 1551 and by giovanni branca in 1629. jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont received patents in 1606 for fifty steam powered inventions , including a water pump for draining inundated mines .
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized .
newcastle replaced him in january 1756 with lord loudoun , with major general james abercrombie as his second in command .
the innate response is usually triggered when microbes are identified by pattern recognition receptors , which recognize components that are conserved among broad groups of microorganisms , or when damaged , injured or stressed cells send out alarm signals , many of which ( but not all ) are recognized by the same receptors as those that recognize pathogens .
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert .
the racial makeup of the city was 50.2 % white , 8.4 % black or african american , 1.6 % native american , 11.2 % asian ( about a third of which is hmong ) , 0.1 % pacific islander , 23.4 % from other races , and 5.2 % from two or more races .
days later , still in 1851 gold was discovered near ballarat , and subsequently at bendigo .
he encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration , nonviolent civil disobedience , and violent civil disobedience .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
by working alongside the authorities to restore public order , he signalled his reinvention as a conservative force within the reformation .
in 1846 , the natural history lectures of louis agassiz were acclaimed both in new york and on the campus at harvard college .
as of august 2010 , victoria had 1,548 public schools , 489 catholic schools and 214 independent schools .
the largest co-ed independent school is the royal grammar school .
during that year , tesla worked in pittsburgh , helping to create an alternating current system to power the city 's streetcars .
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites .
in konsumentombudsmannen v de agostini the court of justice reviewed swedish bans on advertising to children under age 12 , and misleading commercials for skin care products .
during the protestant reformation , lefevre , a professor at the university of paris , published his french translation of the new testament in 1523 , followed by the whole bible in the french language in 1530. william farel was a student of lefevre who went on to become a leader of the swiss reformation , establishing a protestant government in geneva .
british operations in 1755 , 1756 and 1757 in the frontier areas of pennsylvania and new york all failed , due to a combination of poor management , internal divisions , and effective canadian scouts , french regular forces , and indian warrior allies .
nintendo and the pokémon company also made their super bowl debut , promoting the 20th anniversary of the pokémon video game and media franchise .
in may 2006 , the irish broadcaster setanta sports was awarded two of the six premier league packages that the english fa offered to broadcasters .
specialty pharmacies supply high cost injectable , oral , infused , or inhaled medications that are used for chronic and complex disease states such as cancer , hepatitis , and rheumatoid arthritis .
many centuries later leonardo da vinci built on philo 's work by observing that a portion of air is consumed during combustion and respiration .
the ministry of gender and child affairs employed 400 child protection officers in 2009. the causes of child labour include poverty , the lack of access to education and weak government institutions .
phillips ' superior officer bernard a. schriever agreed to loan phillips to nasa , along with a staff of officers under him , on the condition that phillips be made apollo program director .
these branch through the mesoglea to the most active parts of the animal : the mouth and pharynx ; the roots of the tentacles , if present ; all along the underside of each comb row ; and four branches round the sensory complex at the far end from the mouth – two of these four branches terminate in anal pores .
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools .
the national science foundation network ( nsfnet ) was a program of coordinated , evolving projects sponsored by the national science foundation ( nsf ) beginning in 1985 to promote advanced research and education networking in the united states .
this means , legislation can be blocked by a majority in parliament , a minority in the council , and a majority in the commission : it is harder to change eu law than stay the same .
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk .
more recently the uk supreme court noted that in r ( hs2 action alliance ltd ) v secretary of state for transport , although the uk constitution is uncodified , there could be " fundamental principles " of common law , and parliament " did not either contemplate or authorise the abrogation " of those principles when it enacted the european communities act 1972. the view of the german constitutional court from the solange i and solange ii decisions is that if the eu does not comply with its basic constitutional rights and principles ( particularly democracy , the rule of law and the social state principles ) then it can not override german law .
southern california , often abbreviated socal , is a geographic and cultural region that generally comprises california 's southernmost 10 counties .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
though there is no official definition for the northern boundary of southern california , such a division has existed from the time when mexico ruled california , and political disputes raged between the californios of monterey in the upper part and los angeles in the lower part of alta california .
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas .
leonard goldenson , the president of upt ( which sought to diversify itself at the time ) , approached noble in 1951 on a proposal for upt to purchase abc .
because of these characteristics , forces are classified as " vector quantities " .
the panthers backfield featured pro bowl running back jonathan stewart , who led the team with 989 rushing yards and six touchdowns in 13 games , along with pro bowl fullback mike tolbert , who rushed for 256 yards and caught 18 passes for another 154 yards .
the agreements include fixed annual carriage fees of £30m for the channels with both channel suppliers able to secure additional capped payments if their channels meet certain performance-related targets .
the french protestant church of london was established by royal charter in 1550. it is now located at soho square .
some scientists argue that the rainforest was reduced to small , isolated refugia separated by open forest and grassland ; other scientists argue that the rainforest remained largely intact but extended less far to the north , south , and east than is seen today .
according to the second law of thermodynamics , nonconservative forces necessarily result in energy transformations within closed systems from ordered to more random conditions as entropy increases .
the next major step occurred when james watt developed ( 1763–1775 ) an improved version of newcomen 's engine , with a separate condenser .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
the other includes reproductions of various works of italian renaissance sculpture and architecture , including a full-size replica of michelangelo 's david .
the merger between abc and capital cities received federal approval on september 5 , 1985. after the abc/capital cities merger was finalized on january 3 , 1986 , the combined company – which became known as capital cities/abc , inc. – added four television stations ( wpvi-tv/philadelphia , ktrk-tv/houston , kfsn-tv/fresno and wtvd/raleigh ) and several radio stations to abc 's broadcasting portfolio , and also included fairchild publications and four newspapers ( including the kansas city star and fort worth star-telegram ) .
dikes , long , planar igneous intrusions , enter along cracks , and therefore often form in large numbers in areas that are being actively deformed .
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff .
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality .
at the start of the war , no french regular army troops were stationed in north america , and few british troops .
former ipcc chairman robert watson has said " the mistakes all appear to have gone in the direction of making it seem like climate change is more serious by overstating the impact .
eight original series serials have been released on laserdisc and many have also been released on betamax tape and video 2000. one episode of doctor who ( the infinite quest ) was released on vcd .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
in the analog versions of these experiments , horizontal layers of sand are pulled along a lower surface into a back stop , which results in realistic-looking patterns of faulting and the growth of a critically tapered ( all angles remain the same ) orogenic wedge .
the network was engineered and operated by mci telecommunications under a cooperative agreement with the nsf .
if graph isomorphism is np-complete , the polynomial time hierarchy collapses to its second level .
more than 1 million people are expected to attend the festivities in san francisco during super bowl week .
the tourism sector has exhibited steady growth in most years since independence and by the late 1980s had become the country 's principal source of foreign exchange .
the account of his travels , il milione ( or , the million , known in english as the travels of marco polo ) , appeared about the year 1299. some argue over the accuracy of marco polo 's accounts due to the lack of mentioning the great wall of china , tea houses , which would have been a prominent sight since europeans had yet to adopt a tea culture , as well the practice of foot binding by the women in capital of the great khan .
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) .
the uk subsequently was the only member state to veto the social charter being included as the " social chapter " of the 1992 maastricht treaty - instead , an agreement on social policy was added as a protocol .
kublai 's government faced financial difficulties after 1279. wars and construction projects had drained the mongol treasury .
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) .
he retained the elevation of the host and chalice , while trappings such as the mass vestments , altar , and candles were made optional , allowing freedom of ceremony .
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii .
he finished a four-year term in three years , graduating in 1873.:33
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
many people in the city have scottish or irish ancestors .
an early important political response to the opening of hostilities was the convening of the albany congress in june and july , 1754. the goal of the congress was to formalize a unified front in trade and negotiations with various indians , since allegiance of the various tribes and nations was seen to be pivotal in the success in the war that was unfolding .
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
following the acquisition of california by the united states , the division continued as part of the attempt by several pro-slavery politicians to arrange the division of alta california at 36 degrees , 30 minutes , the line of the missouri compromise .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
a flaw with this test is that there are some composite numbers ( the carmichael numbers ) that satisfy the fermat identity even though they are not prime , so the test has no way of distinguishing between prime numbers and carmichael numbers .
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount .
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms .
the worst-case is when the input is sorted or sorted in reverse order , and the algorithm takes time o ( n2 ) for this case .
the river now flows north as upper rhine through the upper rhine plain , which is about 300 km long and up to 40 km wide .
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds .
the dodge omni / plymouth horizon from chrysler , the ford fiesta and the chevrolet chevette all had four-cylinder engines and room for at least four passengers by the late 1970s .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
however , this definition is disputed by thoreau 's political philosophy pitching the conscience vs. the collective .
it also bolstered some kind of conviction among poles that varsovians thought of themselves as better only because they lived in the capital .
geographical theories such as environmental determinism also suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of european guidance .
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
however , as one and the same valve usually controls both steam flows , a short cutoff at admission adversely affects the exhaust and compression periods which should ideally always be kept fairly constant ; if the exhaust event is too brief , the totality of the exhaust steam can not evacuate the cylinder , choking it and giving excessive compression ( " kick back " ) .
in the helical thylakoid model , grana consist of a stack of flattened circular granal thylakoids that resemble pancakes .
a prime number ( or a prime ) is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself .
in august 1917 , tesla explained what had happened in the electrical experimenter : " as an example of what has been done with several hundred kilowatts of high frequency energy liberated , it was found that the dynamos in a power house six miles away were repeatedly burned out , due to the powerful high frequency currents set up in them , and which caused heavy sparks to jump through the windings and destroy the insulation ! "
his extremely influential books ( translated into many languages ) placed islam in a modern context , and influenced not only conservative ulema but liberal modernizer islamists such as al-faruqi , whose " islamization of knowledge " carried forward some of maududi 's key principles .
ribonucleases and the rna interference pathway are conserved across all eukaryotes , and are thought to play a role in the immune response to viruses .
by the end of 1350 , the black death subsided , but it never really died out in england .
adults of various species range from a few millimeters to 1.5 m ( 4 ft 11 in ) in size .
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced .
on 17 december 1941 , seven protestant regional church confederations issued a statement agreeing with the policy of forcing jews to wear the yellow badge , " since after his bitter experience luther had already suggested preventive measures against the jews and their expulsion from german territory . "
many families , today mostly afrikaans-speaking , have surnames indicating their french huguenot ancestry .
the two official languages , english and swahili , are used in varying degrees of fluency for communication with other populations .
the ussr 's invasion of afghanistan was only one sign of insecurity in the region , also marked by increased american weapons sales , technology , and outright military presence .
climate fluctuations during the last 34 million years have allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics .
in 1781 james watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotary motion .
the vistula river is the specific axis of warsaw , which divides the city into two parts , left and right .
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces .
there are also estimated to be between 500 and 2,000 bolivians in newcastle , forming up to 1 % of the population—the largest such percentage of any uk city .
in his research , tesla devised several experimental setups to produce x-rays .
the river ijssel branch flows to the north and enters the ijsselmeer , formerly the zuider zee brackish lagoon ; however , since 1932 , a freshwater lake .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made .
this building was vacated twice to allow for the meeting of the church 's general assembly .
in honor of the 50th super bowl , the pregame ceremony featured the on-field introduction of 39 of the 43 previous super bowl most valuable players .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
doctor who star matt smith won best actor in the 2012 national television awards alongside karen gillan who won best actress .
in robert michael 's view , luther 's words " we are at fault in not slaying them " amounted to a sanction for murder .
trained as a lawyer he chose the profession of journalism , and wrote about contemporary issues and most importantly about islam and islamic law .
the image at the right illustrates that 12 is not prime : 12 = 3 · 4. no even number greater than 2 is prime because by definition , any such number n has at least three distinct divisors , namely 1 , 2 , and n. this implies that n is not prime .
vaginal secretions serve as a chemical barrier following menarche , when they become slightly acidic , while semen contains defensins and zinc to kill pathogens .
he noted that candles burned brighter in the gas and that a mouse was more active and lived longer while breathing it .
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " .
tuition at private secondary schools varies from school to school and depends on many factors , including the location of the school , the willingness of parents to pay , peer tuitions and the school 's financial endowment .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
later the american makers introduced their domestic replacements ( ford ranger , dodge dakota and the chevrolet s10/gmc s-15 ) , ending their captive import policy .
tesla was the fourth of five children .
while most chloroplasts originate from that first set of endosymbiotic events , paulinella chromatophora is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently .
in the united kingdom , bbc radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will carry the contest .
[ citation needed ] the women 's team has competed at the olympics and world championships but without any notable success . cricket is another popular and the most successful team sport .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
these theses asserted that the law is no longer to be taught to christians but belonged only to city hall .
hms dreadnought of 1905 was the first major warship to replace the proven technology of the reciprocating engine with the then-novel steam turbine .
as of january 2016 [ update ] , the largest known prime number has 22,338,618 decimal digits .
the basic pay for a starting teacher is €27,814 p.a. , rising incrementally to €53,423 for a teacher with 25 years service .
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway .
the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages ( including karlodinium and karenia ) lost their original red algal derived chloroplast , and replaced it with a new chloroplast derived from a haptophyte endosymbiont .
the largest , the theatre royal on grey street , first opened in 1837 , designed by john and benjamin green .
with the development of quantum field theory and general relativity , it was realized that force is a redundant concept arising from conservation of momentum ( 4-momentum in relativity and momentum of virtual particles in quantum electrodynamics ) .
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g .
and still other civil disobedients , being anarchists , do n't believe in the legitimacy of any government , and therefore see no need to accept punishment for a violation of criminal law that does not infringe the rights of others .
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963. the programme depicts the adventures of the doctor , a time lord—a space and time-travelling humanoid alien .
a 2012 study found that teachers experienced double the rate of anxiety , depression , and stress than average workers .
the war of the austrian succession ( whose north american theater is known as king george 's war ) formally ended in 1748 with the signing of the treaty of aix-la-chapelle .
after founding the mongol empire and being proclaimed " genghis khan " , he started the mongol invasions that resulted in the conquest of most of eurasia .
english chemist john mayow ( 1641–1679 ) refined this work by showing that fire requires only a part of air that he called spiritus nitroaereus or just nitroaereus .
on may 1 , 1953 , abc 's new york city flagship stations – wjz , wjz-fm and wjz-tv – changed their respective callsigns to wabc , wabc-fm and wabc-tv , and moved their operations to facilities at 7 west 66th street , one block away from central park .
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden .
during the summer , abc airs espn-produced highlight compilation programs for the open championship golf and the wimbledon tennis tournaments to provide some presence for both events on american broadcast television .
abc has also aired the miss america pageant from 1954 to 1956 , 1997 to 2005 ( with the television rights being assumed by cable channel tlc in 2006 , when the pageant moved from its longtime homebase in atlantic city to las vegas , before returning to atlantic city in 2013 ) and since 2011. under its current contract with the miss america organization , abc will continue to broadcast the pageant through 2016 .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
petrologists can also use fluid inclusion data and perform high temperature and pressure physical experiments to understand the temperatures and pressures at which different mineral phases appear , and how they change through igneous and metamorphic processes .
this is called antigenic variation .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
temperature ) , the intuitive understanding of forces is quantified using precise operational definitions that are consistent with direct observations and compared to a standard measurement scale .
another green space in newcastle is the town moor , lying immediately north of the city centre .
the section of huntington boulevard between first street on the west to cedar avenue on the east is the home to many large , stately homes .
francovich , the former employee of a bankrupt venetian firm , was therefore allowed to claim 6 million lira from the italian government in damages for his loss .
research by harvard economist robert barro , found that there is " little overall relation between income inequality and rates of growth and investment " .
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor .
in 1959 , this rerun activity was completed with program syndication , with abc films selling programs to networks not owned by abc .
southern california includes the heavily built-up urban area stretching along the pacific coast from ventura , through the greater los angeles area and the inland empire , and down to greater san diego .
chagatai was considered unstable due to his temper and rash behavior , because of statements he made that he would not follow jochi if he were to become his father 's successor .
the council meets twice a year at various locations throughout the world .
traveling south on interstate 5 , the main gap to continued urbanization is camp pendleton .
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of 874.3 square miles ( 2,264 km2 ) , making jacksonville the largest city in land area in the contiguous united states ; of this , 86.66 % ( 757.7 sq mi or 1,962 km2 ) is land and ; 13.34 % ( 116.7 sq mi or 302 km2 ) is water .
in 2009 , nasa held a symposium on project costs which presented an estimate of the apollo program costs in 2005 dollars as roughly $ 170 billion .
newcastle upon tyne ( rp : i/ˌnjuːkɑːsəl əˌpɒn ˈtaɪn/ ; locally : i/njuːˌkæsəl əˌpən ˈtaɪn/ ) , commonly known as newcastle , is a city in tyne and wear , north east england , 103 miles ( 166 km ) south of edinburgh and 277 miles ( 446 km ) north of london on the northern bank of the river tyne , 8.5 mi ( 13.7 km ) from the north sea .
this is primarily accomplished through normal faulting and through the ductile stretching and thinning .
within labor income distribution is due to differences in value added by different classifications of workers .
before genghis khan died , he assigned ögedei khan as his successor and split his empire into khanates among his sons and grandsons .
an oscillating cylinder steam engine is a variant of the simple expansion steam engine which does not require valves to direct steam into and out of the cylinder .
at fécamp , under two italian abbots , william of volpiano and john of ravenna , the system of denoting notes by letters was developed and taught .
tesla 's back was severely wrenched and three of his ribs were broken in the accident ( the full extent of his injuries will never be known ; tesla refused to consult a doctor—an almost lifelong custom ) .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
while in-house production had ceased , the bbc hoped to find an independent production company to relaunch the show .
newcastle upon tyne ( rp : i/ˌnjuːkɑːsəl əˌpɒn ˈtaɪn/ ; locally : i/njuːˌkæsəl əˌpən ˈtaɪn/ ) , commonly known as newcastle , is a city in tyne and wear , north east england , 103 miles ( 166 km ) south of edinburgh and 277 miles ( 446 km ) north of london on the northern bank of the river tyne , 8.5 mi ( 13.7 km ) from the north sea .
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes .
johann eck , speaking on behalf of the empire as assistant of the archbishop of trier , presented luther with copies of his writings laid out on a table and asked him if the books were his , and whether he stood by their contents .
céloron threatened " old briton " with severe consequences if he continued to trade with the british .
in the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ( lds church ) , the teacher is an office in the aaronic priesthood , generally conferred on young boys or recent converts , and has little in common with the " spiritual teacher " archetype .
key selling points were the improvement in picture and sound quality , increased number of channels and an interactive service branded open ... . now called sky active , bskyb competed with the ondigital ( later itv digital ) terrestrial offering and cable services .
the population of pons aelius at this period was estimated at 2,000. fragments of hadrian 's wall are still visible in parts of newcastle , particularly along the west road .
the adaptive immune response is antigen-specific and requires the recognition of specific " non-self " antigens during a process called antigen presentation .
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars .
the alga cyanophora , a glaucophyte , is thought to be one of the first organisms to contain a chloroplast .
on his 50th birthday in 1906 , tesla demonstrated his 200 horsepower ( 150 kilowatts ) 16,000 rpm bladeless turbine .
among other things , the new constitution delegates more power to local governments and gives kenyans a bill of rights .
pro bowl linebacker von miller led the team with 11 sacks , forced four fumbles , and recovered three .
cabot science library , lamont library , and widener library are three of the most popular libraries for undergraduates to use , with easy access and central locations .
the acme of the horizontal engine was the corliss steam engine , patented in 1849 , which was a four-valve counter flow engine with separate steam admission and exhaust valves and automatic variable steam cutoff .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
dikes , long , planar igneous intrusions , enter along cracks , and therefore often form in large numbers in areas that are being actively deformed .
genghis khan united the mongol and turkic tribes of the steppes and became great khan in 1206. he and his successors expanded the mongol empire across asia .
ba'athism , arab socialism , and arab nationalism suffered , and different democratic and anti-democratic islamist movements inspired by maududi and sayyid qutb gained ground .
chloroplasts are a special type of a plant cell organelle called a plastid , though the two terms are sometimes used interchangeably .
led by isaiah d. hart , residents wrote a charter for a town government , which was approved by the florida legislative council on february 9 , 1832 .
the harvard university library system is centered in widener library in harvard yard and comprises nearly 80 individual libraries holding over 18 million volumes .
he had the theses checked for heresy and in december 1517 forwarded them to rome .
this phenomenon is called color confinement .
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation .
according to messiaen this way of composing was " inspired by the movements of nature , movements of free and unequal durations " .
interethnic marriage between han and jurchen became common at this time .
some scientists argue that the rainforest was reduced to small , isolated refugia separated by open forest and grassland ; other scientists argue that the rainforest remained largely intact but extended less far to the north , south , and east than is seen today .
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot .
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality .
exceptional examples of the bourgeois architecture of the later periods were not restored by the communist authorities after the war ( like mentioned kronenberg palace and insurance company rosja building ) or they were rebuilt in socialist realism style ( like warsaw philharmony edifice originally inspired by palais garnier in paris ) .
it was not until january 1518 that friends of luther translated the 95 theses from latin into german and printed and widely copied them , making the controversy one of the first in history to be aided by the printing press .
sky+ hd material is broadcast using mpeg-4 and most of the hd material uses the dvb-s2 standard .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
he also made a cameo appearance in the talons of weng-chiang ( as a music hall conductor ) .
20th century fox , lionsgate , paramount pictures , universal studios and walt disney studios paid for movie trailers to be aired during the super bowl .
anticipating that currency values would fluctuate unpredictably for a time , the industrialized nations increased their reserves ( by expanding their money supplies ) in amounts far greater than before .
albert einstein extended the principle of inertia further when he explained that reference frames subject to constant acceleration , such as those free-falling toward a gravitating object , were physically equivalent to inertial reference frames .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
when suffering from sleep deprivation , active immunizations may have a diminished effect and may result in lower antibody production , and a lower immune response , than would be noted in a well-rested individual .
the warsaw uprising museum also operates a rare preserved and operating historic stereoscopic theatre , the warsaw fotoplastikon .
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012. kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip .
the descendants of rollo 's vikings and their frankish wives would replace the norse religion and old norse language with catholicism ( christianity ) and the gallo-romance language of the local people , blending their maternal frankish heritage with old norse traditions and customs to synthesize a unique " norman " culture in the north of france .
fringe or splinter movements inspired by the final writings of qutb in the mid-1960s ( particularly the manifesto milestones , a.k.a .
twigg suggested that the cause was a form of anthrax , and norman cantor ( 2001 ) thought it may have been a combination of anthrax and other pandemics .
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier .
private bill committees have been set up to consider legislation on issues such as the development of the edinburgh tram network , the glasgow airport rail link , the airdrie-bathgate rail link and extensions to the national gallery of scotland .
it was believed that a certain person 's behaviours were determined by the environment in which they lived and thus validated their domination .
β-carotene is a bright red-orange carotenoid found in nearly all chloroplasts , like chlorophyll a. xanthophylls , especially the orange-red zeaxanthin , are also common .
one of the first norman mercenaries to serve as a byzantine general was hervé in the 1050s .
there are two major bus stations in the city : haymarket bus station and eldon square bus station .
most canadians have access to at least one u.s.-based abc affiliate , either over-the-air ( in areas located within proximity to the canada–united states border ) or through a cable , satellite or iptv provider , although most abc programs are subject to simultaneous substitution regulations imposed by the canadian radio-television and telecommunications commission that allow pay television providers to replace an american station 's signal with the feed of a canadian broadcaster to protect domestic programming rights and advertising revenue .
the delay in the csm caused by the fire enabled nasa to catch up on man-rating the lm and saturn v. apollo 4 ( as-501 ) was the first unmanned flight of the saturn v , carrying a block i csm on november 9 , 1967. the capability of the command module 's heat shield to survive a trans-lunar reentry was demonstrated by using the service module engine to ram it into the atmosphere at higher than the usual earth-orbital reentry speed .
this involves publishing default emission factors , which are factors used to derive emissions estimates based on the levels of fuel consumption , industrial production and so on .
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality .
if the water level drops , such that the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly , the lead melts and the steam escapes , warning the operators , who may then manually suppress the fire .
he set the nfl 's all-time record for career passing yards in this game , but was benched after throwing four interceptions in favor of backup quarterback brock osweiler , who took over as the starter for most of the remainder of the regular season .
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections .
it has also allowed for the rapid spread of technologies and ideas .
on 29 february 2008 , representatives of pnu and odm began working on the finer details of the power-sharing agreement .
later in his life , he did not consider himself to be a " believer in the orthodox sense , " and opposed religious fanaticism .
despite this and another noticeable ratings decline , abc would manage to outrate nbc for third place by a larger margin than the previous year .
visitors arrived by steamboat and later by railroad .
eight original series serials have been released on laserdisc and many have also been released on betamax tape and video 2000. one episode of doctor who ( the infinite quest ) was released on vcd .
islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect islam , while the contrary idea that islam is , or can be , apolitical is an error .
kublai created the imperial academy of medicine to manage medical treatises and the education of new doctors .
the first methodist clergy were ordained by john wesley , a priest of the church of england , because of the crisis caused by the american revolution which isolated the methodists in the states from the church of england and its sacraments .
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made .
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean .
presented to the scottish parliament by the queen upon its official opening in july 1999 , the mace is displayed in a glass case suspended from the lid .
overall , between 1992 and 2008 the percent of pupils in such schools in germany increased from 6.1 % to 7.8 % ( including rise from 0.5 % to 6.1 % in the former gdr ) .
while most internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs and require a valid prescription , some internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs without requiring a prescription .
in fact , the united methodist church uses unfermented grape juice in the sacrament of holy communion , thus " expressing pastoral concern for recovering alcoholics , enabling the participation of children and youth , and supporting the church 's witness of abstinence . "
it is the uk 's largest pay-tv broadcaster with 11 million customers as of 2015. it was the uk 's most popular digital tv service until it was overtaken by freeview in april 2007. its corporate headquarters are based in isleworth .
aristotle misinterpreted this motion as being caused by the applied force .
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum .
in europe there are old pharmacies still operating in dubrovnik , croatia , located inside the franciscan monastery , opened in 1317 ; and in the town hall square of tallinn , estonia , dating from at least 1422. the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum .
the british superintendent for indian affairs in the new york region and beyond , johnson was known to the iroquois as warraghiggey , meaning " he who does great things . "
throughout the middle ages , newcastle was england 's northern fortress .
mohandas gandhi pleaded guilty and told the court , " i am here to .
johann eck , speaking on behalf of the empire as assistant of the archbishop of trier , presented luther with copies of his writings laid out on a table and asked him if the books were his , and whether he stood by their contents .
the british were supported in the war by the iroquois six nations , and also by the cherokee – until differences sparked the anglo-cherokee war in 1758. in 1758 the pennsylvania government successfully negotiated the treaty of easton , in which a number of tribes in the ohio country promised neutrality in exchange for land concessions and other considerations .
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
but some activists have opted to enter a blind plea , pleading guilty without any plea agreement in place .
if member states place considerable obstacles on the use of a product , this can also infringe article 34. so , in a 2009 case , commission v italy , the court of justice held that an italian law prohibiting motorcycles or mopeds pulling trailers infringed article 34. again , the law applied neutrally to everyone , but disproportionately affected importers , because italian companies did not make trailers .
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden .
this traditional name continues as the standard in the united states , but it obscures the fact that indians fought on both sides of the conflict , and that this was part of the seven years ' war , a much larger conflict between france and great britain .
unlike a traditional community pharmacy where prescriptions for any common medication can be brought in and filled , specialty pharmacies carry novel medications that need to be properly stored , administered , carefully monitored , and clinically managed .
for example , integers can be represented in binary notation , and graphs can be encoded directly via their adjacency matrices , or by encoding their adjacency lists in binary .
controlled , experimental studies exploring intrinsic motivation of college students has shown that nonverbal expressions of enthusiasm , such as demonstrative gesturing , dramatic movements which are varied , and emotional facial expressions , result in college students reporting higher levels of intrinsic motivation to learn .
the expedition covered about 3,000 miles ( 4,800 km ) between june and november 1749. it went up the st. lawrence , continued along the northern shore of lake ontario , crossed the portage at niagara , and followed the southern shore of lake erie .
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly .
one of the key factors in the mix of the zaju variety show was the incorporation of poetry both classical and of the newer qu form .
the harvard medical school , harvard school of dental medicine , and the harvard school of public health are located on a 21-acre ( 8.5 ha ) campus in the longwood medical and academic area approximately 3.3 miles ( 5.3 km ) southwest of downtown boston and 3.3 miles ( 5.3 km ) south of the cambridge campus .
ideal strings transmit tension forces instantaneously in action-reaction pairs so that if two objects are connected by an ideal string , any force directed along the string by the first object is accompanied by a force directed along the string in the opposite direction by the second object .
also , very unequal societies tend to be politically and socially unstable , which is reflected in lower rates of investment and therefore growth . "
northeastern france drains to the rhine via the moselle ; smaller rivers drain the vosges and jura mountains uplands .
the panthers could not gain any yards with their possession and had to punt .
the mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005 ( 22,392 km2 or 8,646 sq mi per year ) was 18 % higher than in the previous five years ( 19,018 km2 or 7,343 sq mi per year ) .
in addition to supplying these drugs , specialty pharmacies also provide lab monitoring , adherence counseling , and assist patients with cost-containment strategies needed to obtain their expensive specialty drugs .
conversely , education raises incomes and promotes growth because it helps to unleash the productive potential of the poor .
at the time the only concern was that member states should be prevented from violating human rights , hence the establishment of the european convention on human rights in 1950 and the establishment of the european court of human rights .
isaac surrendered and was confined with silver chains , because richard had promised that he would not place him in irons .
helper t cells have a weaker association with the mhc : antigen complex than observed for killer t cells , meaning many receptors ( around 200–300 ) on the helper t cell must be bound by an mhc : antigen in order to activate the helper cell , while killer t cells can be activated by engagement of a single mhc : antigen molecule .
cajetan 's original instructions had been to arrest luther if he failed to recant , but the legate desisted from doing so .
for example , an experienced teacher and parent described the place of a teacher in learning as follows : " the real bulk of learning takes place in self-study and problem solving with a lot of feedback around that loop .
the 2007 lisbon treaty explicitly recognised fundamental rights by providing in article 6 ( 1 ) that " the union recognises the rights , freedoms and principles set out in the charter of fundamental rights of the european union of 7 december 2000 , as adopted at strasbourg on 12 december 2007 , which shall have the same legal value as the treaties . "
as luther later noted , " the pope had a finger in the pie as well , because one half was to go to the building of st peter 's church in rome " .
the election produced a majority snp government , making this the first time in the scottish parliament where a party has commanded a parliamentary majority .
in december 1984 , thomas s. murphy , chief executive officer of capital cities communications , contacted leonard goldenson about a proposal to merge their respective companies .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
european examples include a dormer window dated 1523–35 from the chateau of montal .
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest .
this deposition of complement can also kill cells directly by disrupting their plasma membrane .
martin luther ( /ˈluːθər/ or /ˈluːðər/ ; german : [ ˈmaɐ̯tiːn ˈlʊtɐ ] ( listen ) ; 10 november 1483 – 18 february 1546 ) was a german professor of theology , composer , priest , former monk and a seminal figure in the protestant reformation .
the commercialisation of the pigeon pea is now enabling some farmers to buy assets , ranging from mobile phones to productive land and livestock , and is opening pathways for them to move out of poverty .
the art deco period is covered by rugs and fabrics designed by marion dorn .
up to the election of 1960 , kennedy had been speaking out against the " missile gap " that he and many other senators felt had formed between the soviets and themselves due to the inaction of president eisenhower .
analyzing a particular algorithm falls under the field of analysis of algorithms .
under the terms of the scotland act 1978 , an elected assembly would be set up in edinburgh provided that the majority of the scottish electorate voted for it in a referendum to be held on 1 march 1979 that represented at least 40 % of the total electorate .
six soundtrack releases have been released since 2005. the first featured tracks from the first two series , the second and third featured music from the third and fourth series respectively .
the city 's tourism , however , was dealt major blows in the late 19th century by yellow fever outbreaks .
temujin 's resentment erupted during one hunting excursion that temüjin and his brother khasar killed their half-brother begter .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
the royal geographical society of london and other geographical societies in europe had great influence and were able to fund travelers who would come back with tales of their discoveries .
there are different committees with their functions set out in different ways .
in education , teachers facilitate student learning , often in a school or academy or perhaps in another environment such as outdoors .
the lunar module provided propulsion , electrical power and life support to get the crew home safely .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
in 1529 , he wrote the large catechism , a manual for pastors and teachers , as well as a synopsis , the small catechism , to be memorised by the people themselves .
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section .
many complexity classes are defined using the concept of a reduction .
the black death ravaged europe for three years before it continued on into russia , where the disease was present somewhere in the country 25 times between 1350 to 1490. plague epidemics ravaged london in 1563 , 1593 , 1603 , 1625 , 1636 , and 1665 , reducing its population by 10 to 30 % during those years .
moreover , warsaw was ranked as the 7th greatest emerging market .
the essence is there are three readings , starting with a commission proposal , where the parliament must vote by a majority of all meps ( not just those present ) to block or suggest changes , and the council must vote by qualified majority to approve changes , but by unanimity to block commission amendment .
[ b ] the highest energy , partially filled orbitals are antibonding , and so their filling weakens the bond order from three to two .
in modern particle physics , forces and the acceleration of particles are explained as a mathematical by-product of exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons .
a user or host could call a host on a foreign network by including the dnic of the remote network as part of the destination address .
roman catholics form the single largest religious group in the state with 26.7 % of the victorian population , followed by anglicans and members of the uniting church .
disney shareholders approved the merger at a special conference in new york city on january 4 , 1996 , with the acquisition of capital cities/abc being completed on february 9 ; following the sale , disney renamed its new subsidiary abc inc. in addition to the abc network , the disney acquisition integrated abc 's ten owned-and-operated television and 21 radio stations ; its 80 % interest in espn , ownership interests in the history channel , a & e television networks , and lifetime entertainment ; and capital cities/abc 's magazine and newspaper properties into the company .
in february 2010 , in response to controversies regarding claims in the fourth assessment report , five climate scientists – all contributing or lead ipcc report authors – wrote in the journal nature calling for changes to the ipcc .
opposition politicians , human rights groups , and nine western countries criticised the security bill , arguing that it infringed on democratic freedoms .
but now that human capital is scarcer than machines , widespread education has become the secret to growth . "
the increasing use of technology , specifically the rise of the internet over the past decade , has begun to shape the way teachers approach their roles in the classroom .
the colorado experiments had prepared tesla for the establishment of the trans-atlantic wireless telecommunications facility known as wardenclyffe near shoreham , long island .
steven r. ward wrote that " overall , the mongol violence and depredations killed up to three-fourths of the population of the iranian plateau , possibly 10 to 15 million people .
in 1844 , the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences because of tensions over slavery and the power of bishops in the denomination .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
nurses treat 80 % of the population who visit dispensaries , health centres and private clinics in rural and under-served urban areas .
confucian scholars were attracted to the medical profession because it ensured a high income and medical ethics were compatible with confucian virtues .
to the south and with a population of 1,307,402 is san diego , the second most populous city in the state and the eighth most populous in the nation .
they are bounded by four membranes , but the membranes are not connected to the endoplasmic reticulum .
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs .
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) .
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers .
in the late 1980s , jon pertwee and colin baker both played the doctor at different times during the run of a play titled doctor who – the ultimate adventure .
accordingly , the term odd prime refers to any prime number greater than 2. similarly , when written in the usual decimal system , all prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1 , 3 , 7 , or 9 , since even numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5 .
the block ii design already called for replacement of the block i plug-type hatch cover with a quick-release , outward opening door .
on october 19 , 2005 , abc announced the restructuring of the group into six divisions : entertainment communications , communications resources , kids communications , news communications , corporate communications , and international communications .
when johnson was seen as the larger threat , vaudreuil sent dieskau to fort st. frédéric to meet that threat .
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
instead , kublai khan , the founder of the yuan dynasty , favored buddhism , especially the tibetan variants .
during this hold , an electrical fire began in the cabin , and spread quickly in the high pressure , 100 % oxygen atmosphere .
the second and third stages burned liquid hydrogen , and the third stage was a modified version of the s-ivb , with thrust increased to 230,000 lbf ( 1,020 kn ) and capability to restart the engine for translunar injection after reaching a parking orbit .
it is home to 60 % of australia 's 3 million dairy cattle and produces nearly two-thirds of the nation 's milk , almost 6.4 billion litres .
the bbc was given the highlights of most of the matches , while bskyb paying £304m for the premier league rights , would give them a monopoly of all live matches , up to 60 per year from the 1992 season .
european empires in asia and africa " have come to be seen as the classic forms of imperialism : and indeed most books on the subject confine themselves to the european seaborne empires " .
he was buried in an unmarked grave somewhere in mongolia at an unknown location .
chinese physicians opposed western medicine because its humoral system contradicted the yin-yang and wuxing philosophy underlying traditional chinese medicine .
by the pliocene period , the rhine had captured streams down to the vosges mountains , including the mosel , the main and the neckar .
it is dominated and heavily dependent upon abundance of petroleum , as opposed to other regions where automobiles not nearly as dominant , the vast majority of transport runs on this fuel .
there have been numerous attempts to revitalize the neighborhood , including the construction of a modern shopping center on the corner of fresno and b streets , an aborted attempt to build luxury homes and a golf course on the western edge of the neighborhood , and some new section 8 apartments have been built along church ave west of elm st. cargill meat solutions and foster farms both have large processing facilities in the neighborhood , and the stench from these ( and other small industrial facilities ) has long plagued area residents .
victoria ( abbreviated as vic ) is a state in the south-east of australia .
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 .
after allying himself with croatia and the catholic cities of dalmatia , in 1081 he led an army of 30,000 men in 300 ships landing on the southern shores of albania , capturing valona , kanina , jericho ( orikumi ) , and reaching butrint after numerous pillages .
the history of the steam engine stretches back as far as the first century ad ; the first recorded rudimentary steam engine being the aeolipile described by greek mathematician hero of alexandria .
the network had earlier reached an eleventh-hour deal to renew its carriage agreement with the provider on december 31 , 1999. abc filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to force twc to restore the affected stations ; the fcc ruled in favor of abc , ordering time warner cable to restore the stations , doing so on the afternoon of may 2. abc ended the 2000–01 season as the most-watched network , ahead of nbc .
the network hired the troika design group to design and produce its 2001–02 identity , which continued using the black-and-yellow coloring of the logo and featured dots and stripes in various promotional and identification spots .
the dalek race , which first appeared in the show 's second serial in 1963 , are doctor who 's oldest villains .
meanwhile , nasa performed its own in-house spacecraft design studies led by maxime faget , to serve as a gauge to judge and monitor the three industry designs .
over the years , this has been made more difficult by court decisions such as sparf v. united states , which held that the judge need not inform jurors of their nullification prerogative , and united states v. dougherty , which held that the judge need not allow defendants to openly seek jury nullification .
martin luther married katharina von bora , one of 12 nuns he had helped escape from the nimbschen cistercian convent in april 1523 , when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels .
on july 23 , 1963 , webb announced mueller 's appointment as deputy associate administrator for manned space flight , to replace then associate administrator d. brainerd holmes on his retirement effective september 1. under webb 's reorganization , the directors of the manned spacecraft center ( gilruth ) marshall space flight center ( von braun ) and the launch operations center ( debus ) effectively reported to mueller .
after a chloroplast polypeptide is synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol , an enzyme specific to chloroplast proteins phosphorylates , or adds a phosphate group to many ( but not all ) of them in their transit sequences .
nevertheless , professor richard ( dick ) geary , former professor of modern history at the university of nottingham , england , and the author of hitler and nazism ( routledge 1993 ) , wrote in the journal history today an article on who voted for the nazis in elections held from 1928-1933 , where he claimed that from his research he found that the nazis gained disproportionately more votes from protestant than catholic areas of germany .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
victorian lines mainly use the 1,600 mm ( 5 ft 3 in ) broad gauge .
average temperatures exceed 32 °c ( 90 °f ) during summer and 15 °c ( 59 °f ) in winter .
these flights validated the service module engine and the command module heat shield .
other students mocked them , saying they were the " holy club " and " the methodists " , being methodical and exceptionally detailed in their bible study , opinions and disciplined lifestyle .
around 2.5 million years ago ( ending 11,600 years ago ) was the geological period of the ice ages .
in 1939 , c. 1,300,000 people lived in warsaw , but in 1945 – only 420,000. during the first years after the war , the population growth was c. 6 % , so shortly the city started to suffer from the lack of flats and of areas for new houses .
steven barkan writes that if defendants plead not guilty , " they must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine , or to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case and their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience . "
these are the greater los angeles area at 17,786,419 , and san diego–tijuana at 5,105,768. of these metropolitan areas , the los angeles-long beach-santa ana metropolitan area , riverside-san bernardino-ontario metropolitan area , and oxnard-thousand oaks-ventura metropolitan area form greater los angeles ; while the el centro metropolitan area and san diego-carlsbad-san marcos metropolitan area form the southern border region .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
the images were from tapes in australia , the cbs news archive , and kinescope recordings made at johnson space center .
although the famous mughal emperors were proud descendants of genghis khan and particularly timur , they clearly distanced themselves from the mongol atrocities committed against the khwarizim shahs , turks , persians , the citizens of baghdad and damascus , nishapur , bukhara and historical figures such as attar of nishapur and many other notable muslims .
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
the first settlement in the area occurred in 1803 at sullivan bay , and much of what is now victoria was included in the port phillip district in 1836 , an administrative division of new south wales .
on april 29 , 1961 , abc debuted wide world of sports , an anthology series created by edgar scherick through his company sports programs , inc. and produced by a young roone arledge which featured a different sporting event each broadcast .
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl .
they also spread beyond europe to the dutch cape colony in south africa , the dutch east indies , the caribbean , and several of the english colonies of north america , and quebec , where they were accepted and allowed to worship freely .
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions .
it is also the home of the sunnyside country club , which maintains a golf course designed by william p. bell .
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere .
johnson responded approximately one week later , concluding that " we are neither making maximum effort nor achieving results necessary if this country is to reach a position of leadership . "
before the return of the collections after the war , the britain can make it exhibition was held between september and november 1946 , attracting nearly a million and a half visitors .
geographically , california 's north-south midway point lies at exactly 37° 9 ' 58.23 " latitude , around 11 miles ( 18 km ) south of san jose ; however , this does not coincide with popular use of the term .
the function of the teacher is to pressure the lazy , inspire the bored , deflate the cocky , encourage the timid , detect and correct individual flaws , and broaden the viewpoint of all .
tesla 's back was severely wrenched and three of his ribs were broken in the accident ( the full extent of his injuries will never be known ; tesla refused to consult a doctor—an almost lifelong custom ) .
after his father 's death in 1879 , tesla found a package of letters from his professors to his father , warning that unless he were removed from the school , tesla would be killed through overwork .
their use in agriculture led to an increase in the land available for cultivation .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
the score marked the first time in the entire postseason that carolina was facing a deficit .
martin luther was born to hans luder ( or ludher , later luther ) and his wife margarethe ( née lindemann ) on 10 november 1483 in eisleben , saxony , then part of the holy roman empire .
luther and his colleagues introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the electorate of saxony , which began in 1527. they also assessed the standard of pastoral care and christian education in the territory .
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer .
during the divestment from south africa movement in the late 1980s , student activists erected a symbolic " shantytown " on harvard yard and blockaded a speech given by south african vice consul duke kent-brown .
some buyers lamented the small size of the first japanese compacts , and both toyota and nissan ( then known as datsun ) introduced larger cars such as the toyota corona mark ii , the toyota cressida , the mazda 616 and datsun 810 , which added passenger space and amenities such as air conditioning , power steering , am-fm radios , and even power windows and central locking without increasing the price of the vehicle .
the aim of the uniflow is to remedy this defect and improve efficiency by providing an additional port uncovered by the piston at the end of each stroke making the steam flow only in one direction .
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
it was however superseded by the british invention steam turbine where speed was required , for instance in warships , such as the dreadnought battleships , and ocean liners .
nevertheless , his misguided agitation had the evil result that luther fatefully became one of the 'church fathers ' of anti-semitism and thus provided material for the modern hatred of the jews , cloaking it with the authority of the reformer . "
tension with paris led to a siege by the royal army in 1622. peace terms called for the dismantling of the city 's fortifications .
taking advantage of economic failure and unpopular social liberalization and secularization by the ruling leftist-nationalist fln government , it used its preaching to advocate the establishment of a legal system following sharia law , economic liberalization and development program , education in arabic rather than french , and gender segregation , with women staying home to alleviate the high rate of unemployment among young algerian men .
clinical pharmacists care for patients in all health care settings , but the clinical pharmacy movement initially began inside hospitals and clinics .
for instance , american geographer ellen churchill semple argued that even though human beings originated in the tropics they were only able to become fully human in the temperate zone .
its views were outlined in a pamphlet written by muhammad abd al-salaam farag , in which he states :
from newcastle international ferry terminal , at north shields , danish dfds seaways run a service to ijmuiden ( near amsterdam ) .
the construction of delta works changed the delta in the second half of the 20th century fundamentally .
uniflow engines attempt to remedy the difficulties arising from the usual counterflow cycle where , during each stroke , the port and the cylinder walls will be cooled by the passing exhaust steam , whilst the hotter incoming admission steam will waste some of its energy in restoring working temperature .
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " .
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . "
some huguenots fought in the low countries alongside the dutch against spain during the first years of the dutch revolt ( 1568–1609 ) .
rca converted the nbc blue network into an independent subsidiary , formally divorcing the operations of nbc red and nbc blue on january 8 , 1942 , with the blue network being referred to on-air as either " blue " or " blue network " .
71 % of its imported oil came from the middle east in 1970. on november 7 , 1973 , the saudi and kuwaiti governments declared japan a " nonfriendly " country to encourage it to change its noninvolvement policy .
john dalton 's original atomic hypothesis assumed that all elements were monatomic and that the atoms in compounds would normally have the simplest atomic ratios with respect to one another .
the beroida , also known as nuda , have no feeding appendages , but their large pharynx , just inside the large mouth and filling most of the saclike body , bears " macrocilia " at the oral end .
prince louis de condé , along with his sons daniel and osias , [ citation needed ] arranged with count ludwig von nassau-saarbrücken to establish a huguenot community in present-day saarland in 1604. the count supported mercantilism and welcomed technically skilled immigrants into his lands , regardless of their religion .
in 1981 , abc ( through its abc video services division ) launched the alpha repertory television service ( arts ) , a cable channel operated as a joint venture with the hearst corporation offering cultural and arts programming , which aired as a nighttime service over the channel space of nickelodeon .
the daily mail newspaper reported in 2012 that the uk government 's benefits agency was checking claimants ' " sky tv bills to establish if a woman in receipt of benefits as a single mother is wrongly claiming to be living alone " – as , it claimed , subscription to sports channels would betray a man 's presence in the household .
the presiding officer ( or deputy presiding officer ) decides who speaks in chamber debates and the amount of time for which they are allowed to speak .
starting in 1934 , the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company began paying tesla $ 125 per month as well as paying his rent at the hotel new yorker , expenses the company would pay for the rest of tesla 's life .
while this effect is manifested macroscopically as a structural force , it is technically only the result of the existence of a finite set of electron states .
in 1935 , chicago maroons football player jay berwanger became the first winner of the heisman trophy .
for example , it is not uncommon for mongolians to refer to their country as " genghis khan 's mongolia " , to themselves as " genghis khan 's children " , and to genghis khan as the " father of the mongols " especially among the younger generation .
the ming founder zhu yuanzhang had muslim generals like lan yu who rebelled against the mongols and defeated them in combat .
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique .
" bairn " and " hyem " , meaning " child " and " home " , respectively , are examples of geordie words with origins in scandinavia ; barn and hjem are the corresponding modern norwegian and danish words .
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923. during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa .
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom .
abc also carries various x games weekend events not broadcast by espn .
europe 's expansion into territorial imperialism was largely focused on economic growth by collecting resources from colonies , in combination with assuming political control by military and political means .
it can require the commission respond to questions and by a two-thirds majority can censure the whole commission ( as happened to the santer commission in 1999 ) .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
soon after , much of tesla 's early research—hundreds of invention models , plans , notes , laboratory data , tools , photographs , valued at $ 50,000—was lost in the 5th avenue laboratory fire of march 1895. tesla is quoted by the new york times as saying , " i am in too much grief to talk .
as well as the proposer , other members normally contribute to the debate .
in 2010 the amazon rainforest experienced another severe drought , in some ways more extreme than the 2005 drought .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
through experimentation , it is determined that laboratory measurements of forces are fully consistent with the conceptual definition of force offered by newtonian mechanics .
the secondary level includes schools offering years 7 through 12 ( year twelve is known as lower sixth ) and year 13 ( upper sixth ) .
in connectionless mode each packet includes complete addressing information .
the institute will cost around $ 200 million and occupy the buildings of the chicago theological seminary .
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii .
apollo 5 ( as-204 ) was the first unmanned test flight of lm in earth orbit , launched from pad 37 on january 22 , 1968 , by the saturn ib that would have been used for apollo 1. the lm engines were successfully test-fired and restarted , despite a computer programming error which cut short the first descent stage firing .
pawiak , an infamous german gestapo prison now occupied by a mausoleum of memory of martyrdom and the museum , is only the beginning of a walk in the traces of heroic city .
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event .
the first geological map of the u.s. was produced in 1809 by william maclure .
the executive summary of the wg i summary for policymakers report says they are certain that emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases , resulting on average in an additional warming of the earth 's surface .
preschool teachers may earn £20,980 annually .
revolutionary civil disobedience is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ( or to change cultural traditions , social customs , religious beliefs , etc ... revolution does n't have to be political , i.e .
on 11 july 1934 , the new york herald tribune published an article on tesla , in which he recalled an event that would occasionally take place while experimenting with his single-electrode vacuum tubes ; a minute particle would break off the cathode , pass out of the tube , and physically strike him .
average temperatures are less than 9 °c ( 48 °f ) in winter and below 0 °c ( 32 °f ) in the highest parts of the ranges .
most early greeks did not even consider 1 to be a number , so they could not consider it to be a prime .
it also featured the specially filmed mini-episode " music of the spheres " , written by russell t davies and starring david tennant .
in the united kingdom , bbc radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will carry the contest .
in 1807 , maclure commenced the self-imposed task of making a geological survey of the united states .
in scotland , anyone wishing to teach must be registered with the general teaching council for scotland ( gtcs ) .
southern california is home to many major business districts .
martin luther was born to hans luder ( or ludher , later luther ) and his wife margarethe ( née lindemann ) on 10 november 1483 in eisleben , saxony , then part of the holy roman empire .
gamma delta t cells ( γδ t cells ) possess an alternative t cell receptor ( tcr ) as opposed to cd4+ and cd8+ ( αβ ) t cells and share the characteristics of helper t cells , cytotoxic t cells and nk cells .
this difference was particularly apparent in textual and visual works of early european studies of the orient that positioned the east as irrational and backward in opposition to the rational and progressive west .
it is connected to the city via the metro light rail system and a journey into newcastle city centre takes approximately 20 minutes .
the institute will cost around $ 200 million and occupy the buildings of the chicago theological seminary .
that is , luther depicted the trinity not as a doctrine to be learned , but as persons to be known .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
the programme has replaced all ticket machines and introduced ticket gates at the busiest stations - part of the transition to smart ticketing .
eisner left abc in 1976 to become president of paramount pictures ( and would later become the president of abc 's eventual parent company , disney ) .
the mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005 ( 22,392 km2 or 8,646 sq mi per year ) was 18 % higher than in the previous five years ( 19,018 km2 or 7,343 sq mi per year ) .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
in 1529 , warsaw for the first time became the seat of the general sejm , permanent from 1569. in 1573 the city gave its name to the warsaw confederation , formally establishing religious freedom in the polish–lithuanian commonwealth .
the service started on 1 september 1993 based on the idea from the then chief executive officer , sam chisholm and rupert murdoch , of converting the company business strategy to an entirely fee-based concept .
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return .
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species .
a referendum to vote on the proposed constitution was held on 4 august 2010 , and the new constitution passed by a wide margin .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
creating an index of " health and social problems " from nine factors , authors richard wilkinson and kate pickett found health and social problems " more common in countries with bigger income inequalities " , and more common among states in the us with larger income inequalities .
courts have distinguished between two types of civil disobedience : " indirect civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not , itself , the object of protest , whereas direct civil disobedience involves protesting the existence of a particular law by breaking that law . "
the grainger market architecture , like most in grainger town , which are either grade i or ii listed , was listed grade i in 1954 by english heritage .
industrial includes refineries , process chemical , power generation , mills and manufacturing plants .
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales .
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church .
its existence was first proved in 1962 , and first sequenced in 1986—when two japanese research teams sequenced the chloroplast dna of liverwort and tobacco .
houghton has stressed that the spm is agreed upon by delegates from many of the world 's governments , and that any changes to the spm must be supported by scientific evidence .
the result indicates that the rainforest could be threatened though the 21st century by climate change in addition to deforestation .
jacksonville surrounds the town of baldwin .
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area .
cabinet consists of representatives elected to either house of parliament .
geopolitics now focuses on states becoming major economic players in the market ; some states today are viewed as empires due to their political and economic authority over other nations .
with his mathematical insight , sir isaac newton formulated laws of motion that were not improved-on for nearly three hundred years .
there were 12,843 ( 8.1 % ) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships , and 1,388 ( 0.9 % ) same-sex married couples or partnerships .
within a few months , the budapest telephone exchange became functional and tesla was allocated the chief electrician position .
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards .
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status .
the issues of conflicting territorial claims between british and french colonies in north america were turned over to a commission to resolve , but it reached no decision .
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since .
the average mongol garrison family of the yuan dynasty seems to have lived a life of decaying rural leisure , with income from the harvests of their chinese tenants eaten up by costs of equipping and dispatching men for their tours of duty .
she gave birth to a son , jochi ( 1185–1226 ) , nine months later , clouding the issue of his parentage .
the soviet union and the people ’ s republic of china supported post–world war ii communist movements in foreign nations and colonies to advance their own interests , but were not always successful .
johnson responded approximately one week later , concluding that " we are neither making maximum effort nor achieving results necessary if this country is to reach a position of leadership . "
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes .
by connecting the same string multiple times to the same object through the use of a set-up that uses movable pulleys , the tension force on a load can be multiplied .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library .
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982. this building is of concrete and very functional , the only embellishment being the iron gates by christopher hay and douglas coyne of the royal college of art .
the genoese traders fled , taking the plague by ship into sicily and the south of europe , whence it spread north .
the abc logo first appeared as a on-screen bug in the 1993–94 season , appearing initially only for 60 seconds at the beginning of an act or segment , before appearing throughout programs ( except during commercial breaks ) beginning in the 1995–96 season ; the respective iterations of the translucent logo bug were also incorporated within program promotions until the 2011–12 season .
in the year 2011 two ipcc special report were finalized , the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) and the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation ( srex ) .
newton came to realize that the effects of gravity might be observed in different ways at larger distances .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
the rhine roughly forms the german-swiss border from lake constance with the exceptions of the canton of schaffhausen and parts of the cantons of zürich and basel-stadt , until it turns north at the so-called rhine knee at basel , leaving switzerland .
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland .
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view .
formed in 1946 , sierra sky park airport is a residential airport community born of a unique agreement in transportation law to allow personal aircraft and automobiles to share certain roads .
perhaps the most significant difference between primary school and secondary school teaching is the relationship between teachers and children .
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice .
the second step of the factory project is to catalog everything .
the computer science network ( csnet ) was a computer network funded by the u.s. national science foundation ( nsf ) that began operation in 1981. its purpose was to extend networking benefits , for computer science departments at academic and research institutions that could not be directly connected to arpanet , due to funding or authorization limitations .
water in equilibrium with air contains approximately 1 molecule of dissolved o 2 for every 2 molecules of n 2 , compared to an atmospheric ratio of approximately 1:4. the solubility of oxygen in water is temperature-dependent , and about twice as much ( 14.6 mg·l−1 ) dissolves at 0 °c than at 20 °c ( 7.6 mg·l−1 ) .
typically , ministers or party leaders open debates , with opening speakers given between 5 and 20 minutes , and succeeding speakers allocated less time .
following the conquest of dali in 1253 , the former ruling duan dynasty were appointed as governors-general , recognized as imperial officials by the yuan , ming , and qing-era governments , principally in the province of yunnan .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
they were descended from norse ( " norman " comes from " norseman " ) raiders and pirates from denmark , iceland and norway who , under their leader rollo , agreed to swear fealty to king charles iii of west francia .
these included raids or invasions of the qara khitai , caucasus , khwarezmid empire , western xia and jin dynasties .
indeed , this can be done by giving the same input to both inputs of the multiplication algorithm .
the first huguenots to leave france sought freedom from persecution in switzerland and the netherlands .
though the majority of art works on display date from the ming and qing dynasties , there are exquisite examples of objects dating from the tang dynasty and earlier periods .
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
pharmacy technicians are now more dependent upon automation to assist them in their new role dealing with patients ' prescriptions and patient safety issues .
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century .
the uniqueness in this theorem requires excluding 1 as a prime because one can include arbitrarily many instances of 1 in any factorization , e.g. , 3 , 1 · 3 , 1 · 1 · 3 , etc .
in 1211 , after the conquest of western xia , genghis khan planned again to conquer the jin dynasty .
fertilization is external in most species , but platyctenids use internal fertilization and keep the eggs in brood chambers until they hatch .
pushing against an object on a frictional surface can result in a situation where the object does not move because the applied force is opposed by static friction , generated between the object and the table surface .
it has been claimed that the hungarians under ferenc deák directed revolutionary civil disobedience against the austrian government .
in actuality , warsz was a 12th/13th-century nobleman who owned a village located at the modern-day site of mariensztat neighbourhood .
there , he explored the mountains in hunter 's garb .
luther responded to these theses with six series of theses against agricola and the antinomians , four of which became the basis for disputations between 1538 and 1540. he also responded to these assertions in other writings , such as his 1539 open letter to c. güttel against the antinomians , and his book on the councils and the church from the same year .
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
the alps are part of the great dividing range mountain system extending east-west through the centre of victoria .
they range in age from about 3.2 billion years for the basaltic samples derived from the lunar maria , to about 4.6 billion years for samples derived from the highlands crust .
luther and his wife moved into a former monastery , " the black cloister , " a wedding present from the new elector john the steadfast ( 1525–32 ) .
another definition for southern california uses point conception and the tehachapi mountains as the northern boundary .
gatherings of thousands of people on the banks of the vistula on midsummer ’ s night for a festival called wianki ( polish for wreaths ) have become a tradition and a yearly event in the programme of cultural events in warsaw .
philip segal , a british expatriate who worked for columbia pictures ' television arm in the united states , had approached the bbc about such a venture as early as july 1989 , while the 26th series was still in production .
disorders of the immune system can result in autoimmune diseases , inflammatory diseases and cancer .
the mermaid ( syrenka ) is warsaw 's symbol and can be found on statues throughout the city and on the city 's coat of arms .
other evidence of the walloons and huguenots in canterbury includes a block of houses in turnagain lane , where weavers ' windows survive on the top floor , as many huguenots worked as weavers .
however , the doctor 's tardis remains fixed as a blue british police box due to a malfunction in the chameleon circuit .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) .
chinese physicians were brought along military campaigns by the mongols as they expanded towards the west .
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus .
deacons serve a term of 2–3 years as provisional deacons prior to their ordination .
however , most of it is often based on necessity rather than opportunity .
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area .
the mayor of warsaw is called president .
on april 30 , 2000 , as a result of a carriage dispute with abc , time warner cable removed abc owned-and-operated stations from the cable provider 's systems in four markets ( wabc-tv in new york city , kabc-tv in los angeles , ktrk in houston and wtvd in raleigh-durham ) .
as of 2010 [ update ] , there were 821,784 people and 366,273 households in the city .
to the east of this were additional galleries , the decoration of which was the work of another designer owen jones , these were the oriental courts ( covering india , china and japan ) completed in 1863 , none of this decoration survives , part of these galleries became the new galleries covering the 19th century , opened in december 2006. the last work by fowke was the design for the range of buildings on the north and west sides of the garden , this includes the refreshment rooms , reinstated as the museum café in 2006 , with the silver gallery above , ( at the time the ceramics gallery ) , the top floor has a splendid lecture theatre although this is seldom open to the general public .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
from a poll done by the princeton review , harvard is the second most commonly named " dream college " , both for students and parents in 2013 , and was the first nominated by parents in 2009. in 2011 , the mines paristech : professional ranking world universities ranked harvard 1st university in the world in terms of number of alumni holding ceo position in fortune global 500 companies .
the largest construction projects are referred to as megaprojects .
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) .
in 1900 , the los angeles times defined southern california as including " the seven counties of los angeles , san bernardino , orange , riverside , san diego , ventura and santa barbara . "
among kublai khan 's top engineers and scientists was the astronomer guo shoujing , who was tasked with many public works projects and helped the yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year , which was only 26 seconds off the modern gregorian calendar 's measurement .
we will commit sins while we are here , for this life is not a place where justice resides . "
the unusually high concentration of oxygen gas on earth is the result of the oxygen cycle .
jacksonville consolidation , led by j. j. daniel and claude yates , began to win more support during this period , from both inner city blacks , who wanted more involvement in government , and whites in the suburbs , who wanted more services and more control over the central city .
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) .
these stages were called expansions , with double and triple expansion engines being common , especially in shipping where efficiency was important to reduce the weight of coal carried .
a commission on pan methodist cooperation and union formed in 2000 to carry out work on such a merger .
most of luxembourg and a very small part of belgium also drain to the rhine via the moselle .
the uk had traditionally been an ally of israel , and harold wilson 's government supported the israelis during the six-day war .
formed in november 1990 by the equal merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting , bskyb became the uk 's largest digital subscription television company .
los angeles ( at 3.7 million people ) and san diego ( at 1.3 million people ) , both in southern california , are the two largest cities in all of california ( and two of the eight largest cities in the united states ) .
based on principles laid out by william smith almost a hundred years before the publication of charles darwin 's theory of evolution , the principles of succession were developed independently of evolutionary thought .
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010. that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004. ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
successive projects encouraged the commercialisation of legumes , by stimulating the growth of local seed production and agro-dealer networks for distribution and marketing .
since turing machines are easy to analyze mathematically , and are believed to be as powerful as any other model of computation , the turing machine is the most commonly used model in complexity theory .
two future opponents in the american revolutionary war , washington and thomas gage , played key roles in organizing the retreat .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
in the early years , many huguenots also settled in the area of present-day charleston , south carolina .
mission controllers were able to use the service module engine to essentially repeat the flight profile of apollo 4. based on the good performance of apollo 6 and identification of satisfactory fixes to the apollo 6 problems , nasa declared the saturn v ready to fly men , cancelling a third unmanned test .
the theologian johann eck , however , was determined to expose luther 's doctrine in a public forum .
the disease bypassed some areas , and the most isolated areas were less vulnerable to contagion .
duisburg is the home of europe 's largest inland port and functions as a hub to the sea ports of rotterdam , antwerp and amsterdam .
in groener v minister for education the court of justice accepted that a requirement to speak gaelic to teach in a dublin design college could be justified as part of the public policy of promoting the irish language , but only if the measure was not disproportionate .
to avoid interference with existing vhf television stations in the san francisco bay area and those planned for chico , sacramento , salinas , and stockton , the federal communications commission decided that fresno would only have uhf television stations .
in 1418 , jean 's nephew maciot de bethencourt sold the rights to the islands to enrique pérez de guzmán , 2nd count de niebla .
22,000–14,000 yr bp , when ice-sheets covered scandinavia , the baltics , scotland and the alps , but left the space between as open tundra .
pushing against an object on a frictional surface can result in a situation where the object does not move because the applied force is opposed by static friction , generated between the object and the table surface .
there are a variety of bodies designed to instill , preserve and update the knowledge and professional standing of teachers .
the main difference is that heat addition ( in the boiler ) and rejection ( in the condenser ) are isobaric ( constant pressure ) processes in the rankine cycle and isothermal ( constant temperature ) processes in the theoretical carnot cycle .
according to geographic scholars under colonizing empires , the world could be split into climatic zones .
the study also found that there were two previously unknown but related clades ( genetic branches ) of the y. pestis genome associated with medieval mass graves .
deforestation is considerable , and areas cleared of forest are visible to the naked eye from outer space .
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek .
between 1232 and 1233 , kaifeng fell to the mongols under the reign of genghis ' third son , ögedei khan .
rocks at the depth to be ductilely stretched are often also metamorphosed .
in 1973 , nixon named william e. simon as the first administrator of the federal energy office , a short-term organization created to coordinate the response to the embargo .
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015. the previous chairs were rajendra k. pachauri , elected in may 2002 ; robert watson in 1997 ; and bert bolin in 1988. the chair is assisted by an elected bureau including vice-chairs , working group co-chairs , and a secretariat .
from the perspective of the person in the car , the vehicle and everything inside of it is at rest : it is the outside world that is moving with a constant speed in the opposite direction .
the later accidental introduction of beroe helped to mitigate the problem , as beroe preys on other ctenophores .
the u.s. government has engaged in efforts to counter islamism , or violent islamism , since 2001. these efforts were centred in the u.s. around public diplomacy programmes conducted by the state department .
the last active huguenot congregation in north america worships in charleston , south carolina , at a church that dates to 1844. the huguenot society of america maintains manakin episcopal church in virginia as an historic shrine with occasional services .
the annual transpacific yacht race , or transpac , from los angeles to hawaii , is one of yachting 's premier events .
; additionally , tower district is also known as the center of fresno 's local punk/goth/deathrock and heavy metal community .
errant members can be deselected as official party candidates during future elections , and , in serious cases , may be expelled from their parties outright .
harvard 's athletic rivalry with yale is intense in every sport in which they meet , coming to a climax each fall in the annual football meeting , which dates back to 1875 and is usually called simply " the game " .
st cuthbert 's high school and sacred heart are the two primary state-catholic run high schools , and are both achieving results on par with the independent schools in newcastle .
bskyb initially charged additional subscription fees for using a sky+ pvr with their service ; waiving the charge for subscribers whose package included two or more premium channels .
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 .
however , when kinetic friction is taken into consideration it is clear that there is no net force causing constant velocity motion .
the region spans from pacific ocean islands , shorelines , beaches , and coastal plains , through the transverse and peninsular ranges with their peaks , into the large and small interior valleys , to the vast deserts of california .
because the job of bundle sheath chloroplasts is to carry out the calvin cycle and make sugar , they often contain large starch grains .
this is a form of jail solidarity .
the first remedial measure was the warsaw area enlargement ( 1951 ) – but the city authorities were still forced to introduce residency registration limitations : only the spouses and children of the permanent residents as well as some persons of public importance ( like renowned specialists ) were allowed to get the registration , hence halving the population growth in the following years .
many customers order drugs from such pharmacies to avoid the " inconvenience " of visiting a doctor or to obtain medications which their doctors were unwilling to prescribe .
the electromagnetic force acts between electric charges , and the gravitational force acts between masses .
in 1938 , the fcc began a series of investigations into the practices of radio networks and published its report on the broadcasting of network radio programs in 1940. the report recommended that rca give up control of either nbc red or nbc blue .
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com .
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library .
the tallest building in downtown jacksonville 's skyline is the bank of america tower , constructed in 1990 as the barnett center .
however , kgo-tv in san francisco , which had received its license prior to the freeze , made its debut on may 5 , 1949. on may 7 , 1949 , billboard revealed that abc had proposed an investment of $ 6.25 million , of which it would spend $ 2.5 million to convert 20 acres ( 80,937 m2 ) of land in hollywood into what would become the prospect studios , and construct a transmitter on mount wilson , in anticipation of the launch of keca-tv , which was scheduled to begin operations on august 1 ( but would not actually sign on until september 16 ) .
a site was chosen in houston , texas , on land donated by rice university , and administrator webb announced the conversion on september 19 , 1961. it was also clear nasa would soon outgrow its practice of controlling missions from its cape canaveral air force station launch facilities in florida , so a new mission control center would be included in the msc .
the mouth of the rhine into lake constance forms an inland delta .
the british failures in north america , combined with other failures in the european theater , led to the fall from power of newcastle and his principal military advisor , the duke of cumberland .
although the spanish takeover of the louisiana territory ( which was not completed until 1769 ) had modest repercussions , the british takeover of spanish florida resulted in the westward migration of tribes that did not want to do business with the british , and a rise in tensions between the choctaw and the creek , historic enemies whose divisions the british at times exploited .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections .
william pitt came to power and significantly increased british military resources in the colonies at a time when france was unwilling to risk large convoys to aid the limited forces it had in new france .
however , in 1883–84 germany began to build a colonial empire in africa and the south pacific , before losing interest in imperialism .
while the treaties and regulations will have direct effect ( if clear , unconditional and immediate ) , directives do not generally give citizens ( as opposed to the member state ) standing to sue other citizens .
students who experienced a very enthusiastic teacher were more likely to read lecture material outside of the classroom .
other original plays have been staged as amateur productions , with other actors playing the doctor , while terry nation wrote the curse of the daleks , a stage play mounted in the late 1960s , but without the doctor .
victoria is the centre of dairy farming in australia .
another master plan , designed in 1999 and updated in 2004 , produced the gerald ratner athletics center ( 2003 ) , the max palevsky residential commons ( 2001 ) , south campus residence hall and dining commons ( 2009 ) , a new children 's hospital , and other construction , expansions , and restorations .
in the lungs , coughing and sneezing mechanically eject pathogens and other irritants from the respiratory tract .
according to the good schools guide approximately 9 per cent of children being educated in the uk are doing so at fee-paying schools at gsce level and 13 per cent at a-level .
unfortunately , he arrived too late to enroll at charles-ferdinand university ; he never studied greek , a required subject ; and he was illiterate in czech , another required subject .
[ citation needed ] it may be possible that another kuznets ' cycle is occurring , specifically the move from the manufacturing sector to the service sector .
after this , huguenots ( with estimates ranging from 200,000 to 1,000,000 ) fled to surrounding protestant countries : england , the netherlands , switzerland , norway , denmark , and prussia — whose calvinist great elector frederick william welcomed them to help rebuild his war-ravaged and underpopulated country .
in 2011 , the theme tune charted at number 228 of radio station classic fm 's hall of fame , a survey of classical music tastes .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
much went for arms purchases that exacerbated political tensions , particularly in the middle east .
most platyctenida have oval bodies that are flattened in the oral-aboral direction , with a pair of tentilla-bearing tentacles on the aboral surface .
presented to the scottish parliament by the queen upon its official opening in july 1999 , the mace is displayed in a glass case suspended from the lid .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
in may 2013 , abc launched " watch abc " , a revamp of its traditional multi-platform streaming services encompassing the network 's existing streaming portal at abc.com and a mobile app for smartphones and tablet computers ; in addition to providing full-length episodes of abc programs , the service allows live programming streams of local abc affiliates in select markets ( the first such offering by a u.s. broadcast network ) .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
it is conjectured that there are infinitely many twin primes , pairs of primes with difference 2 ( twin prime conjecture ) .
at present , the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to the north sea , through the former meuse estuary , near rotterdam .
ergänzungsschulen have the freedom to operate outside of government regulation and are funded in whole by charging their students tuition fees .
on 7 january 1943 , at the age of 86 , tesla died alone in room 3327 of the new yorker hotel .
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
the movement which would become the united methodist church began in the mid-18th century within the church of england .
the old position was shared with broadcasters from several european countries , while the new position at 28.5°e came to be used almost exclusively for channels that broadcast to the united kingdom .
these procedures apply to teaching and also to non-teaching posts and those who refuse vetting " can not be appointed or engaged by the school in any capacity including in a voluntary role " .
luther 's final journey , to mansfeld , was taken because of his concern for his siblings ' families continuing in their father hans luther 's copper mining trade .
in the late 1920s , tesla also befriended george sylvester viereck , a poet , writer , mystic , and later , a nazi propagandist .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
although maududi talked about islamic revolution , by " revolution " he meant not the violence or populist policies of the iranian revolution , but the gradual changing the hearts and minds of individuals from the top of society downward through an educational process or da'wah .
the construction of highways led residents to move to newer housing in the suburbs .
the jewellery collection , containing over 6000 items is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world and includes works dating from ancient egypt to the present day , as well as jewellery designs on paper .
half of paris 's population of 100,000 people died .
oxygen was liquified in stable state for the first time on march 29 , 1883 by polish scientists from jagiellonian university , zygmunt wróblewski and karol olszewski .
however , after lenin 's death , joseph stalin established 'socialism in one country ' for the soviet union , creating the model for subsequent inward looking stalinist states and purging the early internationalist elements .
[ citation needed ] such individuals claim that many problems with modern schooling stem from the weakness in school discipline and if teachers exercised firm control over the classroom they would be able to teach more efficiently .
it was the first network to make the hosts responsible for reliable delivery of data , rather than the network itself , using unreliable datagrams and associated end-to-end protocol mechanisms .
many of tesla 's writings are freely available on the web , including the article " the problem of increasing human energy , " published in the century magazine in 1900 , and the article " experiments with alternate currents of high potential and high frequency , " published in his book inventions , researches and writings of nikola tesla .
this observation means that the force of gravity on an object at the earth 's surface is directly proportional to the object 's mass .
consequently , the united methodist church endorses general and complete disarmament under strict and effective international control .
it was in this place in tours that the prétendus réformés ( " these supposedly 'reformed ' " ) habitually gathered at night , both for political purposes , and for prayer and singing psalms .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
his theology challenged the authority and office of the pope by teaching that the bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge from god and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all baptized christians to be a holy priesthood .
the soviet union had sent animals around the moon on september 15 , 1968 , aboard zond 5 , and it was believed they might soon repeat the feat with human cosmonauts .
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury .
in september 1991 , the network premiered home improvement , a sitcom starring stand-up comic tim allen centering on the family and work life of an accident-prone host of a cable-access home improvement show .
self-fertilization has occasionally been seen in species of the genus mnemiopsis , and it is thought that most of the hermaphroditic species are self-fertile .
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
the melbourne cricket ground is the largest stadium in australia , and the host of the 1956 summer olympics and the 2006 commonwealth games .
without the pressure reaching supercritical levels for the working fluid , the temperature range the cycle can operate over is quite small ; in steam turbines , turbine entry temperatures are typically 565 °c ( the creep limit of stainless steel ) and condenser temperatures are around 30 °c .
kenya 's installed capacity stood at 1,142 megawatts between 2001 and 2003. the state-owned kenya electricity generating company ( kengen ) , established in 1997 under the name of kenya power company , handles the generation of electricity , while kenya power handles the electricity transmission and distribution system in the country .
according to daniel goldhagen , bishop martin sasse , a leading protestant churchman , published a compendium of luther 's writings shortly after kristallnacht , for which diarmaid macculloch , professor of the history of the church in the university of oxford argued that luther 's writing was a " blueprint . "
the victoria and albert museum ( often abbreviated as the v & a ) , london , is the world 's largest museum of decorative arts and design , housing a permanent collection of over 4.5 million objects .
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere .
since 2008 , undergraduate students have been required to complete courses in eight general education categories : aesthetic and interpretive understanding , culture and belief , empirical and mathematical reasoning , ethical reasoning , science of living systems , science of the physical universe , societies of the world , and united states in the world .
the objective is typically a course of study , lesson plan , or a practical skill .
he finished a four-year term in three years , graduating in 1873.:33
following the initial success of these series , abc revamped its friday night schedule around family-friendly comedies in the late 1980s , culminating in the 1989 debut of the " tgif " block ( which promotions referenced stood for " thank goodness it 's funny " ) .
first , in choosing violence over lawful submission to the secular government , they were ignoring christ 's counsel to " render unto caesar the things that are caesar 's " ; st. paul had written in his epistle to the romans 13:1–7 that all authorities are appointed by god and therefore should not be resisted .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
the mongol appointed governor of samarqand was a qara-khitay ( khitan ) , held the title taishi , familiar with chinese culture his name was ahai
this mechanism is still the leading theory today ; however , a second theory suggests that most cpdna is actually linear and replicates through homologous recombination .
teacher enthusiasm may contribute to a classroom atmosphere full of energy and enthusiasm which feed student interest and excitement in learning the subject matter .
chloroplast ribosomes are about two-thirds the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes ( around 17 nm vs 25 nm ) .
in 1215 genghis besieged , captured , and sacked the jin capital of zhongdu ( modern-day beijing ) .
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series .
cyclic photophosphorylation is common in c4 plants , which need more atp than nadph .
alternatively , using a type iii secretion system , they may insert a hollow tube into the host cell , providing a direct route for proteins to move from the pathogen to the host .
faulting and other deformational processes result in the creation of topographic gradients , causing material on the rock unit that is increasing in elevation to be eroded by hillslopes and channels .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
other arguments include the lack of accounts of the death of rats before outbreaks of plague between the 14th and 17th centuries ; temperatures that are too cold in northern europe for the survival of fleas ; that , despite primitive transport systems , the spread of the black death was much faster than that of modern bubonic plague ; that mortality rates of the black death appear to be very high ; that , while modern bubonic plague is largely endemic as a rural disease , the black death indiscriminately struck urban and rural areas ; and that the pattern of the black death , with major outbreaks in the same areas separated by 5 to 15 years , differs from modern bubonic plague—which often becomes endemic for decades with annual flare-ups .
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia .
the increasing use of technology , specifically the rise of the internet over the past decade , has begun to shape the way teachers approach their roles in the classroom .
ranked positions in the pre-heian imperial court were established ; and this organizational structure remained largely intact until the meiji restoration ( 1868 ) .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
however , average teacher salaries have improved rapidly in recent years .
similarly , in amministrazione delle finanze v simmenthal spa , a company , simmenthal spa , claimed that a public health inspection fee under an italian law of 1970 for importing beef from france to italy was contrary to two regulations from 1964 and 1968. in " accordance with the principle of the precedence of community law , " said the court of justice , the " directly applicable measures of the institutions " ( such as the regulations in the case ) " render automatically inapplicable any conflicting provision of current national law " .
in contrast to the views of john calvin and philipp melanchthon , throughout his life luther maintained that it was not false doctrine to believe that a christian 's soul sleeps after it is separated from the body in death ; and , accordingly , he disputed traditional interpretations of some bible passages , such as the parable of the rich man and lazarus .
southern california consists of one of the more varied collections of geologic , topographic , and natural ecosystem landscapes in a diversity outnumbering other major regions in the state and country .
in 1066 , duke william ii of normandy conquered england killing king harold ii at the battle of hastings .
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays .
in addition to identifying rocks in the field , petrologists identify rock samples in the laboratory .
state route 180 ( kings canyon freeway ) comes from the west via mendota , and from the east in kings canyon national park going towards the city of reedley .
granal thylakoids are pancake-shaped circular disks about 300–600 nanometers in diameter .
" markets , by themselves , even when they are stable , often lead to high levels of inequality , outcomes that are widely viewed as unfair . "
he became convinced that the church was corrupt in its ways and had lost sight of what he saw as several of the central truths of christianity .
some huguenot families have kept alive various traditions , such as the celebration and feast of their patron saint nicolas , similar to the dutch sint nicolaas ( sinterklaas ) feast .
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
in the wake of the iranian revolution the saudis were forced to deal with the prospect of internal destabilization via the radicalism of islamism , a reality which would quickly be revealed in the seizure of the grand mosque in mecca by wahhabi extremists during november 1979 and a shiite revolt in the oil rich al-hasa region of saudi arabia in december of the same year .
the current subject committees in the fourth session are : economy , energy and tourism ; education and culture ; health and sport ; justice ; local government and regeneration ; rural affairs , climate change and environment ; welfare reform ; and infrastructure and capital investment .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
many churches preserve sculptured fonts , capitals , and more importantly mosaics , which were common in norman italy and drew heavily on the greek heritage .
modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes , probabilistic ( or " monte carlo " ) and deterministic algorithms .
victoria has about 63,519 full-time teachers .
six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system , metrolink , run out of downtown los angeles , connecting los angeles , ventura , san bernardino , riverside , orange , and san diego counties with the other line connecting san bernardino , riverside , and orange counties directly .
genghis khan saw the potential advantage in khwarezmia as a commercial trading partner using the silk road , and he initially sent a 500-man caravan to establish official trade ties with the empire .
most work has been done on the spread of the plague in england , and even estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100 % as no census was undertaken between the time of publication of the domesday book and the year 1377. estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy .
radio tyneside has been the voluntary hospital radio service for most hospitals across newcastle and gateshead since 1951 , broadcasting on hospedia and online .
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) .
one of these , sometimes referred to as a " platoon " system , involves placing a group of students together in one class that moves from one specialist to another for every subject .
such qualifications were introduced under the house of commons disqualification act 1975 and the british nationality act 1981. specifically , members must be over the age of 18 and must be a citizen of the united kingdom , the republic of ireland , one of the countries in the commonwealth of nations , a citizen of a british overseas territory , or a european union citizen resident in the uk .
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver .
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime .
the cadillac deville and fleetwood , buick electra , oldsmobile 98 , lincoln continental , mercury marquis , and various other luxury oriented sedans became popular again in the mid-1970s .
this renewal of hostilities in the arab–israeli conflict released the underlying economic pressure on oil prices .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
the competition resulted in edison machine works pursuing ac development in 1890 and by 1892 thomas edison was no longer in control of his own company , which was consolidated into the conglomerate general electric and converting to an ac delivery system at that point .
gamma delta t cells ( γδ t cells ) possess an alternative t cell receptor ( tcr ) as opposed to cd4+ and cd8+ ( αβ ) t cells and share the characteristics of helper t cells , cytotoxic t cells and nk cells .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
there are several levels of the plain vistula terraces ( flooded as well as former flooded once ) and only small part and not so visible moraine escarpment .
currently detention is one of the most common punishments in schools in the united states , the uk , ireland , singapore and other countries .
a better explainer of growing inequality , according to stiglitz , is the use of political power generated by wealth by certain groups to shape government policies financially beneficial to them .
one of the rarest items in the collection is the 58 cm high gloucester candlestick , dated to c1110 , made from gilt bronze ; with highly elaborate and intricate intertwining branches containing small figures and inscriptions , it is a tour de force of bronze casting .
all of the u. s. flags left on the moon during the apollo missions were found to still be standing , with the exception of the one left during the apollo 11 mission , which was blown over during that mission 's lift-off from the lunar surface and return to the mission command module in lunar orbit ; the degree to which these flags retain their original colors remains unknown .
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
on 27 january 2014 , microsoft announced " that skydrive will soon become onedrive " and " skydrive pro " becomes " onedrive for business " .
its collection spans 5,000 years of art , from ancient times to the present day , from the cultures of europe , north america , asia and north africa .
where professional and labor organizations can not limit the number of workers ) the workers wages will not be controlled by these organizations , or by the employer , but rather by the market .
the colorado experiments had prepared tesla for the establishment of the trans-atlantic wireless telecommunications facility known as wardenclyffe near shoreham , long island .
treatment not only increases oxygen levels in the patient 's blood , but has the secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs , easing work load on the heart .
there were 149,025 housing units at an average density of 1,427.9 square miles ( 3,698 km2 ) .
the crew of apollo 8 sent the first live televised pictures of the earth and the moon back to earth , and read from the creation story in the book of genesis , on christmas eve , 1968. an estimated one-quarter of the population of the world saw—either live or delayed—the christmas eve transmission during the ninth orbit of the moon .
the further decline of byzantine state-of-affairs paved the road to a third attack in 1185 , when a large norman army invaded dyrrachium , owing to the betrayal of high byzantine officials .
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g .
the earth 's mantle , of much larger mass than the crust , is largely composed of silicates of magnesium and iron .
thus , the contracts must be designed to ensure that each side is capable of performing the obligations set out .
the huguenots furnished two new regiments of his army : the altpreußische infantry regiments no .
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism .
when he went to his bed , he prayed , " into your hand i commit my spirit ; you have redeemed me , o lord , faithful god " ( ps . 31:5 ) , the common prayer of the dying .
also , in the 100 greatest kids ' tv shows ( a channel 4 countdown in 2001 ) , the 1963–1989 run was placed at number eight .
charles avison , the leading british composer of concertos in the 18th century , was born in newcastle upon tyne in 1709 and died there in 1770. basil hume , archbishop of westminster , was born in the city in 1923. vice admiral cuthbert collingwood , 1st baron collingwood , was born in the city .
these proteins are often used to shut down host defenses .
after kenya 's independence on 12 december 1963 , an authority named the ominde commission was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty .
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971. as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973. the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over and continued to play the character until doctor who 's hiatus in 1989. the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts .
according to michael , just about every anti-jewish book printed in the third reich contained references to and quotations from luther .
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) .
there is an extensive series of river systems in victoria .
clinical pharmacists often collaborate with physicians and other healthcare professionals to improve pharmaceutical care .
john dalton 's original atomic hypothesis assumed that all elements were monatomic and that the atoms in compounds would normally have the simplest atomic ratios with respect to one another .
like mitochondria , chloroplasts use the potential energy stored in an h+ , or hydrogen ion gradient to generate atp energy .
through gentrification of older neighbourhoods , for example , in east new york , rental prices increased rapidly as landlords found new residents willing to pay higher market rate for housing and left lower income families without rental units .
deacons assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism , and may be granted sacramental authority if they are appointed as the pastor in a local church .
soon after the normans began to enter italy , they entered the byzantine empire and then armenia , fighting against the pechenegs , the bulgars , and especially the seljuk turks .
. a diversion . "
this means that they get less sun and therefore produce less cholecalciferol via uvb radiation .
the significant element of the relief , in this part of warsaw , is the edge of moraine plateau called warsaw escarpment .
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
in an optical mineralogy analysis , thin sections of rock samples are analyzed through a petrographic microscope , where the minerals can be identified through their different properties in plane-polarized and cross-polarized light , including their birefringence , pleochroism , twinning , and interference properties with a conoscopic lens .
today the court of justice of the european union ( cjeu ) is the main judicial body , within which there is a higher european court of justice ( commonly abbreviated as ecj ) that deals with cases that contain more public importance , and a general court that deals with issues of detail but without general importance .
genghis khan had the city 's surviving population assemble in the main mosque of the town , where he declared that he was the flail of god , sent to punish them for their sins .
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) of building material per hour as of january 2013 [ update ] , with the next-generation printers capable of 3.5 metres ( 11 ft ) per hour , sufficient to complete a building in a week .
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages .
the presence of the mortgage banker is highly likely , even in relatively small projects since the owner 's equity in the property is the most obvious source of funding for a building project .
over the course of the decade , more than 30 silent film studios were established , earning jacksonville the title of " winter film capital of the world " .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
the main difference is that heat addition ( in the boiler ) and rejection ( in the condenser ) are isobaric ( constant pressure ) processes in the rankine cycle and isothermal ( constant temperature ) processes in the theoretical carnot cycle .
the plague repeatedly returned to haunt europe and the mediterranean throughout the 14th to 17th centuries .
the service module was discarded just before re-entry .
all three apparently lacked tentacles but had between 24 and 80 comb rows , far more than the 8 typical of living species .
under this state , there was great religious freedom , and alongside the norman nobles existed a meritocratic bureaucracy of jews , muslims and christians , both catholic and eastern orthodox .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
in addition , analysis of the medieval warm period cited reconstructions by crowley & lowery 2000 ( as cited in the tar ) and osborn & briffa 2006. ten of these 14 reconstructions covered 1,000 years or longer .
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
warsaw uprising hill ( 121 metres ( 397.0 ft ) ) , szczęśliwice hill ( 138 metres ( 452.8 ft ) – the highest point of warsaw in general ) .
doctor who originally ran for 26 seasons on bbc one , from 23 november 1963 until 6 december 1989. during the original run , each weekly episode formed part of a story ( or " serial " ) — usually of four to six parts in earlier years and three to four in later years .
tesla thought the plane would sell for less than $ 1,000 .
however after 1945 anti-colonial movements began to challenge the empire .
in the 16th century , the beginning of the historical era , the region was inhabited by the mocama , a coastal subgroup of the timucua people .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
the ijssel branch carries one ninth of the water flow of the rhine north into the ijsselmeer ( a former bay ) , while the nederrijn carries approximately two ninths of the flow west along a route parallel to the waal .
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism .
on february 9 , 1953 , the fcc approved upt 's purchase of abc in exchange for $ 25 million in shares .
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated .
under the law of supply and demand , the price of skill is determined by a race between the demand for the skilled worker and the supply of the skilled worker .
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape .
like alice in wonderland , he often finds that specific terminology has no more ( or no less ) meaning than the individual orator intends it to have . "
the original logo used for the first doctor ( and briefly for the second doctor ) was reused in a slightly modified format for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " during the eleventh doctor 's run .
the original theme was composed by ron grainer and realised by delia derbyshire of the bbc radiophonic workshop , with assistance from dick mills .
since renewal , the tower district has become an attractive area for restaurant and other local businesses .
nbc , which had lagged behind abc for eight years , finished the season in first place in the 18–49 demographic for the first time since 2004 , and in second place in total viewership behind long-dominant cbs .
temüjin 's mother hoelun taught him many lessons about the unstable political climate of mongolia , especially the need for alliances .
specifically within the year 1636 , it is roughly estimated with evidence held by the society of antiquaries that 47 % of the then population of newcastle died from the epidemic ; this may also have been the most devastating loss in any british city in this period .
some of the other allocution speeches given by the protesters complained about mistreatment from government officials .
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s .
english chemist john mayow ( 1641–1679 ) refined this work by showing that fire requires only a part of air that he called spiritus nitroaereus or just nitroaereus .
newcastle 's gay scene - 'the pink triangle ' - is centred on the times square area near the centre for life and has a range of bars , cafés and clubs .
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain .
the most commonly used reduction is a polynomial-time reduction .
it was taken through communist-held territory in yan'an some 900 km on carts to safety at a buddhist monastery , the dongshan dafo dian , where it remained for ten years .
the problems with north american were severe enough in late 1965 to cause manned space flight administrator george mueller to appoint program director samuel phillips to head a " tiger team " to investigate north american 's problems and identify corrections .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
inside cryptophyte chloroplasts is a pyrenoid and thylakoids in stacks of two .
british settlers outnumbered the french 20 to 1 with a population of about 1.5 million ranged along the eastern coast of the continent , from nova scotia and newfoundland in the north , to georgia in the south .
of the organic compounds with biological relevance , carbohydrates contain the largest proportion by mass of oxygen .
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section .
it has hosted the world 's most popular half marathon , the great north run , since it began in 1981 .
one of the first significant gifts of costume came in 1913 when the v & a received the talbot hughes collection containing 1,442 costumes and items as a gift from harrods following its display at the nearby department store .
construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser , while construction typically takes place on location for a known client .
geochronologists precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section in order to provide better absolute bounds on the timing and rates of deposition .
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow .
to counteract nbc , abc decided to refocus itself on comedies and family-oriented series beginning in the mid-1980s including mr. belvedere , roseanne , who 's the boss ? , just the ten of us , the wonder years , full house and perfect strangers .
eu regulations are the same as treaty provisions in this sense , because as tfeu article 288 states , they are ‘ directly applicable in all member states ’ .
oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema , pneumonia , some heart disorders ( congestive heart failure ) , some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure , and any disease that impairs the body 's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen .
this is usually taken to be the size of the input in bits .
juveniles will luminesce more brightly in relation to their body size than adults , whose luminescence is diffused over their bodies .
it is likely that the 13th century mongolian pronunciation would have closely matched " chinggis " .
as cellular signals , reactive oxygen species are unstable molecules , so they probably do n't leave the chloroplast , but instead pass on their signal to an unknown second messenger molecule .
with isotopic dates it became possible to assign absolute ages to rock units , and these absolute dates could be applied to fossil sequences in which there was datable material , converting the old relative ages into new absolute ages .
atp synthase is a large protein complex that harnesses the concentration gradient of the hydrogen ions in the thylakoid space to generate atp energy as the hydrogen ions flow back out into the stroma—much like a dam turbine .
the fresno fairgrounds was also utilized as an assembly center .
phycobilins often organize into relatively large protein complexes about 40 nanometers across called phycobilisomes .
according to economists david castells-quintana and vicente royuela , increasing inequality harms economic growth .
commissioners have sometimes been found to have abused their offices , particularly since the santer commission was censured by parliament in 1999 , and it eventually resigned due to corruption allegations .
the alta vista tract , as the land would become known , was mapped by william stranahan for the pacific improvement corporation , and was officially platted in 1911. the tract 's boundaries were balch avenue on the south , cedar avenue on the east , the rear property line of platt avenue ( east of sixth street ) and platt avenue ( west of sixth street ) on the north , and first street on the west .
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg .
john schmitt and ben zipperer ( 2006 ) of the cepr point to economic liberalism and the reduction of business regulation along with the decline of union membership as one of the causes of economic inequality .
during his third year , tesla gambled away his allowance and his tuition money , later gambling back his initial losses and returning the balance to his family .
olivier roy argues that " sunni pan-islamism underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century " when the muslim brotherhood movement and its focus on islamisation of pan-arabism was eclipsed by the salafi movement with its emphasis on " sharia rather than the building of islamic institutions , " and rejection of shia islam .
killer t cells are a sub-group of t cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses ( and other pathogens ) , or are otherwise damaged or dysfunctional .
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine .
while studying law and philosophy in england and germany , iqbal became a member of the london branch of the all india muslim league .
there , in october 1518 , under questioning by papal legate cardinal cajetan luther stated that he did not consider the papacy part of the biblical church because historistical interpretation of bible prophecy concluded that the papacy was the antichrist .
this allowed increased communication and trade between the west , middle east and asia , thus expanding the horizons of all three cultural areas .
it became known as the german te deum .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
other symbols are common in different countries : the green greek cross in france , argentina , the united kingdom , belgium , ireland , italy , spain , and india , the increasingly rare gaper in the netherlands , and a red stylized letter a in germany and austria ( from apotheke , the german word for pharmacy , from the same greek root as the english word 'apothecary ' ) .
after months of work , tesla fulfilled the task and inquired about payment .
virtually all nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator .
despite manning 's problems with interceptions during the season , he did n't throw any in their two playoff games .
it is possible to use a mechanism based on a pistonless rotary engine such as the wankel engine in place of the cylinders and valve gear of a conventional reciprocating steam engine .
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " .
industrial activity , concentrated around the three largest urban centres , nairobi , mombasa and kisumu , is dominated by food-processing industries such as grain milling , beer production , and sugarcane crushing , and the fabrication of consumer goods , e.g. , vehicles from kits .
christopher j. probst in his book demonizing the jews : luther and the protestant church in nazi germany ( 2012 ) , shows that a large number of german lutheran clergy and theologians during the nazi third reich used luther 's hostile publications towards the jews and their jewish religion to justify at least in part the anti-semitic policies of the national socialists .
josel of rosheim , the jewish spokesman who tried to help the jews of saxony in 1537 , later blamed their plight on " that priest whose name was martin luther—may his body and soul be bound up in hell ! —who wrote and issued many heretical books in which he said that whoever would help the jews was doomed to perdition . "
charles i was imprisoned in newcastle by the scots in 1646–7 .
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma .
land-based steam engines could exhaust much of their steam , as feed water was usually readily available .
it is held annually in june on the thames river in eastern connecticut .
teachers may use a lesson plan to facilitate student learning , providing a course of study which is called the curriculum .
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy .
by december 25 , japan was considered an arab-friendly state .
the moon landing data was recorded by a special apollo tv camera which recorded in a format incompatible with broadcast tv .
in december , the uk ’ s parliament heard a claim that a subscription to bskyb was ‘ often damaging ’ , along with alcohol , tobacco and gambling .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
the ultimate objective of the unfccc is to " stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic [ i.e. , human-induced ] interference with the climate system " .
some of the principal features of the complex include leaf-shaped buildings , a grass-roofed branch merging into adjacent parkland and gabion walls formed from the stones of previous buildings .
during the same year , tesla wrote a treatise , the art of projecting concentrated non-dispersive energy through the natural media , concerning charged particle beam weapons .
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north .
the presbyterian church of east africa has 3 million followers in kenya and the surrounding countries .
as a time lord , the doctor has the ability to regenerate when his body is mortally damaged , taking on a new appearance and personality .
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch .
on the other hand , higher economic inequality tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ( self-employment ) .
the tower was erected to its full 187 feet ( 57 m ) .
among other grand ceremonies was a double coronation : richard caused himself to be crowned king of cyprus , and berengaria queen of england and queen of cyprus as well .
the best known algorithm for integer factorization is the general number field sieve , which takes time o ( e ( 64/9 ) 1/3 ( n.log 2 ) 1/3 ( log ( n.log 2 ) ) 2/3 ) to factor an n-bit integer .
economist joseph stiglitz presented evidence in 2009 that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand .
in the first half of the 17th century , a plague claimed some 1.7 million victims in italy , or about 14 % of the population .
accordingly , the term odd prime refers to any prime number greater than 2. similarly , when written in the usual decimal system , all prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1 , 3 , 7 , or 9 , since even numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5 .
he was shown to be physically imposing , an equal in stature to the secular german princes with whom he would join forces to spread lutheranism .
can have infinitely many primes only when a and q are coprime , i.e. , their greatest common divisor is one .
liberated by napoleon 's army in 1806 , warsaw was made the capital of the newly created duchy of warsaw .
the result is unstable six-carbon molecules that immediately break down into three-carbon molecules called 3-phosphoglyceric acid , or 3-pga .
he was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the black death for the second edition in 1908 , implicating rats and fleas in the process , and his interpretation was widely accepted for other ancient and medieval epidemics , such as the justinian plague that was prevalent in the eastern roman empire from 541 to 700 ce .
he had been mentored by li meng , a confucian academic .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
guo shoujing applied mathematics to the construction of calendars .
to better illustrate this idea , bassett focuses his analysis of the role of nineteenth-century maps during the " scramble for africa " .
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma .
due to its central location between the polish–lithuanian commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and of the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596. after the third partition of poland in 1795 , warsaw was incorporated into the kingdom of prussia .
civil disobedients have chosen a variety of different illegal acts .
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
diseases of poverty directly correlate with a country 's economic performance and wealth distribution : half of kenyans live below the poverty level .
interactive services and 7-day epg use the proprietary opentv system , with set-top boxes including modems for a return path .
the outcome of most votes can be predicted beforehand since political parties normally instruct members which way to vote .
the umc supports federal funding for research on embryos created for ivf that remain after the procreative efforts have ceased , if the embryos were provided for research instead of being destroyed , were not obtained by sale , and those donating had given prior informed consent for the research purposes .
the area is also known for its early twentieth century homes , many of which have been restored in recent decades .
as a member of the scottish parliamentary corporate body , the presiding officer is responsible for ensuring that the parliament functions effectively and has the staff , property and resources it requires to operate .
instead they begin with a phrase that reads : " the bill for this act of the scottish parliament was passed by the parliament on [ date ] and received royal assent on [ date ] " .
jacksonville , like most large cities in the united states , suffered from negative effects of rapid urban sprawl after world war ii .
one result of this was a campaign of attacks on government officials and tourists in egypt , a bloody civil war in algeria and osama bin laden 's terror attacks climaxing in the 9/11 attack .
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments .
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden .
the average household size was 3.07. there were 111,529 families ( 70.4 % of all households ) ; the average family size was 3.62 .
shark tank ( based on the dragon 's den reality format ) also became a midseason sleeper hit on sundays in the spring of 2010 ; the following season , it became the tentpole of the network 's friday night schedule , gradually helping make abc a strong competitor ( after being paired with 20/20 and beginning with the 2012–13 season , the tim allen sitcom last man standing ) against cbs ' long-dominant drama/reality lineup on that night for the first time since the " tgif " lineup ended in 2000 .
the broncos ' defense ranked first in the nfl yards allowed ( 4,530 ) for the first time in franchise history , and fourth in points allowed ( 296 ) .
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . )
between the lobes on either side of the mouth , many species of lobates have four auricles , gelatinous projections edged with cilia that produce water currents that help direct microscopic prey toward the mouth .
socialists attribute the vast disparities in wealth to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners , creating a situation where a small portion of the population lives off unearned property income by virtue of ownership titles in capital equipment , financial assets and corporate stock .
deacons give leadership , preach the word , contribute in worship , conduct marriages , bury the dead , and aid the church in embodying its mission within the world .
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties .
positive reinforcement is balanced with immediate and fair punishment for misbehavior and firm , clear boundaries define what is appropriate and inappropriate behavior .
competition amongst employers tends to drive up wages due to the nature of the job , since there is a relative shortage of workers for the particular position .
the stress tensor accounts for forces that cause all strains ( deformations ) including also tensile stresses and compressions .
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . )
once successfully completed , " provisional registration " is given by the gtcs which is raised to " full registration " status after a year if there is sufficient evidence to show that the " standard for full registration " has been met .
abc became an aggressive competitor to nbc and cbs when , continuing nbc blue 's traditions of public service , it aired symphony performances conducted by paul whiteman , performances from the metropolitan opera , and jazz concerts aired as part of its broadcast of the chamber music society of lower basin street announced by milton cross .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
today , justifying grace is also known as conversion , " accepting jesus as your personal lord and savior , " or being " born again " .
then after an incompletion , thomas davis tackled anderson for a 1-yard gain on third down , forcing denver to settle for a 3–0 lead on a brandon mcmanus 34-yard field goal .
after banishing the zwickau prophets , he now faced a battle against not only the established church but also the radical reformers who threatened the new order by fomenting social unrest and violence .
in 1979 , the soviet union deployed its 40th army into afghanistan , attempting to suppress an islamic rebellion against an allied marxist regime in the afghan civil war .
associating forces with vectors avoids such problems .
for example , a significant number of students all over wales are educated either wholly or largely through the medium of welsh : in 2008/09 , 22 per cent of classes in maintained primary schools used welsh as the sole or main medium of instruction .
by 1971 , the decision was made to also cancel missions 18 and 19. the two unused saturn vs became museum exhibits at the john f. kennedy space center on merritt island , florida , george c. marshall space center in huntsville , alabama , michoud assembly facility in new orleans , louisiana , and lyndon b. johnson space center in houston , texas .
doctor who follows the adventures of the primary character , a rogue time lord from the planet gallifrey , who simply goes by the name " the doctor " .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
fees range from under £3,000 to £21,000 and above per year for day pupils , rising to £27,000+ per year for boarders .
[ clarification needed ] from a physical viewpoint , it roughly states that the irregularity in the distribution of primes only comes from random noise .
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact .
its purpose is thought to be to increase the chloroplast 's surface area for cross-membrane transport between its stroma and the cell cytoplasm .
a 1996 study by perotti examined the channels through which inequality may affect economic growth .
since 1999 , big finish productions has released several different series of doctor who audios on cd .
price controls exacerbated the crisis in the us .
a greedy merchant also heard her songs ; he followed the fishermen and captured the mermaid .
exceptional examples of the bourgeois architecture of the later periods were not restored by the communist authorities after the war ( like mentioned kronenberg palace and insurance company rosja building ) or they were rebuilt in socialist realism style ( like warsaw philharmony edifice originally inspired by palais garnier in paris ) .
with some justification , newton 's second law can be taken as a quantitative definition of mass by writing the law as an equality ; the relative units of force and mass then are fixed .
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime .
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of 874.3 square miles ( 2,264 km2 ) , making jacksonville the largest city in land area in the contiguous united states ; of this , 86.66 % ( 757.7 sq mi or 1,962 km2 ) is land and ; 13.34 % ( 116.7 sq mi or 302 km2 ) is water .
in addition , it voted to seek observer status in the national association of evangelicals and in the world evangelical fellowship .
in 1899 , john jacob astor iv invested $ 100,000 for tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system .
these include rifts with his early allies such as jamukha ( who also wanted to be a ruler of mongol tribes ) and wang khan ( his and his father 's ally ) , his son jochi , and problems with the most important shaman , who was allegedly trying to drive a wedge between him and his loyal brother khasar .
rather than being more moderate than the plo , the 1988 hamas charter took a more uncompromising stand , calling for the destruction of israel and the establishment of an islamic state in palestine .
three of his best-known works were published in 1520 : to the christian nobility of the german nation , on the babylonian captivity of the church , and on the freedom of a christian .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
between the lobes on either side of the mouth , many species of lobates have four auricles , gelatinous projections edged with cilia that produce water currents that help direct microscopic prey toward the mouth .
besides , within the city borders , there are also : pole mokotowskie ( a big park in the northern mokotów , where was the first horse racetrack and then the airport ) , park ujazdowski ( close to the sejm and john lennon street ) , park of culture and rest in powsin , by the southern city border , park skaryszewski by the right vistula bank , in praga .
the main passenger rail station is the recently renovated historic santa fe railroad depot in downtown fresno .
the basic pay for a starting teacher is €27,814 p.a. , rising incrementally to €53,423 for a teacher with 25 years service .
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools .
the vast majority of kenyans are christian ( 83 % ) , with 47.7 % regarding themselves as protestant and 23.5 % as roman catholic of the latin rite .
the huguenots adapted quickly and often married outside their immediate french communities , which led to their assimilation .
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot .
an additional dollar spent by a poor person will go to things providing a great deal of utility to that person , such as basic necessities like food , water , and healthcare ; while , an additional dollar spent by a much richer person will very likely go to luxury items providing relatively less utility to that person .
a job where there are few able or willing workers ( low supply ) , but a large need for the positions ( high demand ) , will result in high wages for that job .
saudi arabia spent over 100 billion dollars in the ensuing decades for helping spread its fundamentalist interpretation of islam , known as wahhabism , throughout the world , via religious charities such al-haramain foundation , which often also distributed funds to violent sunni extremist groups such as al-qaeda and the taliban .
such tankers are used to refill bulk liquid oxygen storage containers , which stand outside hospitals and other institutions with a need for large volumes of pure oxygen gas .
the swahili built mombasa into a major port city and established trade links with other nearby city-states , as well as commercial centres in persia , arabia , and even india .
the design , development and construction of the center was conducted by kurt h. debus , a member of dr. wernher von braun 's original v-2 rocket engineering team .
the last glacial ran from ~74,000 ( bp = before present ) , until the end of the pleistocene ( ~11,600 bp ) .
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance .
the company energiprojekt ab in sweden has made progress in using modern materials for harnessing the power of steam .
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays .
today , the warsaw stock exchange ( wse ) is , according to many indicators , the largest market in the region , with 374 companies listed and total capitalization of 162 584 mln eur as of 31 august 2009. from 1991 until 2000 , the stock exchange was , ironically , located in the building previously used as the headquarters of the polish united workers ' party ( pzpr ) .
as sea-level continued to rise in the netherlands , the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta began ( ~8,000 years ago ) .
many machine models different from the standard multi-tape turing machines have been proposed in the literature , for example random access machines .
viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901 , with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by walter reed .
only 100–150 species have been validated , and possibly another 25 have not been fully described and named .
there are various mechanisms by which teacher enthusiasm may facilitate higher levels of intrinsic motivation .
of the nine members of the european economic community ( eec ) , the netherlands faced a complete embargo , the uk and france received almost uninterrupted supplies ( having refused to allow america to use their airfields and embargoed arms and supplies to both the arabs and the israelis ) , while the other six faced partial cutbacks .
in 2000 , abc launched a web-based promotional campaign focused around its circle logo , also called " the dot " , in which comic book character little dot prompted visitors to " download the dot " , a program which would cause the abc logo to fly around the screen and settle in the bottom-right corner .
rather than being more moderate than the plo , the 1988 hamas charter took a more uncompromising stand , calling for the destruction of israel and the establishment of an islamic state in palestine .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
cyanobacteria also contain a peptidoglycan cell wall , which is thicker than in other gram-negative bacteria , and which is located between their two cell membranes .
the armed forces are regularly deployed in peacekeeping missions around the world .
there is a us $ 1,000,000 prize for resolving the problem .
the french and indian war ( 1754–1763 ) was the north american theater of the worldwide seven years ' war .
this routine can be implemented more efficiently if a complete list of primes up to is known—then trial divisions need to be checked only for those m that are prime .
dr. harrison schmitt , a geologist , was the first nasa scientist astronaut to fly in space , and landed on the moon on the last mission , apollo 17. schmitt participated in the lunar geology training of all of the apollo landing crews .
tesla also explained the principles of the rotating magnetic field in an induction motor by demonstrating how to make a copper egg stand on end using a device he constructed known as the egg of columbus .
the horniman went on to host a joint exhibition with the v & a of musical instruments , and has the loan of 35 instruments from the museum .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
working versions of 3d-printing building technology are already printing 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) of building material per hour as of january 2013 [ update ] , with the next-generation printers capable of 3.5 metres ( 11 ft ) per hour , sufficient to complete a building in a week .
luther said , " we want to practice christian love toward them and pray that they convert , " but also that they are " our public enemies ... and if they could kill us all , they would gladly do so .
in 1998 , the network began using a minimalist graphical identity , designed by pittard sullivan , featuring a small black-and-white " abc circle " logo on a yellow background ( promotions during this time also featured a sequence of still photos of the stars of its programs during the timeslot card as well as the schedule sequence that began each night 's prime time lineup ) .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) .
robert guiscard , an other norman adventurer previously elevated to the dignity of count of apulia as the result of his military successes , ultimately drove the byzantines out of southern italy .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus .
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
rev . paul t. stallsworth , president of the taskforce of united methodists on abortion and sexuality said he " had every reason to believe " that pro-life delegates would have won a floor vote .
fertilization is generally external , although platyctenids ' eggs are fertilized inside their parents ' bodies and kept there until they hatch .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
in 1937 , at a luncheon in his honor concerning the death ray , tesla stated , " but it is not an experiment ... i have built , demonstrated and used it .
between the lobes on either side of the mouth , many species of lobates have four auricles , gelatinous projections edged with cilia that produce water currents that help direct microscopic prey toward the mouth .
often , individual state laws outline what defines a valid patient-doctor relationship .
the justifying grace cancels our guilt and empowers us to resist the power of sin and to fully love god and neighbor .
economist joseph stiglitz argues that rather than explaining concentrations of wealth and income , market forces should serve as a brake on such concentration , which may better be explained by the non-market force known as " rent-seeking " .
edward john noble , the owner of life savers candy , drugstore chain rexall and new york city radio station wmca , purchased the network for $ 8 million .
conversely , some hormones are regulated by the immune system , notably thyroid hormone activity .
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased .
uninterested in administration , they were separated from both the army and the populace , and china was torn by dissension and unrest .
fresno ( /ˈfrɛznoʊ/ frez-noh ) , the county seat of fresno county , is a city in the u.s. state of california .
the rhine bridge at arnhem , immortalized in the book , a bridge too far and the film , was a central focus of the battle for arnhem , during the failed operation market garden of september 1944. the bridges at nijmegen , over the waal distributary of the rhine , were also an objective of operation market garden .
under normal circumstances , many t cells and antibodies react with " self " peptides .
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across .
for example , people living in tropical environments were seen as " less civilized " therefore justifying colonial control as a civilizing mission .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
an outbreak in 1471 took as much as 10–15 % of the population , while the death rate of the plague of 1479–80 could have been as high as 20 % .
formal teaching may be carried out by paid professionals .
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
since the rhine contributes most of the water , the shorter term rhine delta is commonly used .
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill .
this was the beginning of years of patent battles over radio with tesla 's patents being upheld in 1903 , followed by a reverse decision in favor of marconi in 1904. in 1943 , a supreme court of the united states decision restored the prior patents of tesla , oliver lodge , and john stone .
tesla obtained around 300 patents worldwide for his inventions .
the northern section of this frontier , where the rhine is deep and broad , remained the roman boundary until the empire fell .
the united methodist church believes in prima scriptura , seeing the holy bible as the primary authority in the church and using sacred tradition , reason , and experience to interpret it , with the aid of the holy spirit ( see wesleyan quadrilateral ) .
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression .
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) .
over the next several years in addition to host to host interactive connections the network was enhanced to support terminal to host connections , host to host batch connections ( remote job submission , remote printing , batch file transfer ) , interactive file transfer , gateways to the tymnet and telenet public data networks , x.25 host attachments , gateways to x.25 data networks , ethernet attached hosts , and eventually tcp/ip and additional public universities in michigan join the network .
another example is from the 1986 serial the trial of a time lord , where michael jayston portrayed the valeyard , who is described as an amalgamation of the darker sides of the doctor 's nature , somewhere between his twelfth and final incarnation .
temüjin was to live there in service to dai setsen , the head of the new household , until he reached the marriageable age of 12 .
the internal cavity forms : a mouth that can usually be closed by muscles ; a pharynx ( " throat " ) ; a wider area in the center that acts as a stomach ; and a system of internal canals .
the governments of the united states , britain , germany and france also collectively issued a press statement cautioning about the law 's potential impact .
meanwhile , they occupied petrela , the citadel of mili at the banks of the river deabolis , gllavenica ( ballsh ) , kanina and jericho .
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants .
the city of fresno is planned to serve the future california high speed rail .
at the 1996 general conference the ordination order of transitional deacon was abolished .
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls .
however , the distribution of primes , that is to say , the statistical behaviour of primes in the large , can be modelled .
he was supposedly killed with poison by el temür , and tugh temür then remounted the throne .
the image of the tardis has become firmly linked to the show in the public 's consciousness ; bbc scriptwriter anthony coburn , who lived in the resort of herne bay , kent , was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
under the motto " the qur'an is our constitution , " it sought islamic revival through preaching and also by providing basic community services including schools , mosques , and workshops .
the snp overall majority meant that there was sufficient support in the scottish parliament to hold a referendum on scottish independence .
most of the wind rose direction occurrences derive from the northwest , as winds are driven downward along the axis of the california central valley ; in december , january and february there is an increased presence of southeastern wind directions in the wind rose statistics .
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776. britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820. by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world .
luther 's hymn , adapted and expanded from an earlier german creedal hymn , gained widespread use in vernacular lutheran liturgies as early as 1525. sixteenth-century lutheran hymnals also included " wir glauben all " among the catechetical hymns , although 18th-century hymnals tended to label the hymn as trinitarian rather than catechetical , and 20th-century lutherans rarely use the hymn because of the perceived difficulty of its tune .
typically each committee corresponds with one ( or more ) of the departments ( or ministries ) of the scottish government .
some civil disobedience defendants choose to make a defiant speech , or a speech explaining their actions , in allocution .
breast milk or colostrum also contains antibodies that are transferred to the gut of the infant and protect against bacterial infections until the newborn can synthesize its own antibodies .
while the reliability of this mechanism has not yet been studied for all relevant crop species , recent results in tobacco plants are promising , showing a failed containment rate of transplastomic plants at 3 in 1,000,000 .
one of his successful projects was to finish the long-stalled official histories of the liao , jin , and song dynasties , which were eventually completed in 1345. yet , toghtogha resigned his office with the approval of toghun temür , marking the end of his first administration , and he was not called back until 1349 .
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism .
tesla described the weapon as capable of being used against ground-based infantry or for anti-aircraft purposes .
three additional putative species were then found in the burgess shale and other canadian rocks of similar age , about 505 million years ago in the mid-cambrian period .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
the next direct threat to temüjin was the naimans ( naiman mongols ) , with whom jamukha and his followers took refuge .
on august 15 , 1971 , the united states unilaterally pulled out of the bretton woods accord .
there may be an epidemic that causes widespread panic , or there could be rampant violence in the area that prevents people from going to work for fear of their lives .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
most species are hermaphrodites—a single animal can produce both eggs and sperm , meaning it can fertilize its own egg , not needing a mate .
whilst the permanent building at holyrood was being constructed , the parliament 's temporary home was the general assembly hall of the church of scotland on the royal mile in edinburgh .
oxygen constitutes 49.2 % of the earth 's crust by mass and is the major component of the world 's oceans ( 88.8 % by mass ) .
in this way , kenya became an independent country under the kenya independence act 1963 of the united kingdom .
martin luther married katharina von bora , one of 12 nuns he had helped escape from the nimbschen cistercian convent in april 1523 , when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels .
in the same year , he patented the tesla coil .
some civil disobedients feel it is incumbent upon them to accept punishment because of their belief in the validity of the social contract , which is held to bind all to obey the laws that a government meeting certain standards of legitimacy has established , or else suffer the penalties set out in the law .
luther wrote " aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir " ( " from depths of woe i cry to you " ) in 1523 as a hymnic version of psalm 130 and sent it as a sample to encourage evangelical colleagues to write psalm-hymns for use in german worship .
the rhine flows into it from the south following the swiss-austrian border .
each year , the southern california area has about 10,000 earthquakes .
abc 's flagship productions at the time were the lone ranger , based on the radio program of the same title , and the adventures of ozzie and harriet , the latter of which ( at 13 seasons , running from 1952 to 1965 ) held the record for the longest-running prime time comedy in u.s. television history , until it was surpassed by the simpsons in 2002 .
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac .
the soundtrack for series 5 was released on 8 november 2010. in february 2011 , a soundtrack was released for the 2010 christmas special : " a christmas carol " , and in december 2011 the soundtrack for series 6 was released , both by silva screen records .
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china .
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people .
in 1749 the british government gave land to the ohio company of virginia for the purpose of developing trade and settlements in the ohio country .
of course , some complexity classes have complicated definitions that do not fit into this framework .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
macrophages are versatile cells that reside within tissues and produce a wide array of chemicals including enzymes , complement proteins , and regulatory factors such as interleukin 1. macrophages also act as scavengers , ridding the body of worn-out cells and other debris , and as antigen-presenting cells that activate the adaptive immune system .
this is true throughout most of the united states as well .
one of its earliest massive implementations was brought about by egyptians against the british occupation in the 1919 revolution .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
cbs analyst and retired referee mike carey stated he disagreed with the call and felt the review clearly showed the pass was complete .
this was based on a congressional budget office report , a budgetary analysis of nasa 's new vision for space , september 2004. the space review estimated in 2010 the cost of apollo from 1959 to 1973 as $ 20.4 billion , or $ 109 billion in 2010 dollars .
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) .
the conference was held at the lovely lane methodist church , considered the mother church of american methodism .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
in 1990 , thomas s. murphy delegated his position as president to daniel b. burke while remaining abc 's chairman and ceo .
many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching , especially for hard-to-fill positions .
in 1957 , abc entertainment president ollie treiz discovered that the locally produced variety show bandstand had pulled very strong ratings in the philadelphia market on wfil-tv ; treiz ultimately negotiated a deal to take the show national , under the revised title american bandstand ; the show quickly became a social phenomenon by presenting new musical talent and dances to america 's youth and helped make a star out of its host , dick clark .
proplastids are commonly found in an adult plant 's apical meristems .
with the 2011 cancellation of supernanny , extreme makeover : home edition became the only remaining program on the network 's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition .
the symptoms of inflammation are redness , swelling , heat , and pain , which are caused by increased blood flow into tissue .
the quick and decisive defeat of the arab troops during the six-day war by israeli troops constituted a pivotal event in the arab muslim world .
the enforcement of the ban on the 95 theses fell to the secular authorities .
some muslim communities had a chinese surname which meant " barracks " and could also mean " thanks " .
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism .
the gonads are located in the parts of the internal canal network under the comb rows , and eggs and sperm are released via pores in the epidermis .
it was re-established in april 1991 , following the end of the post-war communist control of the country and the reintroduction of a free-market economy .
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell .
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall .
rubisco can not distinguish between oxygen and carbon dioxide very well , so it can accidentally add o2 instead of co2 to rubp .
mohawk chief hendrick , speaker of their tribal council , insisted that the british abide by their obligations and block french expansion .
his main interest was centered on the prophecy of the little horn in daniel 8:9–12 , 23–25 .
another influence is the geographical phrase south of the tehachapis , which would split the southern region off at the crest of that transverse range , but in that definition , the desert portions of north los angeles county and eastern kern and san bernardino counties would be included in the southern california region due to their remoteness from the central valley and interior desert landscape .
in july 1968 , abc radio launched a special programming project for its fm stations , which was spearheaded by allen shaw , a former program manager at wcfl in chicago who was approached by abc radio president harold l. neal to develop a format to compete with the new progressive rock and dj-helmed stations .
islamist movements such as the muslim brotherhood , " are well known for providing shelters , educational assistance , free or low cost medical clinics , housing assistance to students from out of town , student advisory groups , facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands , legal assistance , sports facilities , and women 's groups . "
there are many forms of spiritual or religious teachers in christianity , across all three major traditions - ( roman ) catholic , ( eastern ) orthodox catholic , and protestant/non-denominational , with a stronger tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical christian traditions with a long tradition of " discernment of spirits " , of vocations , and other aspects of spiritual life , especially the roman and orthodox catholic churches .
enthusiastic teachers may also lead to students becoming more self-determined in their own learning process .
the plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of british bacteriologist j. f. d. shrewsbury in 1970 , who noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague , leading him to conclude that contemporary accounts were exaggerations .
the views of ali shariati , ideologue of the iranian revolution , had resemblance with mohammad iqbal , ideological father of the state of pakistan , but khomeini 's beliefs is perceived to be placed somewhere between beliefs of sunni islamic thinkers like mawdudi and qutb .
all this compares very favourably against incompetent , inefficient , or neglectful governments whose commitment to social justice is limited to rhetoric .
photosystem ii and photosystem i contain light-harvesting complexes with chlorophyll and carotenoids that absorb light energy and use it to energize electrons .
in this respect it is noteworthy that the bbc takes no position on the canonicity of any of such stories , and producers of the show have expressed distaste for the idea .
temüjin turned to toghrul for support , and in response , toghrul offered his vassal 20,000 of his keraite warriors and suggested that he also involve his childhood friend jamukha , who had himself become khan ( ruler ) of his own tribe , the jadaran .
for instance , if t ( n ) = 7n2 + 15n + 40 , in big o notation one would write t ( n ) = o ( n2 ) .
much unregistered property is held in informal form through various associations and other arrangements .
the abc logo has evolved many times since the network 's creation in 1943. the network 's first logo , introduced in 1946 , consisted of a television screen containing the letters " t " and " v " , with a vertical abc microphone in the center , referencing the network 's roots in radio .
strictly speaking datanet 1 only referred to the network and the connected users via leased lines ( using the x.121 dnic 2041 ) , the name also referred to the public pad service telepad ( using the dnic 2049 ) .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
ipcc author richard lindzen has made a number of criticisms of the tar .
while a child was in school , a teacher was expected to act as a substitute parent , with all the normal forms of parental discipline open to them .
vaudreuil and montcalm were minimally resupplied in 1758 , as the british blockade of the french coastline limited french shipping .
tesla held that , with his circuits , the " instrument will ... enable one to generate roentgen rays of much greater power than obtainable with ordinary apparatus . "
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
as the andes mountains rose , however , a large basin was created that enclosed a lake ; now known as the solimões basin .
a bridge was built across the tyne , between newcastle and gateshead , and opened by queen elizabeth ii in 1981. the network is operated by db regio on behalf of nexus and carries over 37 million passengers a year , extending as far as newcastle airport , tynemouth , south shields and south hylton in sunderland .
italian sculptors whose work is held by the museum include : bartolomeo bon , bartolomeo bellano , luca della robbia , giovanni pisano , donatello , agostino di duccio , andrea riccio , antonio rossellino , andrea del verrocchio , antonio lombardo , pier jacopo alari bonacolsi , andrea della robbia , michelozzo di bartolomeo , michelangelo ( represented by a freehand wax model and casts of his most famous sculptures ) , jacopo sansovino , alessandro algardi , antonio calcagni , benvenuto cellini ( medusa 's head dated c. 1547 ) , agostino busti , bartolomeo ammannati , giacomo della porta , giambologna ( samson slaying a philistine ( giambologna ) c. 1562 , his finest work outside italy ) , bernini ( neptune and triton c. 1622–3 ) , giovanni battista foggini , vincenzo foggini ( samson and the philistines ) , massimiliano soldani benzi , antonio corradini , andrea brustolon , giovanni battista piranesi , innocenzo spinazzi , canova , carlo marochetti and raffaelle monti .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
huguenot immigrants did not disperse or settle in different parts of the country , but rather , formed three societies or congregations ; one in the city of new york , another 21 miles north of new york in a town which they named new rochelle , and a third further upstate in new paltz .
luther and his wife moved into a former monastery , " the black cloister , " a wedding present from the new elector john the steadfast ( 1525–32 ) .
the warfare was definitively quelled in 1598 , when henry of navarre , having succeeded to the french throne as henry iv , and having recanted protestantism in favour of roman catholicism , issued the edict of nantes .
the contracted batch of 15 saturn vs were enough for lunar landing missions through apollo 20. nasa publicized a preliminary list of eight more planned landing sites , with plans to increase the mass of the csm and lm for the last five missions , along with the payload capacity of the saturn v. these final missions would combine the i and j types in the 1967 list , allowing the cmp to operate a package of lunar orbital sensors and cameras while his companions were on the surface , and allowing them to stay on the moon for over three days .
during its original run , it was recognised for its imaginative stories , creative low-budget special effects , and pioneering use of electronic music ( originally produced by the bbc radiophonic workshop ) .
the success of this exhibition led to the planning of the festival of britain ( 1951 ) .
most of the prostitutes in kenya are aged 9–18 .
the majority of the forest is contained within brazil , with 60 % of the rainforest , followed by peru with 13 % , colombia with 10 % , and with minor amounts in venezuela , ecuador , bolivia , guyana , suriname and french guiana .
in the united states , approximately 828,000 women were employed in the construction industry as of 2011 .
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences .
tesla was raised an orthodox christian .
interestingly while contemporary reports account of mass burial pits being created in response to the large numbers of dead , recent scientific investigations of a burial pit in central london found well-preserved individuals to be buried in isolated , evenly spaced graves , suggesting at least some pre-planning and christian burials at this time .
ögedei was seen by genghis khan as dependable in character and relatively stable and down to earth and would be a neutral candidate and might defuse the situation between his brothers .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across .
the concept environmental determinism served as a moral justification for domination of certain territories and peoples .
unlike sponges , both ctenophores and cnidarians have : cells bound by inter-cell connections and carpet-like basement membranes ; muscles ; nervous systems ; and some have sensory organs .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force .
the phrase retains this association with doctor who , to the point that in 1991 the museum of the moving image in london named their exhibition celebrating the programme " behind the sofa " .
numerical models work in the same way as these analog models , though they are often more sophisticated and can include patterns of erosion and uplift in the mountain belt .
luther incorporated questions and answers in the catechism so that the basics of christian faith would not just be learned by rote , " the way monkeys do it " , but understood .
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
following the nice treaty , there was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the european union and make it more transparent ; this would have also produced a single constitutional document .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
the harvard art museums comprises three museums .
in 2001 , 16 national science academies issued a joint statement on climate change .
amongst these include 5 university of california campuses ( irvine , los angeles , riverside , santa barbara , and san diego ) ; 12 california state university campuses ( bakersfield , channel islands , dominguez hills , fullerton , los angeles , long beach , northridge , pomona , san bernardino , san diego , san marcos , and san luis obispo ) ; and private institutions such as the california institute of technology , chapman university , the claremont colleges ( claremont mckenna college , harvey mudd college , pitzer college , pomona college , and scripps college ) , loma linda university , loyola marymount university , occidental college , pepperdine university , university of redlands , university of san diego , and the university of southern california .
the v & a presented a combined concert/lecture by british progressive folk-rock band gryphon , who explored the lineage of mediaeval music and instrumentation and related how those contributed to contemporary music 500 years later .
in some plants such as cacti , chloroplasts are found in the stems , though in most plants , chloroplasts are concentrated in the leaves .
the united methodist church teaches that pornography is " about violence , degradation , exploitation , and coercion " and " deplore [ s ] all forms of commercialization , abuse , and exploitation of sex . "
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
reserved matters are subjects that are outside the legislative competence of the scotland parliament .
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm .
the program returned 842 pounds ( 382 kg ) of lunar rocks and soil to earth , greatly contributing to the understanding of the moon 's composition and geological history .
the medals were awarded posthumously to grissom , white , and chaffee in 1969 , then to the crews of all missions from apollo 8 onward .
along with giving the offender his " just deserts " , achieving crime control via incapacitation and deterrence is a major goal of criminal punishment .
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down .
according to the kenya national bureau of statistics , in 2011 there were 65,000 qualified nurses registered in the country ; 8,600 clinical officers and 7,000 doctors for the population of 43 million people ( these figures from official registers include those who have died or left the profession hence the actual number of these workers may be lower ) .
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt .
there are many concepts of teachers in islam , ranging from mullahs ( the teachers at madrassas ) to ulemas , who teach of the laws of islam for the proper way of islamic living according to the sunnah and ahadith , and can render legal verdicts upon matters of islamic law in accordance with the teaching of one of the four schools of jurisprudence .
all missions were commanded by gemini or mercury veterans .
this was the first fumble return touchdown in a super bowl since super bowl xxviii at the end of the 1993 season .
he spent the rest of his career in this position at the university of wittenberg .
this was crushed by british troops , but the discontents prompted colonial authorities to reform the administration ( particularly reducing the hated mining licence fees ) and extend the franchise .
sudbury model democratic schools claim that popularly based authority can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike .
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing .
agreement was achieved on fourteen points out of fifteen , the exception being the nature of the eucharist – the sacrament of the lord 's supper—an issue crucial to luther .
johann eck , speaking on behalf of the empire as assistant of the archbishop of trier , presented luther with copies of his writings laid out on a table and asked him if the books were his , and whether he stood by their contents .
in against the murderous , thieving hordes of peasants , written on his return to wittenberg , he gave his interpretation of the gospel teaching on wealth , condemned the violence as the devil 's work , and called for the nobles to put down the rebels like mad dogs :
a problem x is hard for a class of problems c if every problem in c can be reduced to x. thus no problem in c is harder than x , since an algorithm for x allows us to solve any problem in c. of course , the notion of hard problems depends on the type of reduction being used .
luther argued that the jews were no longer the chosen people but " the devil 's people " , and referred to them with violent , vile language .
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages .
bento de moura portugal introduced an ingenious improvement of savery 's construction " to render it capable of working itself " , as described by john smeaton in the philosophical transactions published in 1751. it continued to be manufactured until the late 18th century .
numerous non-fiction books about the series , including guidebooks and critical studies , have also been published , and a dedicated doctor who magazine with newsstand circulation has been published regularly since 1979. this is published by panini , as is the doctor who adventures magazine for younger fans .
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan .
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma .
in 1988 the band the justified ancients of mu mu ( later known as the klf ) released the single " doctorin ' the tardis " under the name the timelords , which reached no .
students do not pay tuition fees , but some extra costs are levied .
an etioplast is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll , and has inner membrane invaginations that form a lattice of tubes in their stroma , called a prolamellar body .
the aare also contains the waters from the 4,274 m ( 14,022 ft ) summit of finsteraarhorn , the highest point of the rhine basin .
the average plant biomass is estimated at 356 ± 47 tonnes per hectare .
that year , roone arledge was named president of abc sports ; the company also founded abc pictures , a film production company which released its first picture that year , the ralph nelson-directed charly .
from 1510 to 1520 , luther lectured on the psalms , the books of hebrews , romans , and galatians .
people from jacksonville may be called " jacksonvillians " or " jaxsons " ( also spelled " jaxons " ) .
he made many reforms , including the liquidation of the department of state affairs ( chinese : 尚書省 ) , which resulted in the execution of five of the highest-ranking officials .
temüjin began his ascent to power by offering himself as an ally ( or , according to other sources , a vassal ) to his father 's anda ( sworn brother or blood brother ) toghrul , who was khan of the keraites , and is better known by the chinese title " wang khan " , which the jurchen jin dynasty granted him in 1197. this relationship was first reinforced when börte was captured by the merkits .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
this often used to take place in the classroom or hallway , but nowadays the punishment is usually given privately in the principal 's office .
" merciful god , what misery i have seen , " luther wrote , " the common people knowing nothing at all of christian doctrine ... and unfortunately many pastors are well-nigh unskilled and incapable of teaching . "
a member of davies ' team ( roger scantlebury ) met lawrence roberts at the 1967 acm symposium on operating system principles and suggested it for use in the arpanet .
spreading throughout the mediterranean and europe , the black death is estimated to have killed 30–60 % of europe 's total population .
some of the oldest schools in south africa are private church schools that were established by missionaries in the early nineteenth century .
also on loan to the museum , from her majesty the queen elizabeth ii , are the raphael cartoons : the seven surviving ( there were ten ) full scale designs for tapestries in the sistine chapel , of the lives of peter and paul from the gospels and the acts of the apostles .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
in the 2013 episode " the time of the doctor , " the eleventh doctor clarified he was the product of the twelfth regeneration , due to a previous incarnation which he chose not to count and one other aborted regeneration .
the hymn functioned both as a liturgical setting of the lord 's prayer and as a means of examining candidates on specific catechism questions .
during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict , the iranian government enjoyed something of a resurgence in popularity amongst the predominantly sunni " arab street , " due to its support for hezbollah and to president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's vehement opposition to the united states and his call that israel shall vanish .
oxygen , as a supposed mild euphoric , has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars and in sports .
but stephen eilmann argues that if it is necessary to disobey rules that conflict with morality , we might ask why disobedience should take the form of public civil disobedience rather than simply covert lawbreaking .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
today , this acceleration due to gravity towards the surface of the earth is usually designated as and has a magnitude of about 9.81 meters per second squared ( this measurement is taken from sea level and may vary depending on location ) , and points toward the center of the earth .
the neighborhood includes kearney boulevard , named after early 20th century entrepreneur and millionaire m. theo kearney , which extends from fresno street in southwest fresno about 20 mi ( 32 km ) west to kerman , california .
parliament typically sits tuesdays , wednesdays and thursdays from early january to late june and from early september to mid december , with two-week recesses in april and october .
a probabilistic turing machine is a deterministic turing machine with an extra supply of random bits .
pharmacists may also be small-business proprietors , owning the pharmacy in which they practice .
tesla incorrectly believed that x-rays were longitudinal waves , such as those produced in waves in plasmas .
for luther 's biographer martin brecht , this partnership " was the beginning of a questionable and originally unintended development towards a church government under the temporal sovereign " .
in general , each of these project structures allows the owner to integrate the services of architects , interior designers , engineers and constructors throughout design and construction .
the antichrist of 2 thessalonians 2 was identified as the power of the papacy .
to clear out this confusion about the definition of imperialism one could speak of " formal " and " informal " imperialism , the first meaning physical control or " full-fledged colonial rule " while the second implied less direct rule though still containing perceivable kinds of dominance .
galileo concluded that motion in a constant velocity was completely equivalent to rest .
the bbc will carry its own british english broadcast , with greg brady , darren fletcher and rocky boiman on commentary .
by the early 20th century , mathematicians began to accept that 1 is not a prime number , but rather forms its own special category as a " unit " .
those who complete high school can join a polytechnic or other technical college and study for three years or proceed directly to the university and study for four years .
dr. thomas coke , already an anglican priest , assisted wesley in this action .
in the southern north sea , due to ongoing tectonic subsidence , the sea level is still rising , at the rate of about 1–3 cm ( 0.39–1.18 in ) per century ( 1 metre or 39 inches in last 3000 years ) .
he was buried in the castle church in wittenberg , beneath the pulpit .
for example , joseph haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the lebanon , new hampshire city councilors stating , " wise up or die . "
sherwood boehlert , chairman of the house science committee , said this was a " misguided and illegitimate investigation " apparently aimed at intimidating scientists , and at his request the u.s. national academy of sciences arranged for its national research council to set up a special investigation .
musicians eric burdon , sting , mark knopfler , alan hull , cheryl cole and neil tennant lived in newcastle .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study .
only four main interactions are known : in order of decreasing strength , they are : strong , electromagnetic , weak , and gravitational .
luther 's rediscovery of " christ and his salvation " was the first of two points that became the foundation for the reformation .
if the answer is yes , many important problems can be shown to have more efficient solutions .
when the researchers ' analysis was " applied to the possible scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) , the researchers found that in 2100 sea levels would be 0.5–1.4 m [ 50–140 cm ] above 1990 levels .
following the initial success of these series , abc revamped its friday night schedule around family-friendly comedies in the late 1980s , culminating in the 1989 debut of the " tgif " block ( which promotions referenced stood for " thank goodness it 's funny " ) .
by 1998 , the vbns had grown to connect more than 100 universities and research and engineering institutions via 12 national points of presence with ds-3 ( 45 mbit/s ) , oc-3c ( 155 mbit/s ) , and oc-12c ( 622 mbit/s ) links on an all oc-12c backbone , a substantial engineering feat for that time .
since the peace of westphalia , the upper rhine formed a contentious border between france and germany .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
in his lecture on april 16 , 2003 , edward said made a bold statement on modern imperialism in the united states , whom he described as using aggressive means of attack towards the contemporary orient , " due to their backward living , lack of democracy and the violation of women ’ s rights .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) .
one class of non-self molecules are called antigens ( short for antibody generators ) and are defined as substances that bind to specific immune receptors and elicit an immune response .
it is the uk 's largest pay-tv broadcaster with 11 million customers as of 2015. it was the uk 's most popular digital tv service until it was overtaken by freeview in april 2007. its corporate headquarters are based in isleworth .
due to an fcc ban on same-market ownership of television and radio stations by a single company ( although the deal would have otherwise complied with new ownership rules implemented by the fcc in january 1985 , that allowed broadcasters to own a maximum of 12 television stations ) , abc and capital cities respectively decided to sell wxyz-tv and tampa independent station wfts-tv to the e. w. scripps company ( although capital cities/abc originally intended to seek a cross-ownership waiver to retain wxyz and capital cities-owned radio stations wjr and whyt ) .
these tribes were formally under iroquois rule , and were limited by them in authority to make agreements .
the court of justice of the european union can interpret the treaties , but it can not rule on their validity , which is subject to international law .
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup .
one of them is goldbach 's conjecture , which asserts that every even integer n greater than 2 can be written as a sum of two primes .
these advances led to the development of a layered model of the earth , with a crust and lithosphere on top , the mantle below ( separated within itself by seismic discontinuities at 410 and 660 kilometers ) , and the outer core and inner core below that .
linebacker demarcus ware was selected to play in the pro bowl for the ninth time in his career , ranking second on the team with 7½ sacks .
in the local alemannic dialect , the singular is pronounced " isel " and this is also the local pronunciation of esel ( " donkey " ) .
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck .
those huguenots who stayed in france became catholics and were called " new converts " .
the lowest point lies at a height 75.6 metres ( 248.0 ft ) ( at the right bank of the vistula , by the eastern border of warsaw ) .
the most recent episodes of the network 's shows are usually made available on watch abc , hulu and abc on demand the day after their original broadcast .
abc 's master feed is transmitted in 720p high definition , the native resolution format for the walt disney company 's u.s. television properties .
he noted that air rushed in when he opened the container , which indicated that part of the trapped air had been consumed .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
gold footballs were given to each high school that has had a player or coach appear in the super bowl , and " homecoming " events were also held by super bowl-winning teams at games .
japanese imports , primarily the toyota corona , the toyota corolla , the datsun b210 , the datsun 510 , the honda civic , the mitsubishi galant ( a captive import from chrysler sold as the dodge colt ) , the subaru dl , and later the honda accord all had four cylinder engines that were more fuel efficient than the typical american v8 and six cylinder engines .
the wars of religion precluded a return voyage , and the outpost was abandoned .
korean economist hoesung lee is the chair of the ipcc since october 8 , 2015 , following the election of the new ipcc bureau .
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
he was a critic of the mainstream indian nationalist and secularist indian national congress .
a 2000 study found that 42 % of uk teachers experienced occupational stress , twice the figure for the average profession .
the scottish parliament has the power to pass laws and has limited tax-varying capability .
the first direct elections for native kenyans to the legislative council took place in 1957. despite british hopes of handing power to " moderate " local rivals , it was the kenya african national union ( kanu ) of jomo kenyatta that formed a government .
nsfnet was also the name given to several nationwide backbone networks operating at speeds of 56 kbit/s , 1.5 mbit/s ( t1 ) , and 45 mbit/s ( t3 ) that were constructed to support nsf 's networking initiatives from 1985-1995. initially created to link researchers to the nation 's nsf-funded supercomputing centers , through further public funding and private industry partnerships it developed into a major part of the internet backbone .
the station is one of only six grade one listed railway stations in the uk .
genghis khan put absolute trust in his generals , such as muqali , jebe and subutai , and regarded them as close advisors , often extending them the same privileges and trust normally reserved for close family members .
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york .
adults of various species range from a few millimeters to 1.5 m ( 4 ft 11 in ) in size .
rugby is also a growing sport in southern california , particularly at the high school level , with increasing numbers of schools adding rugby as an official school sport .
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series .
reactive oxygen species also play an important role in the hypersensitive response of plants against pathogen attack .
:32 the classes were held in german , as it was a school within the austro-hungarian military frontier .
the show 's premise is that this is a life process of time lords through which the character of the doctor takes on a new body and , to some extent , new personality , which occurs after sustaining an injury which would be fatal to most other species .
the talk/lifestyle show that replaced one life to live , the revolution , failed to generate satisfactory ratings and was in turn canceled after only seven months .
in wesel , 30 km downstream of duisburg , is located the western end of the second east-west shipping route , the wesel-datteln canal , which runs parallel to the lippe .
kearney park is the largest of the fresno region 's park system and is home to historic kearney mansion and plays host to the annual civil war revisited , the largest reenactment of the civil war in the west coast of the u.s .
in the helical thylakoid model , grana consist of a stack of flattened circular granal thylakoids that resemble pancakes .
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting .
however , unlike the western khanates , the yuan dynasty never converted to islam .
according to the uk government 's returned 2001 census information , the city of newcastle had a population of 189,863 , whereas the metropolitan borough of newcastle had a population of around 259,000. newcastle has a population of 282,442 according to the office for national statistics .
oxygen is the third most abundant chemical element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium .
29.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 7.9 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm .
by far the most famous work of norman art is the bayeux tapestry , which is not a tapestry but a work of embroidery .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
it began with a dispute over control of the confluence of the allegheny and monongahela rivers , called the forks of the ohio , and the site of the french fort duquesne and present-day pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
most of the rhine 's current course was not under the ice during the last ice age ; although , its source must still have been a glacier .
a fourth series , torchwood : miracle day jointly produced by bbc wales , bbc worldwide and the american entertainment company starz debuted in 2011. the series was predominantly set in the united states , though wales remained part of the show 's setting .
his last sermon was delivered at eisleben , his place of birth , on 15 february 1546 , three days before his death .
eastern crops such as carrots , turnips , new varieties of lemons , eggplants , and melons , high-quality granulated sugar , and cotton were all either introduced or successfully popularized during the yuan dynasty .
the second step of the factory project is to catalog everything .
george wallis ( 1811–1891 ) , the first keeper of fine art collection , passionately promoted the idea of wide art education through the museum collections .
from 66–34 mya , the rainforest extended as far south as 45° .
the natural rhine originally branched into at least two arms and formed small islands by precipitating sediments .
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . "
abc originally launched on october 12 , 1943 as a radio network , separated from and serving as the successor to the nbc blue network , which had been purchased by edward j. noble .
tesla advised adams that a two-phased system would be the most reliable and that there was a westinghouse system to light incandescent bulbs using two-phase alternating current .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
the filling pharmacy has a corresponding responsibility to ensure that the prescription is valid .
again in 2003 , colin baker and sylvester mccoy appeared together in the audio adventure project : lazarus .
ctenophores form an animal phylum that is more complex than sponges , about as complex as cnidarians ( jellyfish , sea anemones , etc .
plague was present in at least one location in the islamic world virtually every year between 1500 and 1850. plague repeatedly struck the cities of north africa .
by the 6th century , the rhine was within the borders of francia .
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " .
the rhine was not known to herodotus and first enters the historical period in the 1st century bc in roman-era geography .
defensive ends derek wolfe and malik jackson each had 5½ sacks .
even simple unicellular organisms such as bacteria possess a rudimentary immune system , in the form of enzymes that protect against bacteriophage infections .
the place of pharmacists in society was expressly defined in the taihō code ( 701 ) and re-stated in the yōrō code ( 718 ) .
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants .
education , especially in an area where there is a high demand for workers , creates high wages for those with this education , however , increases in education first increase and then decrease growth as well as income inequality .
stage 1 is the first , or introductory stage of the bill , where the minister or member in charge of the bill will formally introduce it to parliament together with its accompanying documents – explanatory notes , a policy memorandum setting out the policy underlying the bill , and a financial memorandum setting out the costs and savings associated with it .
there have been numerous attempts to revitalize the neighborhood , including the construction of a modern shopping center on the corner of fresno and b streets , an aborted attempt to build luxury homes and a golf course on the western edge of the neighborhood , and some new section 8 apartments have been built along church ave west of elm st. cargill meat solutions and foster farms both have large processing facilities in the neighborhood , and the stench from these ( and other small industrial facilities ) has long plagued area residents .
not designed to fly through the earth 's atmosphere or return to earth , its fuselage was designed totally without aerodynamic considerations , and was of an extremely lightweight construction .
cyclic photophosphorylation is common in c4 plants , which need more atp than nadph .
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 142 pounds ( 64 kg ) , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926.:292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities .
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular .
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences .
it was proposed that these channels would offer a range of content from the bskyb portfolio including sport ( including english premier league football ) , films , entertainment and news .
within the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts , commensal flora serve as biological barriers by competing with pathogenic bacteria for food and space and , in some cases , by changing the conditions in their environment , such as ph or available iron .
preventable diseases like malaria , hiv/aids , pneumonia , diarrhoea and malnutrition are the biggest burden , major child-killers , and responsible for much morbidity ; weak policies , corruption , inadequate health workers , weak management and poor leadership in the public health sector are largely to blame .
could earn over €90,000 .
following the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event , the extinction of the dinosaurs and the wetter climate may have allowed the tropical rainforest to spread out across the continent .
a study in 1999 found one square kilometer ( 247 acres ) of amazon rainforest can contain about 90,790 tonnes of living plants .
during the special the doctor is forced to regenerate several times , with his subsequent incarnations played by , in order , richard e. grant , jim broadbent , hugh grant and joanna lumley .
palisade mesophyll cells can contain 30–70 chloroplasts per cell , while stomatal guard cells contain only around 8–15 per cell , as well as much less chlorophyll .
fermat also conjectured that all numbers of the form 22n + 1 are prime ( they are called fermat numbers ) and he verified this up to n = 4 ( or 216 + 1 ) .
restrictions implemented by disney–abc television group on january 7 , 2014 restrict streaming of the most recent episode of any abc program on hulu and watch abc until eight days after their initial broadcast , in order to encourage live or same-week ( via both dvr and cable on demand ) viewing , with day-after-air streaming on either service limited to subscribers of participating pay television providers ( such as comcast , verizon fios and time warner cable ) using an isp account via an authenticated user login .
since its invention in 1269 , the 'phags-pa script , a unified script for spelling mongolian , tibetan , and chinese languages , was preserved in the court until the end of the dynasty .
based on genetic evidence derived from black death victims in the east smithfield burial site in england , schuenemann et al .
knowing that stalin was hostile to the idea of an independent poland , the polish government-in-exile in london gave orders to the underground home army ( ak ) to try to seize control of warsaw from the germans before the red army arrived .
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns .
texas has the largest number of members , with about 1 million .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
this provided incentives for imperial and colonial powers to obtain " information to fill in blank spaces on contemporary maps " .
warsaw lies in east-central poland about 300 km ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains and about 260 km ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea , 523 km ( 325 mi ) east of berlin , germany .
at the columbian exposition , under a banner announcing the " tesla polyphase system " , tesla demonstrated a series of electrical effects previously performed throughout america and europe , :76 included using high-voltage , high-frequency alternating current to light a wireless gas-discharge lamp .
glaucophyte chloroplasts also contain concentric unstacked thylakoids , which surround a carboxysome - an icosahedral structure that glaucophyte chloroplasts and cyanobacteria keep their carbon fixation enzyme rubisco in .
the ceremonial walk to the church and the wedding banquet were left out , and were made up two weeks later on 27 june .
the hoppings , reputedly the largest travelling fair in europe , takes place on newcastle town moor every june .
the key point is that the spirit of protest should be maintained all the way , whether it is done by remaining in jail , or by evading it .
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 .
the wine industry in south africa owes a significant debt to the huguenots , some of whom had vineyards in france , or were brandy distillers , and used their skills in their new home .
the two teams ' combined third down conversion percentage of 13.8 was a super bowl low .
another form ( allotrope ) of oxygen , ozone ( o 3 ) , strongly absorbs uvb radiation and consequently the high-altitude ozone layer helps protect the biosphere from ultraviolet radiation , but is a pollutant near the surface where it is a by-product of smog .
although some of constable 's works came to the museum with the sheepshanks bequest , the majority of the artist 's works were donated by his daughter isabel in 1888 , including the large number of sketches in oil , the most significant being the 1821 full size oil sketch for the hay wain .
for example , friction is caused by the gradients of numerous electrostatic potentials between the atoms , but manifests as a force model that is independent of any macroscale position vector .
earlier papers studying problems solvable by turing machines with specific bounded resources include john myhill 's definition of linear bounded automata ( myhill 1960 ) , raymond smullyan 's study of rudimentary sets ( 1961 ) , as well as hisao yamada 's paper on real-time computations ( 1962 ) .
the mongols practiced debt slavery , and by 1290 in all parts of the mongol empire commoners were selling their children into slavery .
an important factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals ' access to education .
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service .
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003. other lesser known groups include the islamic liberation party , salvation from hell and takfir wal-hijra , and these groups have variously been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures , arson of video shops and attempted takeovers of government buildings .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
english chemist john mayow ( 1641–1679 ) refined this work by showing that fire requires only a part of air that he called spiritus nitroaereus or just nitroaereus .
the jawaharlal nehru gallery of indian art , opened in 1991 , contains art from about 500 bc to the 19th century .
strictly speaking datanet 1 only referred to the network and the connected users via leased lines ( using the x.121 dnic 2041 ) , the name also referred to the public pad service telepad ( using the dnic 2049 ) .
saudi arabia attempted to compensate for its loss of prestige among these groups by repressing those domestic islamists who attacked it ( bin laden being a prime example ) , and increasing aid to islamic groups ( islamist madrassas around the world and even aiding some violent islamist groups ) that did not , but its pre-war influence on behalf of moderation was greatly reduced .
the advances made in the middle east in botany and chemistry led medicine in medieval islam substantially to develop pharmacology .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
his opinion stemmed from the belief that humans ' " pity " had interfered with the natural " ruthless workings of nature , " rather than from conceptions of a " master race " or inherent superiority of one person over another .
their most distinctive feature is the ‘ combs ’ – groups of cilia which they use for swimming – they are the largest animals that swim by means of cilia .
most western countries , and some others , have now banned it , but it remains lawful in the united states following a us supreme court decision in 1977 which held that paddling did not violate the us constitution .
the height of this persecution was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre when 5,000 to 30,000 were killed , although there were also underlying political reasons for this as well , as some of the huguenots were nobles trying to establish separate centers of power in southern france .
tesla published the document in an attempt to expound on the technical description of a " superweapon that would put an end to all war . "
but an even bigger facility would be needed for the mammoth rocket required for the manned lunar mission , so land acquisition was started in july 1961 for a launch operations center ( loc ) immediately north of canaveral at merritt island .
the arrival of satellite television ended the need for abc to hold interests in other countries ; many governments also wanted to increase their independence and strengthen legislation to limit foreign ownership of broadcasting properties .
instead , the lisbon treaty was enacted .
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland .
galileo constructed an experiment in which stones and cannonballs were both rolled down an incline to disprove the aristotelian theory of motion early in the 17th century .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
his hymns influenced the development of singing in churches .
in 1983 , for the 40th anniversary of the network 's founding , id sequences had the logo appear in a gold cgi design on a blue background , accompanied by the slogan " that special feeling " in a script font .
not a maritime power , and not a nation-state , as it would eventually become , germany ’ s participation in western imperialism was negligible until the late 19th century .
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " .
this technology gave european armies an advantage over their opponents , as armies in less-developed countries were still fighting with arrows , swords , and leather shields ( e.g .
on july 23 , 1963 , webb announced mueller 's appointment as deputy associate administrator for manned space flight , to replace then associate administrator d. brainerd holmes on his retirement effective september 1. under webb 's reorganization , the directors of the manned spacecraft center ( gilruth ) marshall space flight center ( von braun ) and the launch operations center ( debus ) effectively reported to mueller .
secondly , aspirational consumption describes the process of middle income earners aspiring to achieve the standards of living enjoyed by their wealthier counterparts and one method of achieving this aspiration is by taking on debt .
it was not until the late 1950s that the abc network became a serious contender to nbc and cbs , and this was in large part due to the diverse range of programming that met the expectations of the public , such as westerns and detective series .
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff .
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
newton 's laws and newtonian mechanics in general were first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects .
though there is no official definition for the northern boundary of southern california , such a division has existed from the time when mexico ruled california , and political disputes raged between the californios of monterey in the upper part and los angeles in the lower part of alta california .
trade economist paul krugman estimates that trade liberalisation has had a measurable effect on the rising inequality in the united states .
sierra sky park was the first aviation community to be built [ citation needed ] and there are now numerous such communities across the united states and around the world .
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005. in this latter gallery stained glass is displayed alongside silverware starting in the 12th century and continuing to the present .
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility .
opposition politicians , human rights groups , and nine western countries criticised the security bill , arguing that it infringed on democratic freedoms .
this ability to distribute chloroplasts so that they can take shelter behind each other or spread out may be the reason why land plants evolved to have many small chloroplasts instead of a few big ones .
then after an incompletion , thomas davis tackled anderson for a 1-yard gain on third down , forcing denver to settle for a 3–0 lead on a brandon mcmanus 34-yard field goal .
in the united states , pharmaceutical care or clinical pharmacy has had an evolving influence on the practice of pharmacy .
the collection has numerous examples of various types of textiles designed by william morris , including , embroidery , woven fabrics , tapestries ( including 'the forest ' tapestry of 1887 ) , rugs and carpets , as well as pattern books and paper designs .
abc currently holds the broadcast rights to the academy awards , emmy awards ( which are rotated across all four major networks on a year-to-year basis ) , american music awards , disney parks christmas day parade , tournament of roses parade , country music association awards and the cma music festival .
uk law only required £1 of capital to start a company , while denmark 's legislature took the view companies should only be started up if they had 200,000 danish krone ( around €27,000 ) to protect creditors if the company failed and went insolvent .
the input string for a computational problem is referred to as a problem instance , and should not be confused with the problem itself .
his marriage to katharina von bora set a model for the practice of clerical marriage , allowing protestant clergy to marry .
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river .
his military strategies showed a deep interest in gathering good intelligence and understanding the motivations of his rivals , exemplified by his extensive spy network and yam route systems .
in the years after these rumors , neither tesla nor edison won the prize ( although edison did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1915 and tesla did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1937 ) .
his loyal secretary , dorothy skerrit , wrote : " his genial smile and nobility of bearing always denoted the gentlemanly characteristics that were so ingrained in his soul . "
thereafter , radicalism found a refuge in the anabaptist movement and other religious movements , while luther 's reformation flourished under the wing of the secular powers .
european and arab presence in coastal mombasa dates to the early modern period ; european exploration of the interior began in the 19th century .
the highest level is called the general conference and is the only organization which may speak officially for the church .
at the beginning of 1893 westinghouse engineer benjamin lamme had made great progress developing an efficient version of tesla 's induction motor and westinghouse electric started branding their complete polyphase phase ac system as the " tesla polyphase system " , noting how they believed tesla 's patents gave them patent priority over other ac systems .
there were 4 han tumens and 3 khitan tumens , with each tumen consisting of 10,000 troops .
computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty , and relating those classes to each other .
its collection spans 5,000 years of art , from ancient times to the present day , from the cultures of europe , north america , asia and north africa .
in 1201 , a khuruldai elected jamukha as gür khan , " universal ruler " , a title used by the rulers of the qara khitai .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
hyperbaric ( high-pressure ) medicine uses special oxygen chambers to increase the partial pressure of o 2 around the patient and , when needed , the medical staff .
the long running paternity discussion about genghis ' oldest son jochi was particularly contentious because of the seniority of jochi among the brothers .
linebacker demarcus ware was selected to play in the pro bowl for the ninth time in his career , ranking second on the team with 7½ sacks .
luther 's rediscovery of " christ and his salvation " was the first of two points that became the foundation for the reformation .
british settlers outnumbered the french 20 to 1 with a population of about 1.5 million ranged along the eastern coast of the continent , from nova scotia and newfoundland in the north , to georgia in the south .
the city also has a radio lollipop station based at the great north children 's hospital in the newcastle royal victoria infirmary .
by the first millennium ad , the bantu expansion had reached the area from west-central africa .
a number of huguenots served as mayors in dublin , cork , youghal and waterford in the 17th and 18th centuries .
supplementary sources of european union law include case law by the court of justice , international law and general principles of european union law .
later under genghis khan 's grandson batu and the golden horde , the mongols returned to conquer volga bulgaria and kievan rus ' in 1237 , concluding the campaign in 1240 .
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) .
fossils found in kenya suggest that primates roamed the area more than 20 million years ago .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
stratigraphers also analyze data from geophysical surveys that show the locations of stratigraphic units in the subsurface .
unfortunately this belief still lives on in poland ( although not as much as it used to be ) – even though since 1990 there are no limitations to residency registration anymore .
in a form of additive building construction , similar to the additive manufacturing techniques for manufactured parts , building printing is making it possible to flexibly construct small commercial buildings and private habitations in around 20 hours , with built-in plumbing and electrical facilities , in one continuous build , using large 3d printers .
in 1565 the spanish decided to enforce their claim to la florida , and sent pedro menéndez de avilés , who established the settlement of st. augustine near fort caroline .
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly .
in contrast , during wake periods differentiated effector cells , such as cytotoxic natural killer cells and ctls ( cytotoxic t lymphocytes ) , peak in order to elicit an effective response against any intruding pathogens .
in his smalcald articles , he described the saints as currently residing " in their graves and in heaven . "
the mongol empire was governed by a civilian and military code , called the yassa , created by genghis khan .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
southern california contains a mediterranean climate , with infrequent rain and many sunny days .
cryptophytes , or cryptomonads are a group of algae that contain a red-algal derived chloroplast .
many samples appear to be pitted with micrometeoroid impact craters , which is never seen on earth rocks , due to the thick atmosphere .
datanet 1 was the public switched data network operated by the dutch ptt telecom ( now known as kpn ) .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
new forms include partnering such as public-private partnering ( ppps ) aka private finance initiatives ( pfis ) and alliances such as " pure " or " project " alliances and " impure " or " strategic " alliances .
the principle of faunal succession is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks .
in the secret history of the mongols , just before the invasion of the khwarezmid empire by genghis khan , chagatai declared before his father and brothers that he would never accept jochi as genghis khan 's successor .
at first he sent missionaries , backed by a fund to financially reward converts to catholicism .
in 1928 , tesla received his last patent , u.s. patent 1,655,114 , for a biplane capable of taking off vertically ( vtol aircraft ) and then be " gradually tilted through manipulation of the elevator devices " in flight until it was flying like a conventional plane .
two of the expeditions were successful , with fort duquesne and louisbourg falling to sizable british forces .
the northern pride festival and parade is held in leazes park and in the city 's gay community in mid july .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
salaries for nursery , primary and secondary school teachers ranged from £20,133 to £41,004 in september 2007 , although some salaries can go much higher depending on experience and extra responsibilities .
huguenot regiments fought for william of orange in the williamite war in ireland , for which they were rewarded with land grants and titles , many settling in dublin .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
the lutheran theologian franz pieper observed that luther 's teaching about the state of the christian 's soul after death differed from the later lutheran theologians such as johann gerhard .
saudi arabia spent over 100 billion dollars in the ensuing decades for helping spread its fundamentalist interpretation of islam , known as wahhabism , throughout the world , via religious charities such al-haramain foundation , which often also distributed funds to violent sunni extremist groups such as al-qaeda and the taliban .
in the course of the polish-bolshevik war of 1920 , the huge battle of warsaw was fought on the eastern outskirts of the city in which the capital was successfully defended and the red army defeated .
during this time , the discovery of oil in the north sea and the following " it 's scotland 's oil " campaign of the scottish national party ( snp ) resulted in rising support for scottish independence , as well as the snp .
it is also produced in the troposphere by the photolysis of ozone by light of short wavelength , and by the immune system as a source of active oxygen .
here the high rhine ends .
red ribbons were used to represent the entertainment division , while blue ribbons were used for abc news .
they are all equally powerful in principle , but when resources ( such as time or space ) are bounded , some of these may be more powerful than others .
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup .
in 1979 , less than a year after becoming pope , john paul celebrated mass in victory square in warsaw and ended his sermon with a call to " renew the face " of poland : let thy spirit descend !
by contrast , male sex hormones such as testosterone seem to be immunosuppressive .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
the war was fought primarily along the frontiers between new france and the british colonies , from virginia in the south to nova scotia in the north .
excellent job opportunities are expected as retirements , especially among secondary school teachers , outweigh slowing enrollment growth ; opportunities will vary by geographic area and subject taught .
the river ijssel branch flows to the north and enters the ijsselmeer , formerly the zuider zee brackish lagoon ; however , since 1932 , a freshwater lake .
it stands on the vistula river in east-central poland , roughly 260 kilometres ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea and 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains .
some theories developed in the 1970s established possible avenues through which inequality may have a positive effect on economic development .
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
islamism , also known as political islam ( arabic : إسلام سياسي‎ islām siyāsī ) , is an islamic revival movement often characterized by moral conservatism , literalism , and the attempt " to implement islamic values in all spheres of life . "
creating an index of " health and social problems " from nine factors , authors richard wilkinson and kate pickett found health and social problems " more common in countries with bigger income inequalities " , and more common among states in the us with larger income inequalities .
by making rest physically indistinguishable from non-zero constant velocity , newton 's first law directly connects inertia with the concept of relative velocities .
steam engines can be said to have been the moving force behind the industrial revolution and saw widespread commercial use driving machinery in factories , mills and mines ; powering pumping stations ; and propelling transport appliances such as railway locomotives , ships , steamboats and road vehicles .
as part of the agreements , both bskyb and virgin media agreed to terminate all high court proceedings against each other relating to the carriage of their respective basic channels .
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 .
who did not consider the yuan dynasty as a legitimate dynasty of china , but rather as a period of foreign domination .
their presence , combined with a perceived british policy of allowing them free rein , heightened by exposés such as the 2007 channel 4 documentary programme undercover mosque , has given rise to the term londonistan .
in the motor rallying arena , kenya is home to the world famous safari rally , commonly acknowledged as one of the toughest rallies in the world .
in the cycle , water is heated and transforms into steam within a boiler operating at a high pressure .
in particular , this norm gets smaller when a number is multiplied by p , in sharp contrast to the usual absolute value ( also referred to as the infinite prime ) .
despite an almost 500 % increase in advertising revenues between 1953 and 1958 , the network only had a national reach of between 10 % and 18 % of the total u.s. population , as it still had relatively fewer affiliates than nbc and cbs .
the origin of the name kenya is not clear , but perhaps linked to the kikuyu , embu and kamba words kirinyaga , kirenyaa and kiinyaa which mean " god 's resting place " in all three languages .
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started .
when the script was presented to newman and wilson it was immediately rejected as the programme was not permitted to contain any " bug-eyed monsters " .
the lunar module ( lm ) was designed to descend from lunar orbit to land two astronauts on the moon and take them back to orbit to rendezvous with the command module .
in 2013 , the peabody awards honoured doctor who with an institutional peabody " for evolving with technology and the times like nothing else in the known television universe . "
it fostered the development of a standard version of the german language , added several principles to the art of translation , and influenced the writing of an english translation , the tyndale bible .
pharmacy informatics is the combination of pharmacy practice science and applied information science .
one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions shows that the amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of severely reduced rainfall and increased temperatures , leading to an almost complete loss of rainforest cover in the basin by 2100. however , simulations of amazon basin climate change across many different models are not consistent in their estimation of any rainfall response , ranging from weak increases to strong decreases .
with a population of 3,792,621 , los angeles is the most populous city in california and the second most populous in the united states .
informal learning may be assisted by a teacher occupying a transient or ongoing role , such as a family member , or by anyone with knowledge or skills in the wider community setting .
he felt that colonies did not pay for themselves , that the german bureaucratic system would not work well in the tropics and the diplomatic disputes over colonies would distract germany from its central interest , europe itself .
they are sometimes called blue-green algae even though they are prokaryotes .
most working children are active in agriculture .
among his books are my inventions : the autobiography of nikola tesla , compiled and edited by ben johnston ; the fantastic inventions of nikola tesla , compiled and edited by david hatcher childress ; and the tesla papers .
tesla believed that the league of nations was not a remedy for the times and issues .
the american broadcasting company ( abc ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) is an american commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the disney–abc television group , a subsidiary of disney media networks division of the walt disney company .
however , as one and the same valve usually controls both steam flows , a short cutoff at admission adversely affects the exhaust and compression periods which should ideally always be kept fairly constant ; if the exhaust event is too brief , the totality of the exhaust steam can not evacuate the cylinder , choking it and giving excessive compression ( " kick back " ) .
this mechanism is still the leading theory today ; however , a second theory suggests that most cpdna is actually linear and replicates through homologous recombination .
the museum is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the department for culture , media and sport .
while experimenting , tesla inadvertently faulted a power station generator , causing a power outage .
the theory formalizes this intuition , by introducing mathematical models of computation to study these problems and quantifying the amount of resources needed to solve them , such as time and storage .
in some places , there are large compensation pools , for example the huge bassin de compensation de plobsheim in alsace .
victoria contains many topographically , geologically and climatically diverse areas , ranging from the wet , temperate climate of gippsland in the southeast to the snow-covered victorian alpine areas which rise to almost 2,000 m ( 6,600 ft ) , with mount bogong the highest peak at 1,986 m ( 6,516 ft ) .
from 1525 to 1529 , he established a supervisory church body , laid down a new form of worship service , and wrote a clear summary of the new faith in the form of two catechisms .
st joseph 's college , gregory terrace , saint ignatius ' college , riverview , st gregory 's college , campbelltown , st aloysius ' college ( sydney ) and st joseph 's college , hunters hill , as well as loreto kirribilli , monte sant angelo mercy college , st ursula 's college and loreto normanhurst for girls .
temüjin turned to toghrul for support , and in response , toghrul offered his vassal 20,000 of his keraite warriors and suggested that he also involve his childhood friend jamukha , who had himself become khan ( ruler ) of his own tribe , the jadaran .
frontiers from between nova scotia and acadia in the north , to the ohio country in the south , were claimed by both sides .
they may be appointed to the local church , or to other valid extension ministries of the church .
the american automobile association reported that in the last week of february 1974 , 20 % of american gasoline stations had no fuel .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
in 1854 at ballarat there was an armed rebellion against the government of victoria by miners protesting against mining taxes ( the " eureka stockade " ) .
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere .
the alsace on the left banks of the upper rhine was sold to burgundy by archduke sigismund of austria in 1469 and eventually fell to france in the thirty years ' war .
in democratic , multiparty elections in 1992 and 1997 , daniel arap moi won re-election .
the cyclades packet switching network was a french research network designed and directed by louis pouzin .
geneva was john calvin 's adopted home and the centre of the calvinist movement .
approximately one million protestants in modern france represent some 2 % of its population .
sierra sky park was the first aviation community to be built [ citation needed ] and there are now numerous such communities across the united states and around the world .
he died in 1227 after defeating the western xia .
its most familiar effect is beta decay ( of neutrons in atomic nuclei ) and the associated radioactivity .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
euclid also showed how to construct a perfect number from a mersenne prime .
the crowd that witnessed the demonstration made outrageous claims about the workings of the boat , such as magic , telepathy , and being piloted by a trained monkey hidden inside .
the geordie dialect has much of its origins in the language spoken by the anglo-saxon populations who migrated to and conquered much of england after the end of roman imperial rule .
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting .
seventy percent of formerly forested land in the amazon , and 91 % of land deforested since 1970 , is used for livestock pasture .
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver .
temüjin grew up observing the tough political climate of mongolia , which included tribal warfare , thievery , raids , corruption , and continual acts of revenge carried out between the various confederations , all compounded by interference from foreign forces such as the chinese dynasties to the south .
according to the uk government 's returned 2001 census information , the city of newcastle had a population of 189,863 , whereas the metropolitan borough of newcastle had a population of around 259,000. newcastle has a population of 282,442 according to the office for national statistics .
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf .
since the 1970s , many of these " segregation academies " have shut down , although some continue to operate .
european expansion caused the world to be divided by how developed and developing nation are portrayed through the world systems theory .
:93 the normal force , for example , is responsible for the structural integrity of tables and floors as well as being the force that responds whenever an external force pushes on a solid object .
it is a common misconception to ascribe the stiffness and rigidity of solid matter to the repulsion of like charges under the influence of the electromagnetic force .
all schools must comply with government-set curriculum standards .
kilbrandon published his report in 1973 recommending the establishment of a directly elected scottish assembly to legislate for the majority of domestic scottish affairs .
the british spirit of imperialism was expressed by joseph chamberlain and lord rosebury , and implemented in africa by cecil rhodes .
in 1825 george stephenson built the locomotion for the stockton and darlington railway .
warsaw ( polish : warszawa [ varˈʂava ] ( listen ) ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland .
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market .
ergänzungsschulen are secondary or post-secondary ( non-tertiary ) schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or rarely , religious groups and offer a type of education which is not available at public schools .
oxygen is the most abundant chemical element by mass in the earth 's biosphere , air , sea and land .
after an unmanned lm test flight as-206 , a crew would fly the first block ii csm and lm in a dual mission known as as-207/208 , or as-278 ( each spacecraft would be launched on a separate saturn ib . )
some normans joined turkish forces to aid in the destruction of the armenians vassal-states of sassoun and taron in far eastern anatolia .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
in some states such north carolina and new mexico these pharmacist clinicians are given collaborative prescriptive and diagnostic authority .
environmentalists are concerned about loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest , and also about the release of the carbon contained within the vegetation , which could accelerate global warming .
an example of this is the pronunciation of certain words : " dead " , " cow " , " house " and " strong " are pronounced " deed " , " coo " , " hoos " and " strang " —which is how they were pronounced in the anglo-saxon language .
this coupling between rigid plates moving on the surface of the earth and the convecting mantle is called plate tectonics .
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water .
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
the rest of the earth 's crust is also made of oxygen compounds , in particular various complex silicates ( in silicate minerals ) .
notable exceptions were : the daleks ' master plan , which aired in 12 episodes ( plus an earlier one-episode teaser , " mission to the unknown " , featuring none of the regular cast ) ; almost an entire season of seven-episode serials ( season 7 ) ; the 10-episode serial the war games ; and the trial of a time lord , which ran for 14 episodes ( albeit divided into three production codes and four narrative segments ) during season 23. occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy .
often having an elementary formulation , many of these conjectures have withstood a proof for decades : all four of landau 's problems from 1912 are still unsolved .
such cities , which have over 100,000 people or these , where already was president before 1990. the first warsaw president was jan andrzej menich ( 1695–1696 ) .
in their reporting on the top 400 , they used data on transportation , sewer , hazardous waste and water to rank firms as heavy contractors .
liquid oxygen is attracted to a magnet to a sufficient extent that , in laboratory demonstrations , a bridge of liquid oxygen may be supported against its own weight between the poles of a powerful magnet .
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations .
( an earlier version of eyevision was last used in super bowl xxxv ; for super bowl 50 , the cameras were upgraded to 5k resolution . )
apollo 8 was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body , while the final apollo 17 mission marked the sixth moon landing and the ninth manned mission beyond low earth orbit .
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration .
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction .
during the second world war , warsaw was razed to the ground by bombing raids and planned destruction .
the cestida ( " belt animals " ) are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals , with the mouth and aboral organ aligned in the middle of opposite edges of the ribbon .
the mechanism for chloroplast dna ( cpdna ) replication has not been conclusively determined , but two main models have been proposed .
this action was upheld because , according to the u.s. court of appeals for the first circuit , her statement suggested a lack of remorse , an attempt to avoid responsibility for her actions , and even a likelihood of repeating her illegal actions .
many charter schools do not require that their teachers be certified , provided they meet the standards to be highly qualified as set by no child left behind .
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies .
treaties apply as soon as they enter into force , unless stated otherwise , and are generally concluded for an unlimited period .
in his work pneumatica , philo observed that inverting a vessel over a burning candle and surrounding the vessel 's neck with water resulted in some water rising into the neck .
in 1599 the british east india company was established and was chartered by queen elizabeth in the following year .
the first doctor encounters himself in the story the space museum ( albeit frozen and as an exhibit ) , the third doctor encounters and interacts with himself in the story day of the daleks , the fourth doctor encounters and interacts with the future incarnation of himself ( the 'watcher ' ) in the story logopolis , the ninth doctor observes a former version of his current incarnation in " father 's day " , and the eleventh doctor briefly comes face to face with himself in " the big bang " .
one of the later ruptures between toghrul and temüjin was toghrul 's refusal to give his daughter in marriage to jochi , the eldest son of temüjin , a sign of disrespect in the mongolian culture .
kublai expanded the grand canal from southern china to daidu in the north .
this is called immune surveillance .
in such a situation , a force is applied in the direction of motion while the kinetic friction force exactly opposes the applied force .
nikola suffered a nervous breakdown at around the same time .
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
while an appointment is made one year at a time , it is most common for an appointment to be continued for multiple years .
establishing " natural borders " on the rhine was a long-term goal of french foreign policy , since the middle ages , though the language border was – and is – far more to the west .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
according to goldenson , monday night football helped earn abc regularly score an audience share of 15 % –16 % ; abc sports managed the budget for the monday night time slot to reallocate the weekly budget for abc 's prime time schedule to just six days , as opposed to seven on competing networks .
a two-volume illustrated folio paraphrase version based on his manuscript , by jean de rély , was printed in paris in 1487 .
the first huguenot to arrive at the cape of good hope was however maria de la queillerie , wife of commander jan van riebeeck ( and daughter of a walloon church minister ) , who arrived on 6 april 1652 to establish a settlement at what is today cape town .
civil disobedients have chosen a variety of different illegal acts .
after strengthening his government in northern china , kublai pursued an expansionist policy in line with the tradition of mongol and chinese imperialism .
prior to october 2005 , three bskyb channels were available on this platform : sky news , sky three , and sky sports news .
rhodoplasts have a double membrane with an intermembrane space and phycobilin pigments organized into phycobilisomes on the thylakoid membranes , preventing their thylakoids from stacking .
additionally , steeper tax progressivity applied to social spending can result in a more equal distribution of income across the board .
the implication that the style of lace known as 'bucks point ' demonstrates a huguenot influence , being a " combination of mechlin patterns on lille ground " , is fallacious : what is now known as mechlin lace did not develop until first half of the eighteenth century and lace with mechlin patterns and lille ground did not appear until the end of the 18th century , when it was widely copied throughout europe .
uptake of o 2 from the air is the essential purpose of respiration , so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine .
since there are many known complexity classes between p and pspace , such as rp , bpp , pp , bqp , ma , ph , etc. , it is possible that all these complexity classes collapse to one class .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
in 1959 , walt disney productions , having improved its financial situation , had purchased abc 's shares in the disneyland theme park for $ 7.5 million and initiated discussions to renew abc 's television contract for walt disney presents , which was due to expire in 1961. walt disney was approached by nbc to produce color broadcasts of his anthology series ( which would be renamed walt disney 's wonderful world of color ) .
legally , the central bridge is the boundary between high and upper rhine .
this treatise is currently in the nikola tesla museum archive in belgrade .
an affectionate parody of the television series , it was split into four segments , mimicking the traditional serial format , complete with cliffhangers , and running down the same corridor several times when being chased ( the version released on video was split into only two episodes ) .
the church was eventually replaced by a third , trinity-st. paul 's episcopal church , which contains heirlooms including the original bell from the french huguenot church " eglise du st. esperit " on pine street in new york city , which is preserved as a relic in the tower room .
close to newcastle , the largest indoor shopping centre in europe , the metrocentre , is located in gateshead .
he designed to the north west of the garden the five-storey school for naval architects ( also known as the science schools ) , now the henry cole wing in 1867–72 .
there are many important organic solvents that contain oxygen , including : acetone , methanol , ethanol , isopropanol , furan , thf , diethyl ether , dioxane , ethyl acetate , dmf , dmso , acetic acid , and formic acid .
killer t cells only recognize antigens coupled to class i mhc molecules , while helper t cells and regulatory t cells only recognize antigens coupled to class ii mhc molecules .
invitations to address parliament in this manner are determined by the presiding officer on the advice of the parliamentary bureau .
abercrombie was recalled and replaced by jeffery amherst , victor at louisbourg .
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk .
the university of chicago was created and incorporated as a coeducational , secular institution in 1890 by the american baptist education society and a donation from oil magnate and philanthropist john d. rockefeller on land donated by marshall field .
they help transfer and dissipate excess energy , and their bright colors sometimes override the chlorophyll green , like during the fall , when the leaves of some land plants change color .
north american aviation won the contract to build the csm , and also the second stage of the saturn v launch vehicle for nasa .
with countries such as spain not even having a crime against shipping toxic waste , franco frattini , the justice , freedom and security commissioner , proposed with dimas to create criminal sentences for " ecological crimes " .
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north .
the delay in the csm caused by the fire enabled nasa to catch up on man-rating the lm and saturn v. apollo 4 ( as-501 ) was the first unmanned flight of the saturn v , carrying a block i csm on november 9 , 1967. the capability of the command module 's heat shield to survive a trans-lunar reentry was demonstrated by using the service module engine to ram it into the atmosphere at higher than the usual earth-orbital reentry speed .
the academic bodies of the university of chicago consist of the college , four divisions of graduate research and seven professional schools .
as a response , shirley left garrisons at oswego , fort bull , and fort williams ( the latter two located on the oneida carry between the mohawk river and wood creek at present-day rome , new york ) .
for example , depictions of opulent american lifestyles in the soap opera dallas during the cold war changed the expectations of romanians ; a more recent example is the influence of smuggled south korean drama series in north korea .
capital cities/abc reported revenues of $ 465 million .
proportionality is recognised one of the general principles of european union law by the european court of justice since the 1950s .
mitsubishi rebranded its forte as the dodge d-50 a few years after the oil crisis .
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block .
the scots king william the lion was imprisoned in newcastle in 1174 , and edward i brought the stone of scone and william wallace south through the town .
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game .
structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples to observe the fabric within the rocks which gives information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks .
so , in schmidberger v austria the court of justice held that austria did not infringe article 34 by failing to ban a protest that blocked heavy traffic passing over the a13 , brenner autobahn , en route to italy .
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000. the three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined .
basic formal education starts at age six years and lasts 12 years comprising eight years in primary school and four years in high school or secondary school .
duty is the number of foot-pounds of work delivered by burning one bushel ( 94 pounds ) of coal .
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example .
the average fee is around €5,000 annually for most schools , but some of these schools also provide boarding and the fees may then rise up to €25,000 per year .
the other three are located in a residential neighborhood half a mile northwest of the yard at the quadrangle ( commonly referred to as the quad ) , which formerly housed radcliffe college students until radcliffe merged its residential system with harvard .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
exactly 12 months later on 12 december 1964 , kenya became a republic under the name " republic of kenya " .
twigg suggested that the cause was a form of anthrax , and norman cantor ( 2001 ) thought it may have been a combination of anthrax and other pandemics .
such services include the thorough analysis of all medication ( prescription , non-prescription , and herbals ) currently being taken by an individual .
the rhine-meuse delta , the most important natural region of the netherlands begins near millingen aan de rijn , close to the dutch-german border with the division of the rhine into waal and nederrijn .
the lower rhine flows through north rhine-westphalia .
yet if tetzel overstated the matter in regard to indulgences for the dead , his teaching on indulgences for the living was in line with catholic dogma of the time .
as of february 2011 [ update ] , this conjecture has been verified for all numbers up to n = 2 · 1017. weaker statements than this have been proven , for example vinogradov 's theorem says that every sufficiently large odd integer can be written as a sum of three primes .
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession .
members of the lobate genera bathocyroe and ocyropsis can escape from danger by clapping their lobes , so that the jet of expelled water drives them backwards very quickly .
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity .
the university also annually holds a summer carnival and concert called summer breeze that hosts outside musicians , and is home to doc films , a student film society founded in 1932 that screens films nightly at the university .
warsaw has also two botanic gardens : by the łazienki park ( a didactic-research unit of the university of warsaw ) as well as by the park of culture and rest in powsin ( a unit of the polish academy of science ) .
wiesner blurted out " no , that 's no good " in front of the press , during a presentation by von braun .
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states .
starting in 1965 , donald davies at the national physical laboratory , uk , independently developed the same message routing methodology as developed by baran .
operating since 1793 and founded as a ‘ conversation club , ’ its lecture theatre was the first public building to be lit by electric light , during a lecture by joseph swan on 20 october 1880 .
late nights feature the weeknight talk show jimmy kimmel live ! .
by working alongside the authorities to restore public order , he signalled his reinvention as a conservative force within the reformation .
apicomplexans are another group of chromalveolates .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
english chemist john mayow ( 1641–1679 ) refined this work by showing that fire requires only a part of air that he called spiritus nitroaereus or just nitroaereus .
he came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of northeast asia .
harvard 's academic programs operate on a semester calendar beginning in early september and ending in mid-may .
the church tower received a battering during the siege of newcastle by the scots who finally breached the town wall and forced surrender .
in foster v british gas plc the court of justice held that mrs foster was entitled to bring a sex discrimination claim against her employer , british gas plc , which made women retire at age 60 and men at 65 , if ( 1 ) pursuant to a state measure , ( 2 ) it provided a public service , and ( 3 ) had special powers .
" dà yuán " ( 大元 ) is from the sentence " 大哉乾元 " ( dà zai qián yuán / " great is qián , the primal " ) in the commentaries on the classic of changes ( i ching ) section regarding qián ( 乾 ) .
in addition to arguing that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic , sceptics of the bubonic plague theory point out that the symptoms of the black death are not unique ( and arguably in some accounts may differ from bubonic plague ) ; that transference via fleas in goods was likely to be of marginal significance ; and that the dna results may be flawed and might not have been repeated elsewhere , despite extensive samples from other mass graves .
the chinese medical tradition of the yuan had " four great schools " that the yuan inherited from the jin dynasty .
from the late 1340s onwards , people in the countryside suffered from frequent natural disasters such as droughts , floods and the resulting famines , and the government 's lack of effective policy led to a loss of popular support .
the region is home to two extended metropolitan areas that exceed five million in population .
the population of pons aelius at this period was estimated at 2,000. fragments of hadrian 's wall are still visible in parts of newcastle , particularly along the west road .
the weight of boilers and condensers generally makes the power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant lower than for internal combustion engines .
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) .
this parish continues today as l'eglise du saint-esprit , part of the episcopal ( anglican ) communion , and welcomes francophone new yorkers from all over the world .
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium .
from 1965 to 1991 the books published were primarily novelised adaptations of broadcast episodes ; beginning in 1991 an extensive line of original fiction was launched , the virgin new adventures and virgin missing adventures .
following the 9/11 attacks , however , abu hamza al-masri , the imam of the finsbury park mosque , was arrested and charged with incitement to terrorism which has caused many islamists to leave the uk to avoid internment .
for the complexity classes defined in this way , it is desirable to prove that relaxing the requirements on ( say ) computation time indeed defines a bigger set of problems .
traditionally , labor is strongest in melbourne 's working class western and northern suburbs , and the regional cities of ballarat , bendigo and geelong .
in 1957 competition rules were included in the treaty of rome , also known as the ec treaty , which established the european economic community ( eec ) .
newton 's first law of motion states that objects continue to move in a state of constant velocity unless acted upon by an external net force or resultant force .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
after the revocation of the edict of nantes , the dutch republic received the largest group of huguenot refugees , an estimated total of 75,000 to 100,000 people .
he had an older brother named dane and three sisters , milka , angelina and marica .
german liqueurs were over 25 per cent alcohol , but cassis de dijon , which rewe-zentrale ag wished to import from france , only had 15 to 20 per cent alcohol .
the programme 's first serial , an unearthly child , shows that the doctor has a granddaughter , susan foreman .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
on the other hand , in the late 1980s the western atlantic ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the black sea and sea of azov via the ballast tanks of ships , and has been blamed for causing sharp drops in fish catches by eating both fish larvae and small crustaceans that would otherwise feed the adult fish .
its existence was first proved in 1962 , and first sequenced in 1986—when two japanese research teams sequenced the chloroplast dna of liverwort and tobacco .
the standard industrial classification and the newer north american industry classification system have a classification system for companies that perform or otherwise engage in construction .
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system .
the 8- and 10-county definitions are not used for the greater southern california megaregion , one of the 11 megaregions of the united states .
in 2012-2013 , the core classes at chicago were limited to 17 students , and are generally led by a full-time professor ( as opposed to a teaching assistant ) .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
he purchased their construction tools to continue building what became fort duquesne .
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) .
government regulations have given private education more flexibility and autonomy in recent years , notably by lifting the moratorium on applications for new courses , new schools and conversions , by liberalizing tuition fee policy for private schools , by replacing values education for third and fourth years with english , mathematics and natural science at the option of the school , and by issuing the revised manual of regulations for private schools in august 1992 .
light bulbs within 100 feet of the lab glowed even when turned off .
in 2012 , the nation placed 139th out of 176 total countries in the cpi , with a score of 27/100 .
abc would reattempt such a concept in july 2004 with the launch of abc news now , a 24-hour news channel distributed for viewing on the internet and mobile phones .
in response , many companies are growing beyond traditional offerings of design or construction services alone and are placing more emphasis on establishing relationships with other necessary participants through the design-build process .
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay .
in this dioxygen , the two oxygen atoms are chemically bonded to each other .
the emperor presented the final draft of the edict of worms on 25 may 1521 , declaring luther an outlaw , banning his literature , and requiring his arrest : " we want him to be apprehended and punished as a notorious heretic . "
it is conjectured there are infinitely many primes of the form n2 + 1. these conjectures are special cases of the broad schinzel 's hypothesis h. brocard 's conjecture says that there are always at least four primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2. legendre 's conjecture states that there is a prime number between n2 and ( n + 1 ) 2 for every positive integer n. it is implied by the stronger cramér 's conjecture .
preventable diseases like malaria , hiv/aids , pneumonia , diarrhoea and malnutrition are the biggest burden , major child-killers , and responsible for much morbidity ; weak policies , corruption , inadequate health workers , weak management and poor leadership in the public health sector are largely to blame .
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession .
by january 18 , 1974 , us secretary of state henry kissinger had negotiated an israeli troop withdrawal from parts of the sinai peninsula .
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " .
the phylum has a wide range of body forms , including the flattened , deep-sea platyctenids , in which the adults of most species lack combs , and the coastal beroids , which lack tentacles and prey on other ctenophores by using huge mouths armed with groups of large , stiffened cilia that act as teeth .
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor .
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity .
known as the " great fire of 1901 " , it was one of the worst disasters in florida history and the largest urban fire in the southeastern united states .
royal assent : after the bill has been passed , the presiding officer submits it to the monarch for royal assent and it becomes an act of the scottish parliament .
many apicomplexans keep a vestigial red algal derived chloroplast called an apicoplast , which they inherited from their ancestors .
to view the encrypted content a videoguard uk equipped receiver ( all of which are dedicated to the sky service , and can not be used to decrypt other services ) needs to be used .
in 1983 , for the 40th anniversary of the network 's founding , id sequences had the logo appear in a gold cgi design on a blue background , accompanied by the slogan " that special feeling " in a script font .
by 9000 bp , europe was fully forested .
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation .
in traditional historiography of china , on the other hand , the yuan dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the song dynasty and the ming dynasty .
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating .
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) .
most ministers and their juniors are drawn from amongst the elected msps , with the exception of scotland 's chief law officers : the lord advocate and the solicitor general .
a pharmacy technician once qualified has to register as a professional on the general pharmaceutical council ( gphc ) register .
in the 1990s , rankine steam cycles generated about 90 % of all electric power used throughout the world , including virtually all solar , biomass , coal and nuclear power plants .
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes .
an example would be wbai 's broadcasting the track " filthy words " from a george carlin comedy album , which eventually led to the 1978 supreme court case of fcc v. pacifica foundation .
evaporative ( wet ) cooling towers use the rejected heat to evaporate water ; this water is kept separate from the condensate , which circulates in a closed system and returns to the boiler .
according to johnson , smeeding , and tory , consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986. the debate is summarized in " the hidden prosperity of the poor " by journalist thomas b. edsall .
the chinese-style elements of the bureaucracy mainly came from the native tang , song , as well as khitan liao and jurchen jin dynasties .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
on the other hand , higher economic inequality tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ( self-employment ) .
it is also active in the world methodist council , an interdenominational group composed of various churches in the tradition of john wesley to promote the gospel throughout the world .
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great .
southern california is a major economic center for the state of california and the united states .
luther 's thought is revolutionary to the extent that it is a theology of the cross , the negation of every affirmation : as long as the cross is at the center , the system building tendency of reason is held in check , and system building does not degenerate into system .
there is also a civil service tribunal to deal with eu staff issues , and then a separate court of auditors .
leukocytes ( white blood cells ) act like independent , single-celled organisms and are the second arm of the innate immune system .
subsequently , californios ( dissatisfied with inequitable taxes and land laws ) and pro-slavery southerners in the lightly populated " cow counties " of southern california attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve a separate statehood or territorial status separate from northern california .
in education , teachers facilitate student learning , often in a school or academy or perhaps in another environment such as outdoors .
while completing q ( roughly , filling the gaps ) with respect to the absolute value yields the field of real numbers , completing with respect to the p-adic norm |−|p yields the field of p-adic numbers .
members of the united methodist church who identify with the pro-life position have organized into the taskforce of united methodists on abortion and sexuality ( tumas ) to further their position within the denomination .
jaime weston , the league 's vice president of brand and creative , explained that a primary reason for the change was the difficulty of designing an aesthetically pleasing logo with the letter " l " using the standardized logo template introduced at super bowl xlv .
kenya ’ s armed forces , like many government institutions in the country , have been tainted by corruption allegations .
the ipcc concentrates its activities on the tasks allotted to it by the relevant wmo executive council and unep governing council resolutions and decisions as well as on actions in support of the unfccc process .
a steep and steady decline in the popularity and credibility of secular , socialist and nationalist politics ensued .
temüjin rescued her with the help of his friend and future rival , jamukha , and his protector , toghrul khan of the keraite tribe .
the university currently enrolls approximately 5,000 students in the college and around 15,000 students overall .
in february 1864 union forces left jacksonville and confronted a confederate army at the battle of olustee resulting in a confederate victory .
malcolm submitted , paid homage to william and surrendered his son duncan as a hostage , beginning a series of arguments as to whether the scottish crown owed allegiance to the king of england .
in 1354 , when toghtogha led a large army to crush the red turban rebels , toghun temür suddenly dismissed him for fear of betrayal .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
photorespiration can occur when the oxygen concentration is too high .
in 1354 , when toghtogha led a large army to crush the red turban rebels , toghun temür suddenly dismissed him for fear of betrayal .
during his time at his lab , tesla observed unusual signals from his receiver which he concluded may be communications from another planet .
mass residential blocks were erected , with basic design typical of eastern bloc countries .
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines .
for the third straight season , the number one seeds from both conferences met in the super bowl .
the chloroplast membranes sometimes protrude out into the cytoplasm , forming a stromule , or stroma-containing tubule .
the result is a reconciliation of medication and patient education resulting in increased patient health outcomes and decreased costs to the health care system .
the other major category is " interventive " conservation , this includes : cleaning and reintegration to strengthen fragile objects , reveal original surface decoration , and restore shape .
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " .
phrased as a decision problem , it is the problem of deciding whether the input has a factor less than k. no efficient integer factorization algorithm is known , and this fact forms the basis of several modern cryptographic systems , such as the rsa algorithm .
he restored the imperial secretariat and left the local administrative structure of past chinese dynasties unchanged .
all higher education institutions were immediately closed and warsaw 's entire jewish population – several hundred thousand , some 30 % of the city – herded into the warsaw ghetto .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
some scholars have asserted that luther taught that faith and reason were antithetical in the sense that questions of faith could not be illuminated by reason .
on the extended lunar missions , an orbital scientific instrument package was carried .
:208 kenneth swezey , a journalist whom tesla had befriended , confirmed that tesla rarely slept .
7 to 10 percent of american physicians practices reportedly dispense drugs on their own .
a key distinction between analysis of algorithms and computational complexity theory is that the former is devoted to analyzing the amount of resources needed by a particular algorithm to solve a problem , whereas the latter asks a more general question about all possible algorithms that could be used to solve the same problem .
while the concept of a " social market economy " was only introduced into eu law in 2007 , free movement and trade were central to european development since the treaty of rome 1957. according to the standard theory of comparative advantage , two countries can both benefit from trade even if one of them has a less productive economy in all respects .
the residential architecture of the tower district contrasts with the newer areas of tract homes urban sprawl in north and east areas of fresno .
if the water level drops , such that the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly , the lead melts and the steam escapes , warning the operators , who may then manually suppress the fire .
many of the classical molecules of the adaptive immune system ( e.g. , immunoglobulins and t cell receptors ) exist only in jawed vertebrates .
the primary law of the eu consists mainly of the founding treaties , the " core " treaties being the treaty on european union ( teu ) and the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( tfeu ) .
among the cities that line the kenyan coast is the city of malindi .
when two forces act on a point particle , the resulting force , the resultant ( also called the net force ) , can be determined by following the parallelogram rule of vector addition : the addition of two vectors represented by sides of a parallelogram , gives an equivalent resultant vector that is equal in magnitude and direction to the transversal of the parallelogram .
the umc stands in " opposition to the creation of embryos for the sake of research " as " a human embryo , even at its earliest stages , commands our reverence . "
the republic of kenya is named after mount kenya .
tesla theorized that the application of electricity to the brain enhanced intelligence .
the war was fought between the colonies of british america and new france , with both sides supported by military units from their parent countries of great britain and france , as well as native american allies .
they ended up using a dc traction motor instead .
according to goldenson , this meant that an hour of abc programming reported five times lower viewership than its competitors .
in 2012 the economist intelligence unit ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world .
several procedures enable the scottish parliament to scrutinise the government .
the victorian alps in the northeast are the coldest part of victoria .
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast .
the stationary steam engine was a key component of the industrial revolution , allowing factories to locate where water power was unavailable .
since the 1980s , lutheran church denominations have repudiated martin luther 's statements against the jews and have rejected the use of them to incite hatred against lutherans .
decnet is a suite of network protocols created by digital equipment corporation , originally released in 1975 in order to connect two pdp-11 minicomputers .
the important 13th-century glass beaker known as the luck of edenhall is also displayed in these galleries .
when the fcc imposed its fin-syn rules in 1970 , abc proactively created two companies : worldvision enterprises as a syndication distributor , and abc circle films as a production company .
article 17 ( 1 ) of the treaty on european union states the commission should " promote the general interest of the union " while article 17 ( 3 ) adds that commissioners should be " completely independent " and not " take instructions from any government " .
the official opening by queen victoria was on 22 june 1857. in the following year , late night openings were introduced , made possible by the use of gas lighting .
during the period in which the negotiations were being conducted , tesla said that efforts had been made to steal the invention .
now at a strong second place , the network entered the 1990s with additional family-friendly hits including america 's funniest home videos ( which has gone on to become the longest-running prime time entertainment program in the network 's history ) , step by step , hangin ' with mr. cooper , boy meets world and perfect strangers spinoff family matters , as well as series such as doogie howser , m.d. , life goes on , cult favorite twin peaks and the commish .
in some cases the heat source is a nuclear reactor , geothermal energy , solar energy or waste heat from an internal combustion engine or industrial process .
as part of this merger , the network would have been renamed " abc-dumont " for five years , and dumont would have received $ 5 million in cash , room on the schedule for existing dumont programming , and guaranteed advertising time for dumont laboratories receivers .
he expanded on the signals he heard in a 9 february 1901 collier 's weekly article " talking with planets " where he said it had not been immediately apparent to him that he was hearing " intelligently controlled signals " and that the signals could come from mars , venus , or other planets .
routing a packet requires the node to look up the connection id in a table .
in the most famous case rewe-zentral ag v bundesmonopol für branntwein , the court of justice found that a german law requiring all spirits and liqueurs ( not just imported ones ) to have a minimum alcohol content of 25 per cent was contrary to tfeu article 34 , because it had a greater negative effect on imports .
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements .
a growing cause of concern are that attacks on teachers in welsh schools which reached an all-time high between 2005 and 2010 .
luther insisted on the real presence of the body and blood of christ in the consecrated bread and wine , which he called the sacramental union , while his opponents believed god to be only spiritually or symbolically present .
threatening government officials is another classic way of expressing defiance toward the government and unwillingness to stand for its policies .
kuchlug , the deposed khan of the naiman confederation that temüjin defeated and folded into his mongol empire , fled west and usurped the khanate of qara khitai ( also known as the western liao , as it was originally established as remnants of the liao dynasty ) .
normandy was the site of several important developments in the history of classical music in the 11th century .
oxfam 's claims have however been questioned on the basis of the methodology used : by using net wealth ( adding up assets and subtracting debts ) , the oxfam report , for instance , finds that there are more poor people in the united states and western europe than in china ( due to a greater tendency to take on debts ) .
during the divestment from south africa movement in the late 1980s , student activists erected a symbolic " shantytown " on harvard yard and blockaded a speech given by south african vice consul duke kent-brown .
this is because , for orthogonal components , the components of the vector sum are uniquely determined by the scalar addition of the components of the individual vectors .
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza .
for luther , also christ 's life , when understood as an example , is nothing more than an illustration of the ten commandments , which a christian should follow in his or her vocations on a daily basis .
these services involve the laying on of hands and anointing with oil .
the european commission is the main executive body of the european union .
near the end of the battle the shah fled rather than surrender .
the aare more than doubles the rhine 's water discharge , to an average of nearly 1,000 m3/s ( 35,000 cu ft/s ) , and provides more than a fifth of the discharge at the dutch border .
most however have a reversing mechanism which additionally can provide means for saving steam as speed and momentum are gained by gradually " shortening the cutoff " or rather , shortening the admission event ; this in turn proportionately lengthens the expansion period .
on 13 june 1525 , the couple was engaged with johannes bugenhagen , justus jonas , johannes apel , philipp melanchthon and lucas cranach the elder and his wife as witnesses .
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963. the programme depicts the adventures of the doctor , a time lord—a space and time-travelling humanoid alien .
with the 2011 cancellation of supernanny , extreme makeover : home edition became the only remaining program on the network 's schedule that was broadcast in 4:3 standard definition .
tesla made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-world war i environment in a printed article , " science and discovery are the great forces which will lead to the consummation of the war " ( 20 december 1914 ) .
downtown san diego is the central business district of san diego , though the city is filled with business districts .
in response to demands for a german liturgy , luther wrote a german mass , which he published in early 1526. he did not intend it as a replacement for his 1523 adaptation of the latin mass but as an alternative for the " simple people " , a " public stimulation for people to believe and become christians . "
the rotational inertia of planet earth is what fixes the constancy of the length of a day and the length of a year .
chloroplastidan chloroplasts have lost the peptidoglycan wall between their double membrane , and have replaced it with an intermembrane space .
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) .
cbs analyst and retired referee mike carey stated he disagreed with the call and felt the review clearly showed the pass was complete .
from each balancer in the statocyst a ciliary groove runs out under the dome and then splits to connect with two adjacent comb rows , and in some species runs all the way along the comb rows .
during the yuan period , beijing became the terminus of the grand canal of china , which was completely renovated .
treaties apply as soon as they enter into force , unless stated otherwise , and are generally concluded for an unlimited period .
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion .
british imperialism often used the concept of terra nullius ( latin expression which stems from roman law meaning 'empty land ' ) .
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in .
faith groups can make direct representations to the presiding officer to nominate speakers .
the presiding officer and deputies are elected by a secret ballot of the 129 msps , which is the only secret ballot conducted in the scottish parliament .
newcastle mela , held on the late august bank holiday weekend , is an annual two-day multicultural event , blending drama , music and food from punjabi , pakistani , bengali and hindu cultures .
these sequences of photographs taken a fraction of a second apart capture images of different animals and humans performimg various actions .
teaching in canada requires a post-secondary degree bachelor 's degree .
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism .
however , there are several rather significant developments with regards to curbing corruption from the kenyan government , for instance , the establishment of a new and independent ethics and anti-corruption commission ( eacc ) .
:247 he was also critical of einstein 's theory of relativity , saying :
warsaw university of technology is the second academic school of technology in the country , and one of the largest in east-central europe , employing 2,000 professors .
many important complexity classes can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm .
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes .
annual rainfall has ranged from 23.57 inches ( 598.7 mm ) in the “ rain year ” from july 1982 to june 1983 down to 4.43 inches ( 112.5 mm ) from july 1933 to june 1934. the most rainfall in one month was 9.54 inches ( 242.3 mm ) in november 1885 and the most rainfall in 24 hours 3.55 inches ( 90.2 mm ) on november 18 , 1885. measurable precipitation falls on an average of 48 days annually .
underbids happen when builders ask for too little money to complete the project .
all matters that are not specifically reserved are automatically devolved to the scottish parliament .
in southern california there are also twelve cities with more than 200,000 residents and 34 cities over 100,000 in population .
they viewed the economic value of the caribbean islands ' sugar cane to be greater and easier to defend than the furs from the continent .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
initially built with three layers , it later ( 1982 ) evolved into a seven-layer osi-compliant networking protocol .
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army .
shi tianze was a han chinese who lived in the jin dynasty .
the social charter declares 30 general principles , including on fair remuneration of employment , health and safety at work , rights of disabled and elderly , the rights of workers , on vocational training and improvements of living conditions .
specifically , its shorelines lie in the german states of bavaria and baden-württemberg , the austrian state of vorarlberg , and the swiss cantons of thurgau and st. gallen .
from 1525 to 1529 , he established a supervisory church body , laid down a new form of worship service , and wrote a clear summary of the new faith in the form of two catechisms .
the block of west end avenue housing the abc news building was renamed peter jennings way in 2006 in honor of the recently deceased longtime abc news chief anchor and anchor of world news tonight .
sometimes the prosecution proposes a plea bargain to civil disobedients , as in the case of the camden 28 , in which the defendants were offered an opportunity to plead guilty to one misdemeanor count and receive no jail time .
oxygen presents two spectrophotometric absorption bands peaking at the wavelengths 687 and 760 nm .
some civil disobedients , such as the proprietors of illegal medical cannabis dispensaries and voice in the wilderness , which brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the u.s. government , directly achieve a desired social goal ( such as the provision of medication to the sick ) while openly breaking the law .
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries .
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship .
upper and lower bounds are usually stated using the big o notation , which hides constant factors and smaller terms .
with the formation of the united methodist church in 1968 , theologian albert c. outler led the team which systematized denominational doctrine .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
for example , trial division is a deterministic algorithm because , if performed correctly , it will always identify a prime number as prime and a composite number as composite .
in all , 97 of 253 episodes produced during the first six years of the programme are not held in the bbc 's archives ( most notably seasons 3 , 4 , & 5 , from which 79 episodes are missing ) .
advances were realized in the fields of travel literature , cartography , geography , and scientific education .
at the begin of the holocene ( ~11,700 years ago ) , the rhine occupied its late-glacial valley .
the gonads are located in the parts of the internal canal network under the comb rows , and eggs and sperm are released via pores in the epidermis .
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) .
phycobilins are a third group of pigments found in cyanobacteria , and glaucophyte , red algal , and cryptophyte chloroplasts .
it became clear that managing the apollo program would exceed the capabilities of robert r. gilruth 's space task group , which had been directing the nation 's manned space program from nasa 's langley research center .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
stephen kemble of the famous kemble family successfully managed the original theatre royal , newcastle for fifteen years ( 1791–1806 ) .
the report was criticized , however , for attaching too much weight to readings at arbitrarily selected locations , which in newcastle 's case included a motorway underpass without pedestrian access .
despite that the warsaw university of technology building ( 1899–1902 ) is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture .
in 1521 luther dealt largely with prophecy , in which he broadened the foundations of the reformation placing them on prophetic faith .
while linked to low photosynthesis rates , the starch grains themselves may not necessarily interfere significantly with the efficiency of photosynthesis , and might simply be a side effect of another photosynthesis-depressing factor .
the master is the doctor 's archenemy , a renegade time lord who desires to rule the universe .
kuznets ' curve predicts that income inequality will eventually decrease given time .
when a part of a plant becomes infected , the plant produces a localized hypersensitive response , whereby cells at the site of infection undergo rapid apoptosis to prevent the spread of the disease to other parts of the plant .
tesla spent over $ 2,000 , including building a device that comfortably supported her so her bones could heal , to fix her broken wing and leg .
the formal language associated with this decision problem is then the set of all connected graphs—of course , to obtain a precise definition of this language , one has to decide how graphs are encoded as binary strings .
what is more , the primes are distributed equally among those rows in the long run—the density of all primes congruent a modulo 9 is 1/6 .
conversely , education raises incomes and promotes growth because it helps to unleash the productive potential of the poor .
under the standing orders of the parliament the bureau consists of the presiding officer and one representative from each political parties with five or more seats in the parliament .
policies aiming at controlling unemployment and in particular at reducing its inequality-associated effects support economic growth .
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable .
the complexity class np , on the other hand , contains many problems that people would like to solve efficiently , but for which no efficient algorithm is known , such as the boolean satisfiability problem , the hamiltonian path problem and the vertex cover problem .
when b cells and t cells are activated and begin to replicate , some of their offspring become long-lived memory cells .
prokaryotes also possess acquired immunity , through a system that uses crispr sequences to retain fragments of the genomes of phage that they have come into contact with in the past , which allows them to block virus replication through a form of rna interference .
other important complexity classes include bpp , zpp and rp , which are defined using probabilistic turing machines ; ac and nc , which are defined using boolean circuits ; and bqp and qma , which are defined using quantum turing machines .
at the end of this speech , luther raised his arm " in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout . "
consultant pharmacists most typically work in nursing homes , but are increasingly branching into other institutions and non-institutional settings .
because of this , ethelred fled to normandy in 1013 , when he was forced from his kingdom by sweyn forkbeard .
a small group of huguenots also settled on the south shore of staten island along the new york harbor , for which the current neighborhood of huguenot was named .
he fled from gallifrey in a stolen mark i type 40 tardis – " time and relative dimension in space " – time machine which allows him to travel across time and space .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union .
as the andes mountains rose , however , a large basin was created that enclosed a lake ; now known as the solimões basin .
the uk subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the agreement on social policy , the 1994 works council directive , which required workforce consultation in businesses , and the 1996 parental leave directive .
apollo was grounded again , for the remainder of 1970 while the oxygen tank was redesigned and an extra one was added .
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression .
seawater molecules that contain the lighter isotope , oxygen-16 , evaporate at a slightly faster rate than water molecules containing the 12 % heavier oxygen-18 ; this disparity increases at lower temperatures .
this also led luther to reject the idea of torments for the saints : " it is enough for us to know that souls do not leave their bodies to be threatened by the torments and punishments of hell , but enter a prepared bedchamber in which they sleep in peace . "
on the very northern edge of the site is situated the secretariat wing , also built in 1862 this houses the offices and board room etc .
at a khuruldai , a council of mongol chiefs , temüjin was acknowledged as " khan " of the consolidated tribes and took the new title " genghis khan " .
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen .
david rodda noted that from 1984 and 1991 , the number of quality rental units decreased as the demand for higher quality housing increased ( rhoda 1994:148 ) .
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay .
confucian governmental practices and examinations based on the classics , which had fallen into disuse in north china during the period of disunity , were reinstated by the yuan court , probably in the hope of maintaining order over han society .
this biogeochemical cycle describes the movement of oxygen within and between its three main reservoirs on earth : the atmosphere , the biosphere , and the lithosphere .
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 142 pounds ( 64 kg ) , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926.:292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities .
wealth concentration is a theoretical [ according to whom ? ]
another factor in the early 1990s that worked to radicalize the islamist movement was the gulf war , which brought several hundred thousand us and allied non-muslim military personnel to saudi arabian soil to put an end to saddam hussein 's occupation of kuwait .
major bequests include reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of 154 gems bequeathed in 1869 , lady cory 's 1951 gift of major diamond jewellery from the 18th and 19th centuries , and jewellery scholar dame joan evans ' 1977 gift of more than 800 jewels dating from the middle ages to the early 19th century .
the label huguenot was purportedly first applied in france to those conspirators ( all of them aristocratic members of the reformed church ) involved in the amboise plot of 1560 : a foiled attempt to wrest power in france from the influential house of guise .
in early 2009 , disney–abc television group merged abc entertainment and abc studios into a new division , abc entertainment group , which would be responsible for both its production and broadcasting operations .
the uk refused to sign the social charter and was exempt from the legislation covering social charter issues unless it agreed to be bound by the legislation .
virgin media ( re-branded in 2007 from ntl : telewest ) started to offer a high-definition television ( hdtv ) capable set top box , although from 30 november 2006 until 30 july 2009 it only carried one linear hd channel , bbc hd , after the conclusion of the itv hd trial .
in particular , although dtime ( n ) is contained in dtime ( n2 ) , it would be interesting to know if the inclusion is strict .
within a short time , the imperial parliament granted victoria responsible government with the passage of the colony of victoria act 1855. some of the leaders of the eureka rebellion went on to become members of the victorian parliament .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists .
the shah had all the men shaved and the muslim beheaded and sent his head back with the two remaining ambassadors .
to accept jail penitently as an accession to 'the rules ' is to switch suddenly to a spirit of subservience , to demean the seriousness of the protest ... in particular , the neo-conservative insistence on a guilty plea should be eliminated . "
his essay on confession , whether the pope has the power to require it rejected compulsory confession and encouraged private confession and absolution , since " every christian is a confessor . "
[ citation needed ] teachers in state schools must have at least a bachelor 's degree , complete an approved teacher education program , and be licensed .
before the apollo program began , wernher von braun and his team of rocket engineers had started work on plans for very large launch vehicles , the saturn series , and the even larger nova series .
in world war ii , it was recognised that the rhine would present a formidable natural obstacle to the invasion of germany , by the western allies .
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages .
it is approximately 220 miles ( 350 km ) northwest of los angeles , 170 miles ( 270 km ) south of the state capital , sacramento , or 185 miles ( 300 km ) south of san francisco .
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) .
the historic heart of newcastle is the grainger town area .
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block .
at 25 °c and 1 standard atmosphere ( 101.3 kpa ) of air , freshwater contains about 6.04 milliliters ( ml ) of oxygen per liter , whereas seawater contains about 4.95 ml per liter .
one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions shows that the amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of severely reduced rainfall and increased temperatures , leading to an almost complete loss of rainforest cover in the basin by 2100. however , simulations of amazon basin climate change across many different models are not consistent in their estimation of any rainfall response , ranging from weak increases to strong decreases .
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes .
process by which , under certain conditions , newly created wealth concentrates in the possession of already-wealthy individuals or entities .
royal assent : after the bill has been passed , the presiding officer submits it to the monarch for royal assent and it becomes an act of the scottish parliament .
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " .
the galician–volhynian chronicle alleges he was killed by the western xia in battle , while marco polo wrote that he died after the infection of an arrow wound he received during his final campaign .
innate cells are also important mediators in the activation of the adaptive immune system .
running back c. j. anderson was the team 's leading rusher 863 yards and seven touchdowns , while also catching 25 passes for 183 yards .
subsequently , californios ( dissatisfied with inequitable taxes and land laws ) and pro-slavery southerners in the lightly populated " cow counties " of southern california attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve a separate statehood or territorial status separate from northern california .
this stage comprises two parts : consideration of amendments to the bill as a general debate , and a final vote on the bill .
newcastle 's gay scene - 'the pink triangle ' - is centred on the times square area near the centre for life and has a range of bars , cafés and clubs .
some broadcasts are free-to-air and unencrypted , some are encrypted but do not require a monthly subscription ( known as free-to-view ) , some are encrypted and require a monthly subscription , and some are pay-per-view services .
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne .
symptoms are high fevers and purple skin patches ( purpura due to disseminated intravascular coagulation ) .
abc became an aggressive competitor to nbc and cbs when , continuing nbc blue 's traditions of public service , it aired symphony performances conducted by paul whiteman , performances from the metropolitan opera , and jazz concerts aired as part of its broadcast of the chamber music society of lower basin street announced by milton cross .
in some groups , such as the flat , bottom-dwelling platyctenids , the juveniles behave more like true larvae , as they live among the plankton and thus occupy a different ecological niche from their parents and attain the adult form by a more radical metamorphosis , after dropping to the sea-floor .
like the lombardi trophy , the " 50 " will be designed by tiffany & co .
the museum of independence preserves patriotic and political objects connected with poland 's struggles for independence .
based on tesla 's advice and westinghouse 's demonstration that they could build a complete ac system at the columbian exposition , a contract for building a two-phase ac generating system at the niagara falls was awarded to westinghouse electric .
the views of ali shariati , ideologue of the iranian revolution , had resemblance with mohammad iqbal , ideological father of the state of pakistan , but khomeini 's beliefs is perceived to be placed somewhere between beliefs of sunni islamic thinkers like mawdudi and qutb .
one of the most important cities in this region is duisburg with the largest river port in europe ( duisport ) .
it was not until robert koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a nobel prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease .
recent scholars consider the evidence for these words to be unreliable , since they were inserted before " may god help me " only in later versions of the speech and not recorded in witness accounts of the proceedings .
in 1855 the german architect gottfried semper , at the request of cole , produced a design for the museum , but it was rejected by the board of trade as too expensive .
the city developed around the roman settlement pons aelius and was named after the castle built in 1080 by robert curthose , william the conqueror 's eldest son .
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school .
it is a highly reactive substance and must be segregated from combustible materials .
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
however , malnutrition is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries .
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum .
the centre currently realizes about 500 projects a year .
in 1977 , roone arledge was named president of the new abc news in addition to being president of abc sports .
second , the violent actions of rebelling , robbing , and plundering placed the peasants " outside the law of god and empire " , so they deserved " death in body and soul , if only as highwaymen and murderers . "
in early 2009 , disney–abc television group merged abc entertainment and abc studios into a new division , abc entertainment group , which would be responsible for both its production and broadcasting operations .
among them , the original fresno county courthouse ( demolished ) , the fresno carnegie public library ( demolished ) , the fresno water tower , the bank of italy building , the pacific southwest building , the san joaquin light & power building ( currently known as the grand 1401 ) , and the hughes hotel ( burned down ) , to name a few .
approximately one million protestants in modern france represent some 2 % of its population .
in 1934 , mutual filed a complaint with the federal communications commission ( fcc ) regarding its difficulties in establishing new stations , in a radio market that was already being saturated by nbc and cbs .
philo incorrectly surmised that parts of the air in the vessel were converted into the classical element fire and thus were able to escape through pores in the glass .
tesla 's mother , đuka tesla ( née mandić ) , whose father was also an orthodox priest , :10 had a talent for making home craft tools , mechanical appliances , and the ability to memorize serbian epic poems .
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards .
the nestorian physician jesus the interpreter founded the office of western medicine in 1263 during the reign of kublai .
the university was a founding member of the big ten conference and participated in the ncaa division i men 's basketball and football and was a regular participant in the men 's basketball tournament .
the largest of these is the eldon square shopping centre , one of the largest city centre shopping complexes in the uk .
their current captain is rakep patel .
examples include the huguenot district and french church street in cork city ; and d'olier street in dublin , named after a high sheriff and one of the founders of the bank of ireland .
philip ii of spain ordered pedro menéndez de avilés to protect the interest of spain by attacking the french presence at fort caroline .
replicas of two earlier davids by donatello 's david and verrocchio 's david , are also included , although for conservation reasons the verrocchio replica is displayed in a glass case .
when the interstate highway system was created in the 1950s , the decision was made to build what is now interstate 5 on the west side of the central valley , and thus bypass many of the population centers in the region , instead of upgrading what is now state route 99. due to rapidly raising population and traffic in cities along sr 99 , as well as the desirability of federal funding , much discussion has been made to upgrade it to interstate standards and eventually incorporate it into the interstate system , most likely as interstate 9. major improvements to signage , lane width , median separation , vertical clearance , and other concerns are currently underway .
his most concrete effort to patronize chinese learning was founding the academy of the pavilion of the star of literature ( chinese : 奎章閣學士院 ) , first established in the spring of 1329 and designed to undertake " a number of tasks relating to the transmission of confucian high culture to the mongolian imperial establishment " .
chagaan ( tsagaan ) and zhang rou jointly launched an attack on the song dynasty ordered by töregene khatun .
in the shallow crust , where brittle deformation can occur , thrust faults form , which cause deeper rock to move on top of shallower rock .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
the neighborhood is traditionally considered to be the center of fresno 's african-american community .
since 7500 yr ago , a situation with tides and currents , very similar to present has existed .
a second period of international expansion is linked to that of the espn network in the 1990s , and policies enacted in the 2000s by disney media networks ( which included the expansion of several of the company 's u.s.-based cable networks including disney channel and its spinoffs toon disney , playhouse disney and jetix ; although disney also sold its 33 % stake in european sports channel eurosport for $ 155 million in june 2000 ) .
most are concentrated in alsace in northeast france and the cévennes mountain region in the south , who still regard themselves as huguenots to this day .
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves .
kublai secured the northeast border in 1259 by installing the hostage prince wonjong as the ruler of korea , making it a mongol tributary state .
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river .
hayri abaza argues the failure to distinguish between islam and islamism leads many in the west to support illiberal islamic regimes , to the detriment of progressive moderates who seek to separate religion from politics .
among those were evidence of roads , bridges and large plazas .
viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901 , with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by walter reed .
under the norman abbot robert de grantmesnil , several monks of saint-evroul fled to southern italy , where they were patronised by robert guiscard and established a latin monastery at sant'eufemia .
all four schools were based on the same intellectual foundation , but advocated different theoretical approaches toward medicine .
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health .
all schools in south africa ( including both independent schools and public schools ) have the right to set compulsory school fees , and formerly model c schools tend to set much higher school fees than other public schools .
a particularly simple example of a probabilistic test is the fermat primality test , which relies on the fact ( fermat 's little theorem ) that np≡n ( mod p ) for any n if p is a prime number .
throughout the 1980s and 1990s , demand for a scottish parliament grew , in part because the government of the united kingdom was controlled by the conservative party , while scotland itself elected relatively few conservative mps .
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense .
each digit will weigh 33 lb ( 15 kg ) for a total of 66 lb ( 30 kg ) .
while nearly three-quarters eventually were killed or submitted , roughly 500,000 huguenots had fled france by the early 18th century [ citation needed ] .
the second main legislative body is the council , which is composed of different ministers of the member states .
in germany , teachers are mainly civil servants recruited in special university classes , called lehramtstudien ( teaching education studies ) .
the far eastern collections include more than 70,000 works of art from the countries of east asia : china , japan and korea .
following the death of braddock , william shirley assumed command of british forces in north america .
contrasting from britain , france sent small numbers of settlers to its colonies , with the only notable exception of algeria , where french settlers nevertheless always remained a small minority .
the ruhr , which joins the rhine in duisburg , is nowadays a clean river , thanks to a combination of stricter environmental controls , a transition from heavy industry to light industry and cleanup measures , such as the reforestation of slag and brownfields .
on april 29 , 1961 , abc debuted wide world of sports , an anthology series created by edgar scherick through his company sports programs , inc. and produced by a young roone arledge which featured a different sporting event each broadcast .
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma .
she gives a stirring speech in which she tells him that she must obey her conscience rather than human law .
the announcement came a day after setanta sports confirmed that it would launch in march as a subscription service on the digital terrestrial platform , and on the same day that ntl 's services re-branded as virgin media .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
due to the coming together of painting , poetry , and calligraphy at this time many of the artists practicing these different pursuits were the same individuals , though perhaps more famed for one area of their achievements than others .
in van gend en loos v nederlandse administratie der belastingen it was held that the provisions of the treaties ( and eu regulations ) are directly effective , if they are ( 1 ) clear and unambiguous ( 2 ) unconditional , and ( 3 ) did not require eu or national authorities to take further action to implement them .
bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts are in dvb-compliant mpeg-2 , with the sky movies and sky box office channels including optional dolby digital soundtracks for recent films , although these are only accessible with a sky+ box .
this internal form of empire has been referred to as " internal colonialism " .
public school teachers are required to have a bachelor 's degree and the majority must be certified by the state in which they teach .
the city leaders opened the gates to the mongols , though a unit of turkish defenders held the city 's citadel for another twelve days .
teachers are also at high risk for occupational burnout .
it was first established in 1988 by two united nations organizations , the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) and the united nations environment programme ( unep ) , and later endorsed by the united nations general assembly through resolution 43/53 .
he knew little about the technical details of the space program , and was put off by the massive financial commitment required by a manned moon landing .
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) .
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " .
this is because , with informal rule , the control is spread more subtly through technological superiority , enforcing land officials into large debts that can not be repaid , ownership of private industries thus expanding the controlled area , or having countries agree to uneven trade agreements forcefully .
the ideal thermodynamic cycle used to analyze this process is called the rankine cycle .
with 4:51 left in regulation , carolina got the ball on their own 24-yard line with a chance to mount a game-winning drive , and soon faced 3rd-and-9 .
the collection of middle eastern and persian rugs and carpets is amongst the finest in the world , many were part of the salting bequest of 1909. examples of tile work from various buildings including a fireplace dated 1731 from istanbul made of intricately decorated blue and white tiles and turquoise tiles from the exterior of buildings from samarkand are also displayed .
the two aaa auto clubs of the state , the california state automobile association and the automobile club of southern california , choose to simplify matters by dividing the state along the lines where their jurisdictions for membership apply , as either northern or southern california , in contrast to the three-region point of view .
september 1994 saw the debut of nypd blue , a gritty police procedural from steven bochco ( who created doogie howser , m.d .
after each team punted , panthers quarterback cam newton appeared to complete a 24-yard pass jerricho cotchery , but the call was ruled an incompletion and upheld after a replay challenge .
under the norman abbot robert de grantmesnil , several monks of saint-evroul fled to southern italy , where they were patronised by robert guiscard and established a latin monastery at sant'eufemia .
fresno became an incorporated city in 1885. by 1931 the fresno traction company operated 47 streetcars over 49 miles of track .
as a result of the american revolution , john wesley was compelled in 1784 to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters , thomas vasey and richard whatcoat .
the logo also deviates from the template by featuring large numerals , colored in gold , behind the vince lombardi trophy , instead of underneath and in silver as in the standard logo .
the score marked the first time in the entire postseason that carolina was facing a deficit .
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty .
outraged , genghis khan planned one of his largest invasion campaigns by organizing together around 100,000 soldiers ( 10 tumens ) , his most capable generals and some of his sons .
from the mid-2000s , the university began a number of multimillion-dollar expansion projects .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
a public library is seen as a peoples university since it is open to all irrespective of age , literacy level and has materials relevant to people of all walks of life .
on 28 february 2008 , kibaki and odinga signed an agreement on the formation of a coalition government in which odinga would become kenya 's second prime minister .
he completed the 1752 treaty of logstown in which the local indians , through their " half-king " tanacharison and an iroquois representative , agreed to terms that included permission to build a " strong house " at the mouth of the monongahela river ( the site of present-day pittsburgh , pennsylvania ) .
these chloroplasts are bounded by up to five membranes , ( depending on whether you count the entire diatom endosymbiont as the chloroplast , or just the red algal derived chloroplast inside it ) .
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus .
there are a minimum of 278 patents issued to tesla in 26 countries that have been accounted for .
out of these , three are heavy populated areas : the los angeles area with over 12 million inhabitants , the riverside-san bernardino area with over four million inhabitants , and the san diego area with over 3 million inhabitants .
as part of the agreements , both bskyb and virgin media agreed to terminate all high court proceedings against each other relating to the carriage of their respective basic channels .
the party argued that the revenues from the oil were not benefitting scotland as much as they should .
in 2005 , parts of the amazon basin experienced the worst drought in one hundred years , and there were indications that 2006 could have been a second successive year of drought .
a further type of committee is normally set up to scrutinise private bills submitted to the scottish parliament by an outside party or promoter who is not a member of the scottish parliament or scottish government .
the united methodist church also believes that jesus explicitly repudiated the lex talionis in matthew 5:38-39 and abolished the death penalty in john 8:7. the general conference of the united methodist church calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment and for governments to enact an immediate moratorium on carrying out the death penalty sentence .
however , x.25 and well as frame relay have been supplanted by the internet protocol ( ip ) at the network layer , and the asynchronous transfer mode ( atm ) and or versions of multi-protocol label switching ( mpls ) at layer two .
some construction workers in the us/canada have made more than $ 100,000 annually , depending on their trade .
however he can not do so until a 4-week period has elapsed , during which the law officers of the scottish government or uk government can refer the bill to the supreme court of the united kingdom for a ruling on whether it is within the powers of the parliament .
the competition resulted in edison machine works pursuing ac development in 1890 and by 1892 thomas edison was no longer in control of his own company , which was consolidated into the conglomerate general electric and converting to an ac delivery system at that point .
the best-known legend , by artur oppman , is that long ago two of triton 's daughters set out on a journey through the depths of the oceans and seas .
at the end of world war i , the rhineland was subject to the treaty of versailles .
throughout its existence , warsaw has been a multi-cultural city .
exposure to a o 2 partial pressures greater than 160 kpa ( about 1.6 atm ) may lead to convulsions ( normally fatal for divers ) .
in 1992 , the democratic republic of afghanistan ruled by communist forces collapsed , and democratic islamist elements of mujahdeen founded the islamic state of afghanistan .
the allies left the rhineland , in 1930 and the german army re-occupied it in 1936 , which was enormously popular in germany .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
the council meets twice a year at various locations throughout the world .
several microplates were caught in the squeeze and rotated or were pushed laterally , generating the individual features of mediterranean geography : iberia pushed up the pyrenees ; italy , the alps , and anatolia , moving west , the mountains of greece and the islands .
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season .
22,000–14,000 yr bp , when ice-sheets covered scandinavia , the baltics , scotland and the alps , but left the space between as open tundra .
luther 's small catechism proved especially effective in helping parents teach their children ; likewise the larger catechism was effective for pastors .
for example , in van binsbergen v bestuur van de bedrijfvereniging voor de metaalnijverheid a dutch lawyer moved to belgium while advising a client in a social security case , and was told he could not continue because dutch law said only people established in the netherlands could give legal advice .
some of the best examples of the neoclassical style are the palace on the water ( rebuilt 1775–1795 ) , królikarnia ( 1782–1786 ) , carmelite church ( façade 1761–1783 ) and evangelical holy trinity church ( 1777–1782 ) .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
internet pharmacies ( also known as online pharmacies ) are also recommended to some patients by their physicians if they are homebound .
within the last 5–10 million years , this accumulating water broke through the purus arch , joining the easterly flow toward the atlantic .
when the fcc imposed its fin-syn rules in 1970 , abc proactively created two companies : worldvision enterprises as a syndication distributor , and abc circle films as a production company .
the loc included launch complex 39 , a launch control center , and a 130 million cubic foot ( 3.7 million cubic meter ) vertical assembly building ( vab ) in which the space vehicle ( launch vehicle and spacecraft ) would be assembled on a mobile launcher platform and then moved by a transporter to one of several launch pads .
instead of valves , the entire cylinder rocks , or oscillates , such that one or more holes in the cylinder line up with holes in a fixed port face or in the pivot mounting ( trunnion ) .
in regard to companies , the court of justice held in r ( daily mail and general trust plc ) v hm treasury that member states could restrict a company moving its seat of business , without infringing tfeu article 49. this meant the daily mail newspaper 's parent company could not evade tax by shifting its residence to the netherlands without first settling its tax bills in the uk .
luther rarely encountered jews during his life , but his attitudes reflected a theological and cultural tradition which saw jews as a rejected people guilty of the murder of christ , and he lived within a local community that had expelled jews some ninety years earlier .
the majority may be powerful but it is not necessarily right .
after the german invasion of poland on 1 september 1939 began the second world war , warsaw was defended till september 27. central poland , including warsaw , came under the rule of the general government , a german nazi colonial administration .
convening the parliamentary bureau , which allocates time and sets the work agenda in the chamber , is another of the roles of the presiding officer .
nintendo and the pokémon company also made their super bowl debut , promoting the 20th anniversary of the pokémon video game and media franchise .
by 1948 most of the collections had been returned to the museum .
starch storing amyloplasts can also be converted to chromoplasts , and it is possible for proplastids to develop straight into chromoplasts .
it is expected that the continuous input of sediment into the lake will silt up the lake .
a bridge was built across the tyne , between newcastle and gateshead , and opened by queen elizabeth ii in 1981. the network is operated by db regio on behalf of nexus and carries over 37 million passengers a year , extending as far as newcastle airport , tynemouth , south shields and south hylton in sunderland .
that year , roone arledge was named president of abc sports ; the company also founded abc pictures , a film production company which released its first picture that year , the ralph nelson-directed charly .
after jazdów was raided by nearby clans and dukes , a new similar settlement was established on the site of a small fishing village called warszowa .
the mhc : antigen complex is also recognized by the helper cell 's cd4 co-receptor , which recruits molecules inside the t cell ( e.g. , lck ) that are responsible for the t cell 's activation .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
with isotopic dates it became possible to assign absolute ages to rock units , and these absolute dates could be applied to fossil sequences in which there was datable material , converting the old relative ages into new absolute ages .
however , kublai rejected plans to revive the confucian imperial examinations and divided yuan society into three , later four , classes with the han chinese occupying the lowest rank .
they purchased from john pell , lord of pelham manor , a tract of land consisting of six thousand one hundred acres with the help of jacob leisler .
in 1967 , manuel blum developed an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms and proved an important result , the so-called , speed-up theorem .
many famous potters , such as josiah wedgwood , william de morgan and bernard leach as well as mintons & royal doulton are represented in the collection .
luther insisted on the real presence of the body and blood of christ in the consecrated bread and wine , which he called the sacramental union , while his opponents believed god to be only spiritually or symbolically present .
however , the cryptophyte is not an endosymbiont—only the chloroplast seems to have been taken , and the chloroplast has been stripped of its nucleomorph and outermost two membranes , leaving just a two-membraned chloroplast .
these mechanisms include phagocytosis , antimicrobial peptides called defensins , and the complement system .
the ashes are displayed in a gold-plated sphere on a marble pedestal in the nikola tesla museum .
following the utilitarian principle of seeking the greatest good for the greatest number – economic inequality is problematic .
since ~3000 yr bp ( = years before present ) , human impact is seen in the delta .
for example , in knot theory , a prime knot is a knot that is indecomposable in the sense that it can not be written as the knot sum of two nontrivial knots .
a progressive tax is a tax by which the tax rate increases as the taxable base amount increases .
the results of his unaided labours were submitted to the american philosophical society in a memoir entitled observations on the geology of the united states explanatory of a geological map , and published in the society 's transactions , together with the nation 's first geological map .
these include various types of integer programming problems in operations research , many problems in logistics , protein structure prediction in biology , and the ability to find formal proofs of pure mathematics theorems .
this difference was particularly apparent in textual and visual works of early european studies of the orient that positioned the east as irrational and backward in opposition to the rational and progressive west .
" regarding the plan to collect my writings in volumes , " he wrote , " i am quite cool and not at all eager about it because , roused by a saturnian hunger , i would rather see them all devoured .
where chp is not used , steam turbines in power stations use surface condensers as a cold sink .
in the 1890s , the university of chicago , fearful that its vast resources would injure smaller schools by drawing away good students , affiliated with several regional colleges and universities : des moines college , kalamazoo college , butler university , and stetson university .
janet gray and other supporters of the hypothesis suggest that the name huguenote would be roughly equivalent to little hugos , or those who want hugo .
newcastle university has its origins in the school of medicine and surgery , established in 1834 and became independent from durham university on 1 august 1963 to form the university of newcastle upon tyne .
it took french troops years to hunt down and destroy all the bands of camisards , between 1702 and 1709 .
this constant has come to be known as newton 's universal gravitation constant , though its value was unknown in newton 's lifetime .
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks .
upon arrival , tesla realized that the company , then under construction , was not functional , so he worked as a draftsman in the central telegraph office instead .
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game .
a deterministic turing machine is the most basic turing machine , which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions .
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states .
water in equilibrium with air contains approximately 1 molecule of dissolved o 2 for every 2 molecules of n 2 , compared to an atmospheric ratio of approximately 1:4. the solubility of oxygen in water is temperature-dependent , and about twice as much ( 14.6 mg·l−1 ) dissolves at 0 °c than at 20 °c ( 7.6 mg·l−1 ) .
the answer , from bryan davies was that the museum intended to preserve and care for the collection and keep it available to the public , with items being redistributed to the british galleries , the medieval & renaissance galleries , and the planned new galleries for furniture and europe 1600–1800 , and that the horniman museum and other institutions were possible candidates for loans of material to ensure that the instruments remained publicly viewable .
this debate has proved difficult to resolve because the practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean that data sampling is biased away from the center of the amazon basin , and both explanations are reasonably well supported by the available data .
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states .
a new development in the ouseburn valley has recreated them ; architects cany ash and robert sakula were attracted by the possibilities of high density without building high and getting rid of common areas .
decisions in-between the four-year meetings are made by the mission council ( usually consisting of church bishops ) .
while in most cases importation of prescription medications violates food and drug administration ( fda ) regulations and federal laws , enforcement is generally targeted at international drug suppliers , rather than consumers .
there has been a resurgence in popular interest in tesla since the 1990s .
a further 6,000 square kilometres ( 2,300 sq mi ) is sown for hay .
they must report and reapply annually ; and they must complete at least one advanced course every three years .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
starting in 1934 , the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company began paying tesla $ 125 per month as well as paying his rent at the hotel new yorker , expenses the company would pay for the rest of tesla 's life .
the normans left their legacy in many castles , such as william iron arm 's citadel at squillace , and cathedrals , such as roger ii 's cappella palatina chapel at palermo , which dot the landscape and give a wholly distinct architectural flavor to accompany its unique history .
other recommendations included that the panel employ a full-time staff and remove government oversight from its processes to avoid political interference .
in the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 % interest in cable sports channel espn , the network 's parent merged with capital cities communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations .
the biennial av festival of international electronic art , featuring exhibitions , concerts , conferences and film screenings , is held in march .
since ozone absorbs strongly in the uv region of the spectrum , the ozone layer of the upper atmosphere functions as a protective radiation shield for the planet .
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch .
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030. in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight .
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " .
kenya has a warm and humid tropical climate on its indian ocean coastline .
throughout the 1980s and 1990s , demand for a scottish parliament grew , in part because the government of the united kingdom was controlled by the conservative party , while scotland itself elected relatively few conservative mps .
they eventually forced tesla out leaving him penniless .
therefore , the church supports and extends its ministry to those persons who conscientiously oppose all war , or any particular war , and who therefore refuse to serve in the armed forces or to cooperate with systems of military conscription .
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats .
crew members would also exclusively wear modified , fire-resistant block ii space suits , and would be designated by the block ii titles , regardless of whether a lm was present on the flight or not .
in 1977 , roone arledge was named president of the new abc news in addition to being president of abc sports .
in between , they have the 10 o'clock tea ( chai ya saa nne ) and 4 pm tea ( chai ya saa kumi ) .
luther connected high art and folk music , also all classes , clergy and laity , men , women and children .
rail transport in victoria is provided by several private and public railway operators who operate over government-owned lines .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
in the late 17th century , robert boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion .
crosscountry trains serve destinations in yorkshire , the midlands and the south west .
kenyans generally have three meals in a day – breakfast in the morning ( kiamsha kinywa ) , lunch in the afternoon ( chakula cha mchana ) and supper in the evening ( chakula cha jioni or known simply as " chajio " ) .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
st joseph 's college , gregory terrace , saint ignatius ' college , riverview , st gregory 's college , campbelltown , st aloysius ' college ( sydney ) and st joseph 's college , hunters hill , as well as loreto kirribilli , monte sant angelo mercy college , st ursula 's college and loreto normanhurst for girls .
the plague of 1649 probably reduced the population of seville by half .
mid-ocean ridges , high regions on the seafloor where hydrothermal vents and volcanoes exist , were explained as divergent boundaries , where two plates move apart .
prevenient grace allows those tainted by sin to nevertheless make a truly free choice to accept or reject god 's salvation in christ .
in contrast , an instance of this problem is a rather concrete utterance , which can serve as the input for a decision problem .
westinghouse looked into getting a patent on a similar commutator-less , rotating magnetic field-based induction motor presented in a paper in march 1888 by the italian physicist galileo ferraris , but decided tesla 's patent would probably control the market .
among the most well-known experiments in structural geology are those involving orogenic wedges , which are zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries .
brownlee argues , " bringing in deterrence at the level of justification detracts from the law ’ s engagement in a moral dialogue with the offender as a rational person because it focuses attention on the threat of punishment and not the moral reasons to follow this law . "
warsaw is located on two main geomorphologic formations : the plain moraine plateau and the vistula valley with its asymmetrical pattern of different terraces .
at a pre-arranged announced time , one at a time they stepped across the " line " and were immediately arrested .
most western countries , and some others , have now banned it , but it remains lawful in the united states following a us supreme court decision in 1977 which held that paddling did not violate the us constitution .
the v & a is located in the brompton district of the royal borough of kensington and chelsea , in an area that has become known as " albertopolis " because of its association with prince albert , the albert memorial and the major cultural institutions with which he was associated .
rates of sea-level rise had dropped so far , that natural sedimentation by the rhine and coastal processes together , could compensate the transgression by the sea ; in the last 7000 years , the coast line was roughly at the same location .
reasons for extra-legal ownership include excessive bureaucratic red tape in buying property and building , in some countries it can take over 200 steps and up to 14 years to build on government land .
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill .
apicomplexans store their energy in amylopectin starch granules that are located in their cytoplasm , even though they are nonphotosynthetic .
the urban area is also host to an international metropolitan region in the form of san diego–tijuana , created by the urban area spilling over into baja california .
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng .
the flow reappears on the surface at the northern ( german ) shore of the lake , off the island of lindau .
andy taylor , former lead guitarist of duran duran was born here in 1961. brian johnson was a member of local rock band geordie before becoming the lead vocalist of ac/dc .
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively .
france 's colonial presence north of the caribbean was reduced to the islands of saint pierre and miquelon , confirming britain 's position as the dominant colonial power in eastern north america .
[ citation needed ] since ireland refused to consent to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 , there remains one commissioner for each of the 28 member states , including the president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ( currently federica mogherini ) .
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign. ” if a man chose to be an agent of injustice , then thoreau insisted on confronting him with the fact that he was making a choice .
he said , " i lost touch with christ the savior and comforter , and made of him the jailer and hangman of my poor soul . "
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting .
gandhi 's acts have been described as revolutionary civil disobedience .
most hospital medications are unit-dose , or a single dose of medicine .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
to classify the computation time ( or similar resources , such as space consumption ) , one is interested in proving upper and lower bounds on the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem .
in addition , the united methodist church prohibits the celebration of same-sex unions .
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage .
from 1530 a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from tyneside to newcastle quayside , giving a monopoly in the coal trade to a cartel of newcastle burgesses known as the hostmen .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
their main weakness is their eyestalk ; attacks upon them using various weapons can blind a dalek , making it go mad .
the sinclair broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations by numerical total , owning or providing services to 28 abc affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates ; sinclair owns the largest abc subchannel affiliate by market size , wabm-dt2/wdbb-dt2 in the birmingham market , which serve as repeaters of wbma-ld ( the largest low-power " big four " affiliate by market size , which itself is also simulcast on a subchannel of former wbma satellite wgww , owned by sinclair partner company howard stirk holdings ) .
similar to sister network espn 's watchespn service ( which originated the " watch " brand used by the streaming services of disney 's television networks ) , live streams of abc stations are only available to authenticated subscribers of participating pay television providers in certain markets .
the two innermost lipid-bilayer membranes that surround all chloroplasts correspond to the outer and inner membranes of the ancestral cyanobacterium 's gram negative cell wall , and not the phagosomal membrane from the host , which was probably lost .
the contracted batch of 15 saturn vs were enough for lunar landing missions through apollo 20. nasa publicized a preliminary list of eight more planned landing sites , with plans to increase the mass of the csm and lm for the last five missions , along with the payload capacity of the saturn v. these final missions would combine the i and j types in the 1967 list , allowing the cmp to operate a package of lunar orbital sensors and cameras while his companions were on the surface , and allowing them to stay on the moon for over three days .
the negotiations were successfully concluded on 17 february 1546. after 8 a.m. , he experienced chest pains .
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac .
chemical catalysts can be used as well , such as in chemical oxygen generators or oxygen candles that are used as part of the life-support equipment on submarines , and are still part of standard equipment on commercial airliners in case of depressurization emergencies .
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific .
the land was occupied by brompton park house , which was extended , most notably by the " brompton boilers " , which were starkly utilitarian iron galleries with a temporary look and were later dismantled and used to build the v & a museum of childhood .
when the town council asked luther to return , he decided it was his duty to act .
economist joseph stiglitz argues that rather than explaining concentrations of wealth and income , market forces should serve as a brake on such concentration , which may better be explained by the non-market force known as " rent-seeking " .
the spanish renamed the fort san mateo , and following the ejection of the french , st. augustine 's position as the most important settlement in florida was solidified .
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
elders are called by god , affirmed by the church , and ordained by a bishop to a ministry of word , sacrament , order and service within the church .
steam engines are external combustion engines , where the working fluid is separate from the combustion products .
citizenship of the eu has increasingly been seen as a " fundamental " status of member state nationals by the court of justice , and has accordingly increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 .
in particular , number theorists such as british mathematician g. h. hardy prided themselves on doing work that had absolutely no military significance .
the textbook examples are cydippids with egg-shaped bodies and a pair of retractable tentacles fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) that are covered with colloblasts , sticky cells that capture prey .
some words used in the geordie dialect are used elsewhere in the northern united kingdom .
[ citation needed ] since ireland refused to consent to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 , there remains one commissioner for each of the 28 member states , including the president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ( currently federica mogherini ) .
his translation of the bible into the vernacular ( instead of latin ) made it more accessible , which had a tremendous impact on the church and german culture .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
after detecting stress in a cell , which might be due to a pathogen , chloroplasts begin producing molecules like salicylic acid , jasmonic acid , nitric oxide and reactive oxygen species which can serve as defense-signals .
killer t cells are activated when their t cell receptor ( tcr ) binds to this specific antigen in a complex with the mhc class i receptor of another cell .
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars .
in australia , the show has had a strong fan base since its inception , having been exclusively first run by the australian broadcasting corporation ( abc ) since january 1965. the abc has periodically repeated episodes ; of note were the weekly screenings of all available classic episodes starting in 2003 , for the show 's 40th anniversary , and the weekdaily screenings of all available revived episodes in 2013 for the show 's 50th anniversary .
in 1999 the european council set up a body tasked with drafting a european charter of human rights , which could form the constitutional basis for the european union and as such tailored specifically to apply to the european union and its institutions .
toghrul , as temüjin 's patron , was exiled to the qara khitai .
the program was named after the greek god of light , music , and the sun by nasa manager abe silverstein , who later said that " i was naming the spacecraft like i 'd name my baby . "
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
high levels of inequality prevent not just economic prosperity , but also the quality of a country 's institutions and high levels of education .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment .
this was followed on april 4 , 1968 , by apollo 6 ( as-502 ) which carried a csm and a lm test article as ballast .
this creates three main flows , two of which change names rather often .
the annual status of education report ( aser ) , which evaluates learning levels in rural india , has been reporting poorer academic achievement in government schools than in private schools .
packet switching contrasts with another principal networking paradigm , circuit switching , a method which pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session , each having a constant bit rate and latency between nodes .
uptake of o 2 from the air is the essential purpose of respiration , so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine .
saudi arabia and iran became increasingly dependent on american security assurances to manage both external and internal threats , including increased military competition between them over increased oil revenues .
the ediacaran eoandromeda could putatively represent a comb jelly .
in 1640 pierre de fermat stated ( without proof ) fermat 's little theorem ( later proved by leibniz and euler ) .
itv were the current rights holders , and fought hard to retain the new rights .
in humans , this response is activated by complement binding to antibodies that have attached to these microbes or the binding of complement proteins to carbohydrates on the surfaces of microbes .
the most important for luther was the doctrine of justification – god 's act of declaring a sinner righteous – by faith alone through god 's grace .
the best algorithm for this problem , due to laszlo babai and eugene luks has run time 2o ( √ ( n log ( n ) ) ) for graphs with n vertices .
other fresno stations include abc o & o kfsn , cbs affiliate kgpe , cw affiliate kfre , fox affiliate kmph , mntv affiliate kail , pbs affiliate kvpt , telemundo o & o knso , univision o & o kftv , and mundofox and azteca affiliate kgmc-dt .
the umc is also a member of the wesleyan holiness consortium , which seeks to reconceive and promote biblical holiness in today 's church .
other arcane units of force include the sthène , which is equivalent to 1000 n , and the kip , which is equivalent to 1000 lbf .
he suffered a peculiar affliction in which blinding flashes of light would appear before his eyes , often accompanied by visions .
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period .
it is an important general principle of international law and public law , which predates european union law .
controlled , experimental studies exploring intrinsic motivation of college students has shown that nonverbal expressions of enthusiasm , such as demonstrative gesturing , dramatic movements which are varied , and emotional facial expressions , result in college students reporting higher levels of intrinsic motivation to learn .
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards .
when yesün temür died in shangdu in 1328 , tugh temür was recalled to khanbaliq by the qipchaq commander el temür .
los angeles ( at 3.7 million people ) and san diego ( at 1.3 million people ) , both in southern california , are the two largest cities in all of california ( and two of the eight largest cities in the united states ) .
teachers in wales can be registered members of trade unions such as atl , nut or nasuwt and reports in recent years suggest that the average age of teachers in wales is falling with teachers being younger than in previous years .
it consists of filaments about 5 nanometers across , arranged in rows 6.4 nanometers apart , and shrinks to squeeze the chloroplast .
in case of european union law which should have been transposed into the laws of member states , such as directives , the european commission can take proceedings against the member state under the treaty on the functioning of the european union .
the city straddles the vistula river .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
governments may require certification by a recognized body before they can teach in a school .
the sama festival , an east asian cultural festival is also held in early october .
oxygen is the oxidant , not the fuel , but nevertheless the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion .
the apollo astronauts were chosen from the project mercury and gemini veterans , plus from two later astronaut groups .
in humans , immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic disease such as severe combined immunodeficiency , acquired conditions such as hiv/aids , or the use of immunosuppressive medication .
in most countries , the dispensary is subject to pharmacy legislation ; with requirements for storage conditions , compulsory texts , equipment , etc. , specified in legislation .
saint-pierre said , " as to the summons you send me to retire , i do not think myself obliged to obey it . "
since ozone absorbs strongly in the uv region of the spectrum , the ozone layer of the upper atmosphere functions as a protective radiation shield for the planet .
warsaw ( polish : warszawa [ varˈʂava ] ( listen ) ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
doctor who has been nominated for over 200 awards and has won over a hundred of them .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
oxygen is present in the atmosphere in trace quantities in the form of carbon dioxide ( co 2 ) .
the first result in that direction is the prime number theorem , proven at the end of the 19th century , which says that the probability that a given , randomly chosen number n is prime is inversely proportional to its number of digits , or to the logarithm of n .
therefore , most ersatzschulen have very low tuition fees and/or offer scholarships , compared to most other western european countries .
it won five bafta tv awards , including best drama series , the highest-profile and most prestigious british television award for which the series has ever been nominated .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham .
over 10 % of swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008. sweden is internationally known for this innovative school voucher model that provides swedish pupils with the opportunity to choose the school they prefer .
with the establishment of trading posts in india , the british were able to maintain strength relative to others empires such as the portuguese who already had set up trading posts in india .
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner .
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner .
during the first sino-japanese war in 1894 , japan absorbed taiwan .
the coordinating lead authors are responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors , ensuring that they meet stylistic and formatting requirements , and reporting to the working group chairs .
it consists of nine members , both laity and clergy , elected by the general conference for an eight-year term .
a series of religious conflicts followed , known as the wars of religion , fought intermittently from 1562 to 1598. the wars finally ended with the granting of the edict of nantes , which granted the huguenots substantial religious , political and military autonomy .
the european court of justice is the supreme judicial body which interprets eu law , and develops it through precedent .
nasa announced the selection of grumman as the lem contractor in november 1962 .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
specifically within the year 1636 , it is roughly estimated with evidence held by the society of antiquaries that 47 % of the then population of newcastle died from the epidemic ; this may also have been the most devastating loss in any british city in this period .
these engines are mainly used in toys and models , because of their simplicity , but have also been used in full size working engines , mainly on ships where their compactness is valued .
however , in the early 11th century the dukes began a programme of church reform , encouraging the cluniac reform of monasteries and patronising intellectual pursuits , especially the proliferation of scriptoria and the reconstitution of a compilation of lost illuminated manuscripts .
the report claimed that these noise levels would have a negative long-term impact on the health of the city 's residents .
in addition , the hyde park day school , a school for students with learning disabilities , maintains a location on the university of chicago campus .
in the channel 4 series queer as folk ( created by later doctor who executive producer russell t. davies ) , the character of vince was portrayed as an avid doctor who fan , with references appearing many times throughout in the form of clips from the programme .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
the u.s. government has engaged in efforts to counter islamism , or violent islamism , since 2001. these efforts were centred in the u.s. around public diplomacy programmes conducted by the state department .
a " general question time " takes place on a thursday between 11:40 a.m. and 12 p.m. where members can direct questions to any member of the scottish government .
problems that can be solved in theory ( e.g. , given large but finite time ) , but which in practice take too long for their solutions to be useful , are known as intractable problems .
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water .
the command module ( cm ) was the conical crew cabin , designed to carry three astronauts from launch to lunar orbit and back to an earth ocean landing .
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them .
the academy was responsible for compiling and publishing a number of books , but its most important achievement was its compilation of a vast institutional compendium named jingshi dadian ( chinese : 經世大典 ) .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
dynamic equilibrium was first described by galileo who noticed that certain assumptions of aristotelian physics were contradicted by observations and logic .
the defeat along with economic stagnation in the defeated countries , was blamed on the secular arab nationalism of the ruling regimes .
the musical instruments gallery closed 25 february 2010 , a decision which was highly controversial .
phagocytosis evolved as a means of acquiring nutrients , but this role was extended in phagocytes to include engulfment of pathogens as a defense mechanism .
hutchins eliminated varsity football from the university in an attempt to emphasize academics over athletics , instituted the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum known as the common core , and organized the university 's graduate work into its current [ when ? ]
the abc broadcasts the modern series first run on abc1 , with repeats on abc2 .
the scotland act 1998 , which was passed by the parliament of the united kingdom and given royal assent by queen elizabeth ii on 19 november 1998 , governs the functions and role of the scottish parliament and delimits its legislative competence .
in the river , electric eels can produce an electric shock that can stun or kill , while piranha are known to bite and injure humans .
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health .
in 1870 , tesla moved to karlovac , to attend school at the higher real gymnasium , where he was profoundly influenced by a math teacher martin sekulić .
the " combs " ( also called " ctenes " or " comb plates " ) run across each row , and each consists of thousands of unusually long cilia , up to 2 millimeters ( 0.079 in ) .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
the principal cash crops are tea , horticultural produce , and coffee .
due to his earlier defeat of the merkits , and a proclamation by the shaman kokochu that the eternal blue sky had set aside the world for temüjin , temüjin began rising to power .
in just eight hours , it swept through 146 city blocks , destroyed over 2,000 buildings , left about 10,000 homeless and killed 7 residents .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter .
trioxygen ( o 3 ) is usually known as ozone and is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue .
" nun komm , der heiden heiland " ( now come , savior of the gentiles ) , based on veni redemptor gentium , became the main hymn ( hauptlied ) for advent .
unemployment can harm growth not only because it is a waste of resources , but also because it generates redistributive pressures and subsequent distortions , drives people to poverty , constrains liquidity limiting labor mobility , and erodes self-esteem promoting social dislocation , unrest and conflict .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
john houghton , who was a co-chair of tar wgi , has responded to lindzen 's criticisms of the spm .
" nun komm , der heiden heiland " ( now come , savior of the gentiles ) , based on veni redemptor gentium , became the main hymn ( hauptlied ) for advent .
luther spoke out against the jews in saxony , brandenburg , and silesia .
during the following years , a magnetic tape shortage prompted nasa to remove massive numbers of magnetic tapes from the national archives and records administration to be recorded over with newer satellite data .
on april 1 , 1963 , abc debuted the soap opera general hospital , which would go on to become the television network 's long-running entertainment program .
in the early years the college trained many puritan ministers .
the term imperialism has been applied to western ( and japanese ) political and economic dominance especially in asia and africa in the 19th and 20th centuries .
the green dining room 1866–68 was the work of philip webb and william morris , and displays elizabethan influences .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
around 1294 , a french version of the scriptures was prepared by the roman catholic priest , guyard de moulin .
such exemplary saints include martyrs , confessors of the faith , evangelists , or important biblical figures such as saint matthew , lutheran theologian and martyr to the nazis dietrich bonhoeffer , salvation army founder william booth , african missionary david livingstone and methodism 's revered founder john wesley are among many cited as protestant saints .
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty .
these baptized members become professing members through confirmation and sometimes the profession of faith .
continuing the style of the earlier buildings , various designers were responsible for the decoration , the terracotta embellishments were again the work of godfrey sykes , although sgraffito was used to decorate the east side of the building designed by f. w. moody , a final embellishment were the wrought iron gates made as late as 1885 designed by starkie gardner , these lead to a passage through the building .
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations .
the v & a holds over 19,000 items from the islamic world , ranging from the early islamic period ( the 7th century ) to the early 20th century .
it is named after william john macquorn rankine , a scottish polymath .
that the plague was caused by bad air became the most widely accepted theory .
art from thailand , burma , cambodia , indonesia and sri lanka in gold , silver , bronze , stone , terracotta and ivory represents these rich and complex cultures , the displays span the 6th to 19th centuries .
it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968. consolidation gave jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits ; with an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014 , it is the most populous city proper in florida and the southeast , and the 12th most populous in the united states .
chloroplasts stimulate both responses by purposely damaging their photosynthetic system , producing reactive oxygen species .
alternatively , glucose monomers in the chloroplast can be linked together to make starch , which accumulates into the starch grains found in the chloroplast .
newcastle student radio is run by students from both of the city 's universities , broadcasting from newcastle university 's student 's union building during term time .
in front of the field of macrocilia , on the mouth " lips " in some species of beroe , is a pair of narrow strips of adhesive epithelial cells on the stomach wall that " zip " the mouth shut when the animal is not feeding , by forming intercellular connections with the opposite adhesive strip .
in 1237 batu khan , a grandson of genghis khan , launched an invasion into kievan rus ' .
these stages were called expansions , with double and triple expansion engines being common , especially in shipping where efficiency was important to reduce the weight of coal carried .
go-ahead operates from eldon square bus station , providing the majority of services south of the river in gateshead , south tyneside , sunderland , and county durham .
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs .
she stopped to rest on a sandy beach by the village of warszowa , where fishermen came to admire her beauty and listen to her beautiful voice .
in 1226 , immediately after returning from the west , genghis khan began a retaliatory attack on the tanguts .
the highest temperature recorded was 104 °f ( 40 °c ) on july 11 , 1879 and july 28 , 1872. it is common for thunderstorms to erupt during a typical summer afternoon .
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen .
before the foundation can be dug , contractors are typically required to verify and have existing utility lines marked , either by the utilities themselves or through a company specializing in such services .
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . )
two han chinese leaders , shi tianze , liu heima ( 劉黑馬 , liu ni ) , and the khitan xiao zhala ( 蕭札剌 ) defected and commanded the 3 tumens in the mongol army .
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america .
in july 1960 , nasa deputy administrator hugh l. dryden announced the apollo program to industry representatives at a series of space task group conferences .
lenin wrote extensively on the matter and famously declared that imperialism was the highest stage of capitalism .
conversely if they move from brackish to full-strength seawater , the rosettes may pump water out of the mesoglea to reduce its volume and increase its density .
he lit electric lamps wirelessly at both locations , demonstrating the potential of wireless power transmission .
sanders was his top receiver with six receptions for 83 yards .
likewise , newton 's second law of motion can be used to derive an analogous equation for the instantaneous angular acceleration of the rigid body :
with a budget of $ 230,000 , the surviving original lunar broadcast data from apollo 11 was compiled by nafzger and assigned to lowry digital for restoration .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
in past times , corporal punishment ( spanking or paddling or caning or strapping or birching the student in order to cause physical pain ) was one of the most common forms of school discipline throughout much of the world .
in addition to these effects , the milieu of hormones produced at this time ( leptin , pituitary growth hormone , and prolactin ) support the interactions between apcs and t-cells , a shift of the th1/th2 cytokine balance towards one that supports th1 , an increase in overall th cell proliferation , and naïve t cell migration to lymph nodes .
in 1939 chinese nationalist soldiers took the mausoleum from its position at the 'lord 's enclosure ' ( mongolian : edsen khoroo ) in mongolia to protect it from japanese troops .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
wiesner kept up the pressure , even making the disagreement public during a two-day september visit by the president to marshall space flight center .
frontex , the european union agency for external border security , has its headquarters in warsaw .
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army .
for the successful execution of a project , effective planning is essential .
this was the beginning of years of patent battles over radio with tesla 's patents being upheld in 1903 , followed by a reverse decision in favor of marconi in 1904. in 1943 , a supreme court of the united states decision restored the prior patents of tesla , oliver lodge , and john stone .
the plague struck various countries in the middle east during the pandemic , leading to serious depopulation and permanent change in both economic and social structures .
when coal is used , a chain or screw stoking mechanism and its drive engine or motor may be included to move the fuel from a supply bin ( bunker ) to the firebox .
this rivalry , though , is put aside every two years when the harvard and yale track and field teams come together to compete against a combined oxford university and cambridge university team , a competition that is the oldest continuous international amateur competition in the world .
the molecules between the photosystems harness the electrons ' energy to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , creating a concentration gradient , with more hydrogen ions ( up to a thousand times as many ) inside the thylakoid system than in the stroma .
aken , adopted by mexican movie actress lupe mayorga , grew up in the neighboring town of madera and his song chronicled the hardships faced by the migrant farm workers he saw as a child .
the practice has been for the union government to provide the broad policy directions while the states create their own rules and regulations for the administration of the sector .
this is often through various forms of " othering " ( see other ) based on racial , religious , or cultural stereotypes .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
the state is most commonly divided and promoted by its regional tourism groups as consisting of northern , central , and southern california regions .
stephen kemble guided the theatre through many celebrated seasons .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
oxygen is the oxidant , not the fuel , but nevertheless the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion .
the phrase taking coals to newcastle was first recorded contextually in 1538. the phrase itself means a pointless pursuit .
the apollo program was conceived during the eisenhower administration in early 1960 , as a follow-up to project mercury .
after the statement has been delivered , the leaders of the opposition parties and other msps question the first minister on issues related to the substance of the statement .
during this period the university , like shimer college and 10 others , adopted an early entrant program that allowed very young students to attend college ; in addition , students enrolled at shimer were enabled to transfer automatically to the university of chicago after their second year , having taken comparable or identical examinations and courses .
spain ceded florida to the british in 1763 after the french and indian war , and the british soon constructed the king 's road connecting st. augustine to georgia .
student uniforms for australian private schools are generally stricter and more formal than in government schools - for example , a compulsory blazer .
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area .
the most important apicoplast function is isopentenyl pyrophosphate synthesis—in fact , apicomplexans die when something interferes with this apicoplast function , and when apicomplexans are grown in an isopentenyl pyrophosphate-rich medium , they dump the organelle .
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " .
the united methodist church , along with other methodist churches , condemns capital punishment , saying that it can not accept retribution or social vengeance as a reason for taking human life .
in this work , one of his most emphatic statements on faith , he argued that every good work designed to attract god 's favor is a sin .
mayor w. haydon burns ' jacksonville story resulted in the construction of a new city hall , civic auditorium , public library and other projects that created a dynamic sense of civic pride .
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists .
the small catechism has earned a reputation as a model of clear religious teaching .
seeking to reduce the alarming number of deaths and serious injuries in the sport , walter camp ( former captain of the yale football team ) , suggested widening the field to open up the game .
reasons for extra-legal ownership include excessive bureaucratic red tape in buying property and building , in some countries it can take over 200 steps and up to 14 years to build on government land .
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species .
the force , therefore , is related directly to the difference in potential energy between two different locations in space , and can be considered to be an artifact of the potential field in the same way that the direction and amount of a flow of water can be considered to be an artifact of the contour map of the elevation of an area .
the ipcc does not carry out research nor does it monitor climate related data .
base titanium , a subsidiary of base resources of australia , shipped its first major consignment of minerals to china .
some examples of intracellular pathogens include viruses , the food poisoning bacterium salmonella and the eukaryotic parasites that cause malaria ( plasmodium falciparum ) and leishmaniasis ( leishmania spp . ) .
thermochemical techniques can be used to determine temperature profiles within the crust , the uplift of mountain ranges , and paleotopography .
non-hispanic whites were 30.0 % of the population in 2010 , down from 72.6 % in 1970 .
during reconstruction and the gilded age , jacksonville and nearby st. augustine became popular winter resorts for the rich and famous .
a dry type cooling tower is similar to an automobile radiator and is used in locations where water is costly .
for example , prime ideals in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields can be used in proving quadratic reciprocity , a statement that concerns the solvability of quadratic equations
as northwest europe slowly began to warm up from 22,000 years ago onward , frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers began to thaw and fall-winter snow covers melted in spring .
in recent years the characteristic that has strongly correlated with health in developed countries is income inequality .
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns .
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population .
[ citation needed ] although imperialist practices have existed for thousands of years , the term " age of imperialism " generally refers to the activities of european powers from the early 18th century through to the middle of the 20th century , for example , the " the great game " in persian lands , the " scramble for africa " and the " open door policy " in china .
westinghouse also hired tesla for one year for the large fee of $ 2,000 ( $ 52,700 in today 's dollars ) per month to be a consultant at the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company 's pittsburgh labs .
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies .
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock .
about the time of the first landing in 1969 , it was decided to use an existing saturn v to launch the skylab orbital laboratory pre-built on the ground , replacing the original plan to construct it in orbit from several saturn ib launches ; this eliminated apollo 20. nasa 's yearly budget also began to shrink in light of the successful landing , and nasa also had to make funds available for the development of the upcoming space shuttle .
in 1899 , john jacob astor iv invested $ 100,000 for tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system .
the first historical reference to warsaw dates back to the year 1313 , at a time when kraków served as the polish capital city .
he was then ordered by william pitt , the secretary of state responsible for the colonies , to attack louisbourg first .
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california .
for every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.3 males .
the english channel , the irish channel and most of the north sea were dry land , mainly because sea level was approximately 120 m ( 390 ft ) lower than today .
the scottish parliament has the ability to alter income tax in scotland by up to 3 pence in the pound .
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock .
following the merger of harvard and radcliffe admissions in 1977 , the proportion of female undergraduates steadily increased , mirroring a trend throughout higher education in the united states .
barred by the government from settling in new france , huguenots led by jessé de forest , sailed to north america in 1624 and settled instead in the dutch colony of new netherland ( later incorporated into new york and new jersey ) ; as well as great britain 's colonies , including nova scotia .
since teachers can affect how students perceive the course materials , it has been found that teachers who showed enthusiasm towards the course materials and students can affect a positive learning experience towards the course materials .
he left law school , sold his books , and entered a closed augustinian cloister in erfurt on 17 july 1505. one friend blamed the decision on luther 's sadness over the deaths of two friends .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
in many countries , a person who wishes to become a teacher must first obtain specified professional qualifications or credentials from a university or college .
they generally serve as pastors in local congregations .
warsaw 's mixture of architectural styles reflects the turbulent history of the city and country .
in 2004 , abc 's average viewership declined by ten ratings points , landing the network in fourth place , behind nbc , cbs and fox ( by the following year , the combined season-ending average audience share of abc , nbc and cbs represented only 32 % of u.s. households ) .
chinese medical techniques such as acupuncture , moxibustion , pulse diagnosis , and various herbal drugs and elixirs were transmitted westward to the middle east and the rest of the empire .
finally it spread to northwestern russia in 1351. the plague was somewhat less common in parts of europe that had smaller trade relations with their neighbours , including the kingdom of poland , the majority of the basque country , isolated parts of belgium and the netherlands , and isolated alpine villages throughout the continent .
today the court of justice of the european union ( cjeu ) is the main judicial body , within which there is a higher european court of justice ( commonly abbreviated as ecj ) that deals with cases that contain more public importance , and a general court that deals with issues of detail but without general importance .
economist branko milanovic , wrote in 2001 that , " the view that income inequality harms growth – or that improved equality can help sustain growth – has become more widely held in recent years .
in 1862 , the tesla family moved to gospić , austrian empire , where tesla 's father worked as a pastor .
virgin media ( re-branded in 2007 from ntl : telewest ) started to offer a high-definition television ( hdtv ) capable set top box , although from 30 november 2006 until 30 july 2009 it only carried one linear hd channel , bbc hd , after the conclusion of the itv hd trial .
this address later inspired the pakistan movement .
there is a feature on the victoria and albert museum web-site called " search the collections , " but not everything is listed there .
to catch up , abc followed up the flintstones with another animated series from hanna-barbera , the jetsons , which debuted on september 23 , 1962 as the first television series to be broadcast in color on the network .
this forced the emperor xuanzong to move his capital south to kaifeng , abandoning the northern half of his kingdom to the mongols .
liquid oxygen may also be produced by condensation out of air , using liquid nitrogen as a coolant .
rugby is also a growing sport in southern california , particularly at the high school level , with increasing numbers of schools adding rugby as an official school sport .
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity .
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer .
chloroplasts may be converted to chromoplasts , which are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit .
as a result , tibetan buddhism was established as the de facto state religion .
there have been subsequent claims by tesla biographers that edison and tesla were the original recipients and that neither was given the award because of their animosity toward each other ; that each sought to minimize the other 's achievements and right to win the award ; that both refused ever to accept the award if the other received it first ; that both rejected any possibility of sharing it ; and even that a wealthy edison refused it to keep tesla from getting the $ 20,000 prize money .
today , this is known as the miasma theory .
thus , on 1 august 1944 , as the red army was nearing the city , the warsaw uprising began .
the bbc will carry its own british english broadcast , with greg brady , darren fletcher and rocky boiman on commentary .
suggestions for a 'devolved ' parliament were made before 1914 , but were shelved due to the outbreak of the first world war .
to accurately map the amazon 's biomass and subsequent carbon related emissions , the classification of tree growth stages within different parts of the forest is crucial .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
on 7 january 1943 , at the age of 86 , tesla died alone in room 3327 of the new yorker hotel .
his tool of choice for this connection was the singing of german hymns in connection with worship , school , home , and the public arena .
cbs set the base rate for a 30-second advertisement at $ 5,000,000 , a record high price for a super bowl ad .
sayyid abul ala maududi was an important early twentieth-century figure in the islamic revival in india , and then after independence from britain , in pakistan .
by the end of the embargo in march 1974 , the price of oil had risen from us $ 3 per barrel to nearly $ 12 globally ; us prices were significantly higher .
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars .
between 1701 and 1750 , thirty-seven larger and smaller epidemics were recorded in constantinople , and an additional thirty-one between 1751 and 1800. baghdad has suffered severely from visitations of the plague , and sometimes two-thirds of its population has been wiped out .
while the mercury capsule could only support one astronaut on a limited earth orbital mission , apollo would carry three astronauts .
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 .
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications .
the uk subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the agreement on social policy , the 1994 works council directive , which required workforce consultation in businesses , and the 1996 parental leave directive .
the popular neighborhood known as the tower district is centered around the historic tower theatre , which is included on the national list of historic places .
the rhetoric of colonizers being racially superior appears to have achieved its purpose , for example throughout latin america " whiteness " is still prized today and various forms of blanqueamiento ( whitening ) are common .
legislative power in warsaw is vested in a unicameral warsaw city council ( rada miasta ) , which comprises 60 members .
building activity occurred in numerous noble palaces and churches during the later decades of the 17th century .
civil disobedients ' refraining from violence is also said to help preserve society 's tolerance of civil disobedience .
( mitchell tower , for example , is modeled after oxford 's magdalen tower , and the university commons , hutchinson hall , replicates christ church hall . )
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections .
the evolutionary strategy used by cicadas of the genus magicicada make use of prime numbers .
indeed , for vice president agnew it has become a code-word describing the activities of muggers , arsonists , draft evaders , campaign hecklers , campus militants , anti-war demonstrators , juvenile delinquents and political assassins . "
he insisted that , since forgiveness was god 's alone to grant , those who claimed that indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation were in error .
southern california is divided culturally , politically , and economically into distinctive regions , each containing its own culture and atmosphere , anchored usually by a city with both national and sometimes global recognition , which are often the hub of economic activity for its respective region and being home to many tourist destinations .
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments .
all chloroplasts in a plant are descended from undifferentiated proplastids found in the zygote , or fertilized egg .
as a result of his role in the inquiry , isiah bowman would come to be known as wilson 's geographer .
in 1976 , bankamericard was renamed and spun off into a separate company known today as visa inc .
jacksonville is in the first coast region of northeast florida and is centered on the banks of the st. johns river , about 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of the georgia state line and about 340 miles ( 550 km ) north of miami .
pope leo x was used to reformers and heretics , and he responded slowly , " with great care as is proper . "
these clades ( which are thought to be extinct ) were found to be ancestral to modern isolates of the modern y. pestis strains y. p. orientalis and y. p. medievalis , suggesting the plague may have entered europe in two waves .
this government adopted the traditional chinese tripartite division of authority among civil , military , and censorial offices , including the central secretariat ( zhongshu sheng ) to manage civil affairs , the privy council ( chinese : 樞密院 ) to manage military affairs , and the censorate to conduct internal surveillance and inspection .
nikola suffered a nervous breakdown at around the same time .
decompression sickness occurs in divers who decompress too quickly after a dive , resulting in bubbles of inert gas , mostly nitrogen and helium , forming in their blood .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
oxygen toxicity to the lungs and central nervous system can also occur in deep scuba diving and surface supplied diving .
the taliban were spawned by the thousands of madrasahs the deobandi movement established for impoverished afghan refugees and supported by governmental and religious groups in neighboring pakistan .
the legislature of the european union is principally composed of the european parliament and the council of the european union , which under the treaties may establish secondary law to pursue the objective set out in the treaties .
this viewpoint is supported by the educational attainment of countries—in east asia for instance—that combine strict discipline with high standards of education .
the river makes a distinctive turn to the north near chur .
nfl and atlanta braves field director ed mangan stated that the field was in " great shape " for gameday .
polignac 's conjecture is a strengthening of that conjecture , it states that for every positive integer n , there are infinitely many pairs of consecutive primes that differ by 2n .
with abercrombie pinned down at albany , montcalm slipped away and led the successful attack on oswego in august .
some of the world 's legendary surf spots are in southern california as well , including trestles , rincon , the wedge , huntington beach , and malibu , and it is second only to the island of oahu in terms of famous surf breaks .
as indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation and ecocide , such as in the peruvian amazon indigenous peoples ' rainforest communities continue to disappear , while others , like the urarina continue to struggle to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories .
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne .
a consistent electroweak theory has also been developed , which shows that electromagnetic forces and the weak force are indistinguishable at a temperatures in excess of approximately 1015 kelvins .
there were 158,349 households , of which 68,511 ( 43.3 % ) had children under the age of 18 living in them , 69,284 ( 43.8 % ) were opposite-sex married couples living together , 30,547 ( 19.3 % ) had a female householder with no husband present , 11,698 ( 7.4 % ) had a male householder with no wife present .
killer t cells only recognize antigens coupled to class i mhc molecules , while helper t cells and regulatory t cells only recognize antigens coupled to class ii mhc molecules .
the sky q silver set top box is capable of receiving and displaying uhd broadcasts , which sky will introduce later in 2016 .
in commission v austria the court held that austria was not entitled to restrict places in austrian universities to austrian students to avoid " structural , staffing and financial problems " if ( mainly german ) foreign students applied for places because there was little evidence of an actual problem .
in august 1999 , abc premiered a special series event , who wants to be a millionaire , a game show based on the british program of the same title .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
even before his return to montreal , reports on the situation in the ohio country were making their way to london and paris , each side proposing that action be taken .
under the scotland act 1998 , ordinary general elections for the scottish parliament are held on the first thursday in may every four years ( 1999 , 2003 , 2007 and so on ) .
the uprising occurred a decade following the death of henry iv , a huguenot before converting to catholicism , who had protected protestants through the edict of nantes .
during this period the university , like shimer college and 10 others , adopted an early entrant program that allowed very young students to attend college ; in addition , students enrolled at shimer were enabled to transfer automatically to the university of chicago after their second year , having taken comparable or identical examinations and courses .
the literary and philosophical society of newcastle upon tyne ( popularly known as the 'lit & phil ' ) is the largest independent library outside london , housing more than 150,000 books .
there is an extensive collection of delftware produced in both britain and holland , which includes a circa 1695 flower pyramid over a metre in height .
the inverted repeat regions are highly conserved among land plants , and accumulate few mutations .
there was an attempt to withdraw the united methodist church membership in the religious coalition for reproductive choice at their general conference , held in may 2012 , with a petition that passed through the legislative subcommittee and committee votes , but was not given a floor vote .
in 1854 at ballarat there was an armed rebellion against the government of victoria by miners protesting against mining taxes ( the " eureka stockade " ) .
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick .
to secure further loans , westinghouse was forced to revisit tesla 's ac patent , which bankers considered a financial strain on the company ( at that point westinghouse had paid out an estimated $ 200,000 in licenses and royalties to tesla , brown , and peck ) .
in much of the u.s. south , many white students migrated to the academies , while public schools became in turn more heavily concentrated with african-american students ( see list of private schools in mississippi ) .
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth .
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching .
his extremely influential books ( translated into many languages ) placed islam in a modern context , and influenced not only conservative ulema but liberal modernizer islamists such as al-faruqi , whose " islamization of knowledge " carried forward some of maududi 's key principles .
this resulted in one main case , commission v edith cresson where the european court of justice held that a commissioner giving her dentist a job , for which he was clearly unqualified , did in fact not break any law .
both before and after the 1708 passage of the foreign protestants naturalization act , an estimated 50,000 protestant walloons and huguenots fled to england , with many moving on to ireland and elsewhere .
from december 1539 , luther became implicated in the bigamy of philip i , landgrave of hesse , who wanted to marry one of his wife 's ladies-in-waiting .
provided is a universal ku band lnb ( 9.75/10.600 ghz ) which is fitted at the end of the dish and pointed at the correct satellite constellation ; most digital receivers will receive the free to air channels .
the il-khanate government issued paper money in 1294 , but public distrust of the exotic new currency doomed the experiment .
at the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 , the governors of british east africa ( as the protectorate was generally known ) and german east africa agreed a truce in an attempt to keep the young colonies out of direct hostilities .
uninterested in administration , they were separated from both the army and the populace , and china was torn by dissension and unrest .
during the construction of a building , the municipal building inspector inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local building code .
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties .
when voting takes place it is weighted inversely to member state size , so smaller member states are not dominated by larger member states .
using a cascade method , swiss chemist and physicist raoul pierre pictet evaporated liquid sulfur dioxide in order to liquefy carbon dioxide , which in turn was evaporated to cool oxygen gas enough to liquefy it .
by 1900 the population had fallen to 1 million and by the early 1980s it was less than 200,000 .
the video was processed to remove random noise and camera shake without destroying historical legitimacy .
in a report , published in early february 2007 by the ear institute at the university college london , and widex , a danish hearing aid manufacturer , newcastle was named as the noisiest city in the whole of the uk , with an average level of 80.4 decibels .
on black hammock island in the national timucuan ecological and historic preserve , a university of north florida team discovered some of the oldest remnants of pottery in the united states , dating to 2500 bc .
in addition to supplying these drugs , specialty pharmacies also provide lab monitoring , adherence counseling , and assist patients with cost-containment strategies needed to obtain their expensive specialty drugs .
mandatory committees are committees which are set down under the scottish parliament 's standing orders , which govern their remits and proceedings .
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no .
until the early 1980s , industry was a major source of water pollution .
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp .
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco .
in response , teachers may concentrate their attention on motivated students , ignoring attention-seeking and disruptive students .
[ h ] passengers traveling in ( pressurized ) commercial airplanes have an emergency supply of o 2 automatically supplied to them in case of cabin depressurization .
wrapped around the grana are helicoid stromal thylakoids , also known as frets or lamellar thylakoids .
his patents earned him a considerable amount of money , much of which was used to finance his own projects with varying degrees of success .
producers introduced the concept of regeneration to permit the recasting of the main character .
westinghouse also hired tesla for one year for the large fee of $ 2,000 ( $ 52,700 in today 's dollars ) per month to be a consultant at the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company 's pittsburgh labs .
mnemiopsis populations in those areas were eventually brought under control by the accidental introduction of the mnemiopsis-eating north american ctenophore beroe ovata , and by a cooling of the local climate from 1991 to 1993 , which significantly slowed the animal 's metabolism .
the announcement came a day after setanta sports confirmed that it would launch in march as a subscription service on the digital terrestrial platform , and on the same day that ntl 's services re-branded as virgin media .
the sculpture collection at the v & a is the most comprehensive holding of post-classical european sculpture in the world .
in 2005 the factory was sold to avtozaz , a ukrainian car manufacturer which assembled there the chevrolet aveo .
all but one of the known platyctenid species lack comb-rows .
) , and less complex than bilaterians ( which include almost all other animals ) .
in 1870 , tesla moved to karlovac , to attend school at the higher real gymnasium , where he was profoundly influenced by a math teacher martin sekulić .
the city has a proud history of theatre .
when asked where all the money had gone , tesla responded by saying that he was affected by the panic of 1901 , which he ( morgan ) had caused .
when the abc-upt merger was finalized in 1953 , the network introduced a new logo based on the seal of the federal communications commission , with the letters " abc " enclosed in a circular shield surmounted by the bald eagle .
roger 's son , roger ii of sicily , was crowned king in 1130 ( exactly one century after rainulf was " crowned " count ) by antipope anacletus ii .
the innate immune system is the dominant system of host defense in most organisms .
among them , the original fresno county courthouse ( demolished ) , the fresno carnegie public library ( demolished ) , the fresno water tower , the bank of italy building , the pacific southwest building , the san joaquin light & power building ( currently known as the grand 1401 ) , and the hughes hotel ( burned down ) , to name a few .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
in 1951 , noble held a 58 % ownership stake in abc , giving him $ 5 million with which to prevent abc from going bankrupt ; as banks refused further credit , that amount was obtained through a loan from the prudential insurance company of america .
from a mathematical viewpoint , it roughly states that the asymptotic distribution of primes ( about x/log x of numbers less than x are primes , the prime number theorem ) also holds for much shorter intervals of length about the square root of x ( for intervals near x ) .
the river makes a distinctive turn to the north near chur .
virtually all nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator .
in the spring of 1975 , fred pierce , the newly appointed president of abc television , convinced fred silverman to become the first president and director of programming of the independent television production subsidiary abc entertainment , created from the network 's namesake programming division .
approximately 1,000 british soldiers were killed or injured .
for a long time , number theory in general , and the study of prime numbers in particular , was seen as the canonical example of pure mathematics , with no applications outside of the self-interest of studying the topic with the exception of use of prime numbered gear teeth to distribute wear evenly .
sport scholarship , art scholarship , academic scholarship ) , financial need , or tax credit scholarships that might be available .
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration .
in response , king louis xv dispatched six regiments to new france under the command of baron dieskau in 1755. the british , intending to blockade french ports , sent out their fleet in february 1755 , but the french fleet had already sailed .
he went on to produce several critical pamphlets on islam , which he called " mohammedanism " or " the turk " .
sixty percent of the muslim population lives in kenya 's coastal region , comprising 50 % of the total population there .
the problems with north american were severe enough in late 1965 to cause manned space flight administrator george mueller to appoint program director samuel phillips to head a " tiger team " to investigate north american 's problems and identify corrections .
on 1 february 2007 , the eve of the publication of ipcc 's major report on climate , a study was published suggesting that temperatures and sea levels have been rising at or above the maximum rates proposed during the last ipcc report in 2001. the study compared ipcc 2001 projections on temperature and sea level change with observations .
apicoplasts have lost all photosynthetic function , and contain no photosynthetic pigments or true thylakoids .
cbc began airing series two on 9 october 2006 at 20:00 e/p ( 20:30 in newfoundland and labrador ) , shortly after that day 's cfl double header on thanksgiving in most of the country .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
by 1529 , in on war against the turk , he was actively urging emperor charles v and the german people to fight a secular war against the turks .
chloroplasts in c4 plants are notable as they exhibit a distinct chloroplast dimorphism .
iqbal expressed fears that not only would secularism and secular nationalism weaken the spiritual foundations of islam and muslim society , but that india 's hindu-majority population would crowd out muslim heritage , culture and political influence .
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) .
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union .
the commission authorized the transaction on october 12 , 1943. soon afterward , the blue network was purchased by the new company noble founded , the american broadcasting system .
the mallee and upper wimmera are victoria 's warmest regions with hot winds blowing from nearby semi-deserts .
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) .
despite their soft , gelatinous bodies , fossils thought to represent ctenophores , apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms , have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early cambrian , about 515 million years ago .
jim gray will anchor the pre-game and halftime coverage .
the embargo left oil companies searching for new ways to increase oil supplies , even in rugged terrain such as the arctic .
fresno became an incorporated city in 1885. by 1931 the fresno traction company operated 47 streetcars over 49 miles of track .
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population .
in the philippines , the private sector has been a major provider of educational services , accounting for about 7.5 % of primary enrollment , 32 % of secondary enrollment and about 80 % of tertiary enrollment .
they ultimately decided to switch to german in protest against the occupation of prussia by napoleon in 1806-07. many of their descendents rose to positions of prominence .
he is also given credit for the introduction of the traditional mongolian script and the creation of the ikh zasag ( great administration ) , the first written mongolian law .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
while the military effectiveness of these " afghan arabs " was marginal , an estimated 16,000 to 35,000 muslim volunteers came from around the world came to fight in afghanistan .
his armies quickly took heisui , ganzhou , and suzhou ( not the suzhou in jiangsu province ) , and in the autumn he took xiliang-fu [ disambiguation needed ] .
islamists were considered by western governments bulwarks against—what were thought to be at the time—more dangerous leftist/communist/nationalist insurgents/opposition , which islamists were correctly seen as opposing .
the programme originally ran from 1963 to 1989. there was an unsuccessful attempt to revive regular production in 1996 with a backdoor pilot , in the form of a television film .
high tuition , schools claim , is used to pay higher salaries for the best teachers and also used to provide enriched learning environments , including a low student to teacher ratio , small class sizes and services , such as libraries , science laboratories and computers .
then after an incompletion , thomas davis tackled anderson for a 1-yard gain on third down , forcing denver to settle for a 3–0 lead on a brandon mcmanus 34-yard field goal .
like sponges and cnidarians , ctenophores have two main layers of cells that sandwich a middle layer of jelly-like material , which is called the mesoglea in cnidarians and ctenophores ; more complex animals have three main cell layers and no intermediate jelly-like layer .
since then , during glacial times , the river mouth was located offshore of brest , france and rivers , like the thames and the seine , became tributaries to the rhine .
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements .
while this effect is manifested macroscopically as a structural force , it is technically only the result of the existence of a finite set of electron states .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
when such oxygen sinks became saturated , free oxygen began to outgas from the oceans 3–2.7 billion years ago , reaching 10 % of its present level around 1.7 billion years ago .
policies aiming at controlling unemployment and in particular at reducing its inequality-associated effects support economic growth .
at the waal , for example , the most landward tidal influence can be detected between brakel and zaltbommel .
the french monk marin mersenne looked at primes of the form 2p − 1 , with p a prime .
these teachers do not teach by rote but attempt to find new invigoration for the course materials on a daily basis .
it is home to 60 % of australia 's 3 million dairy cattle and produces nearly two-thirds of the nation 's milk , almost 6.4 billion litres .
in the fall of 1949 , abc found itself in the position of an outsider , with less coverage than two of its competing networks , cbs and nbc , even though it was on par with them in some major cities and had a headstart over its third rival at the time , the dumont television network .
the san bernardino-riverside area maintains the business districts of downtown san bernardino , hospitality business/financial centre , university town which are in san bernardino and downtown riverside .
in november 1960 , john f. kennedy was elected president after a campaign that promised american superiority over the soviet union in the fields of space exploration and missile defense .
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach .
because of its unpaired electrons , triplet oxygen reacts only slowly with most organic molecules , which have paired electron spins ; this prevents spontaneous combustion .
in the imperial household , the pharmacist was even ranked above the two personal physicians of the emperor .
they ended up using a dc traction motor instead .
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study .
edwards also comments that luther often deliberately used " vulgarity and violence " for effect , both in his writings condemning the jews and in diatribes against " turks " ( muslims ) and catholics .
new rochelle , located in the county of westchester on the north shore of long island sound , seemed to be the great location of the huguenots in new york .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
although grumman wanted a second unmanned test , george low decided the next lm flight would be manned .
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized .
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription .
on october 6 , 1973 , syria and egypt , with support from other arab nations , launched a surprise attack on israel , on yom kippur .
on april 12 , 1961 , soviet cosmonaut yuri gagarin became the first person to fly in space , reinforcing american fears about being left behind in a technological competition with the soviet union .
the best examples of newcomen designs had a duty of about 7 million , but most were closer to 5 million .
opec soon lost its preeminent position , and in 1981 , its production was surpassed by that of other countries .
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching .
the church emphasizes the need to be in supportive ministry with all women , regardless of their choice .
he called it packet switching , a more accessible name than baran 's , and proposed to build a nationwide network in the uk .
six soundtrack releases have been released since 2005. the first featured tracks from the first two series , the second and third featured music from the third and fourth series respectively .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
however , the emergence of hollywood as a major film production center ended the city 's film industry .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
in some plants such as cacti , chloroplasts are found in the stems , though in most plants , chloroplasts are concentrated in the leaves .
his method is described in the jade mirror of the four unknowns , written in 1303. the opening pages contain a diagram of pascal 's triangle .
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
unarmed jews gathered in the streets to prevent the installation of pagan images in the temple in jerusalem .
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region .
the battle ended inconclusively , with both sides withdrawing from the field .
in the early 1970s , michael eisner , who joined abc in 1966 , became the network 's program development manager .
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity .
scientists at the brazilian national institute of amazonian research argue in the article that this drought response , coupled with the effects of deforestation on regional climate , are pushing the rainforest towards a " tipping point " where it would irreversibly start to die .
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title .
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices .
the min system manages the placement of the z-ring , ensuring that the chloroplast is cleaved more or less evenly .
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly .
in china , the polymath shen kuo ( 1031–1095 ) formulated a hypothesis for the process of land formation : based on his observation of fossil animal shells in a geological stratum in a mountain hundreds of miles from the ocean , he inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by deposition of silt .
the graph isomorphism problem , the discrete logarithm problem and the integer factorization problem are examples of problems believed to be np-intermediate .
in particular , the city 's metro , roads , sidewalks , health care facilities and sanitation facilities have improved markedly .
as part of this merger , the network would have been renamed " abc-dumont " for five years , and dumont would have received $ 5 million in cash , room on the schedule for existing dumont programming , and guaranteed advertising time for dumont laboratories receivers .
justifying grace or accepting grace is that grace , offered by god to all people , that we receive by faith and trust in christ , through which god pardons the believer of sin .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) .
to date , some 150 nobel laureates , 18 fields medalists and 13 turing award winners have been affiliated as students , faculty , or staff .
another of the egyptian groups which employed violence in their struggle for islamic order was al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ( islamic group ) .
the prince of płock , bolesław ii of masovia , established this settlement , the modern-day warsaw , in about 1300. in the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the dukes of masovia , becoming the official capital of masovian duchy in 1413 .
thus , wages can be considered as a function of market price of skill .
never formally revoked , it stopped being implemented after 1932. after world war ii , the soviet union installed socialist regimes modeled on those it had installed in 1919–20 in the old tsarist empire in areas its forces occupied in eastern europe .
in 1973 , nixon named william e. simon as the first administrator of the federal energy office , a short-term organization created to coordinate the response to the embargo .
in 1840 , the rhine crisis , prompted by french prime minister adolphe thiers 's desire to reinstate the rhine as a natural border , led to a diplomatic crisis and a wave of nationalism in germany .
the historical measure of a steam engine 's energy efficiency was its " duty " .
these were all formulated and experimentally verified before isaac newton expounded his three laws of motion .
some huguenots settled in bedfordshire , one of the main centres of the british lace industry at the time .
dendritic cells ( dc ) are phagocytes in tissues that are in contact with the external environment ; therefore , they are located mainly in the skin , nose , lungs , stomach , and intestines .
louis xiv gained the throne in 1643 and acted increasingly aggressively to force the huguenots to convert .
drawing from greek and indian scientific literature that were not destroyed by the muslim conquests , the persian scholar ibn sina ( avicenna , 981–1037 ) proposed detailed explanations for the formation of mountains , the origin of earthquakes , and other topics central to modern geology , which provided an essential foundation for the later development of the science .
the physician wei yilin ( 1277–1347 ) invented a suspension method for reducing dislocated joints , which he performed using anesthetics .
in the mid-1950s , frank burnet , inspired by a suggestion made by niels jerne , formulated the clonal selection theory ( cst ) of immunity .
the last was owned by electronics manufacturer radio corporation of america ( rca ) , which owned two radio networks that each ran different varieties of programming , nbc blue and nbc red .
it is a single-step , 5-cylinder engine ( no compound ) with superheated steam and consumes approx .
the current lit and phil premises were built in 1825 and the building was designed by john and benjamin green .
in the north eastern part of fresno , woodward park was founded by the late ralph woodward , a long-time fresno resident .
the astronauts would begin wearing a new apollo spacesuit , designed to accommodate lunar extravehicular activity ( eva ) .
in addition there are regulatory t cells which have a role in modulating immune response .
other basic immune mechanisms evolved in ancient eukaryotes and remain in their modern descendants , such as plants and invertebrates .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
in typical geological investigations , geologists use primary information related to petrology ( the study of rocks ) , stratigraphy ( the study of sedimentary layers ) , and structural geology ( the study of positions of rock units and their deformation ) .
for instance , the biggest school chain , kunskapsskolan ( “ the knowledge school ” ) , offers 30 schools and a web-based environment , has 700 employees and teaches nearly 10,000 pupils .
at present , the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to the north sea , through the former meuse estuary , near rotterdam .
thus , in an aristotelian universe , the falling cannonball would land behind the foot of the mast of a moving ship .
zhèng ( chinese : 正 ) meaning " right " , " just " , or " true " , would have received the mongolian adjectival modifier -s , creating " jenggis " , which in medieval romanization would be written " genghis " .
the input string for a computational problem is referred to as a problem instance , and should not be confused with the problem itself .
in 1700 several hundred french huguenots migrated from england to the colony of virginia , where the english crown had promised them land grants in lower norfolk county .
the innate leukocytes include the phagocytes ( macrophages , neutrophils , and dendritic cells ) , mast cells , eosinophils , basophils , and natural killer cells .
itv tyne tees was based at city road for over 40 years after its launch in january 1959. in 2005 it moved to a new facility on the watermark business park next to the metrocentre in gateshead .
the working fluid in a rankine cycle can operate as a closed loop system , where the working fluid is recycled continuously , or may be an " open loop " system , where the exhaust steam is directly released to the atmosphere , and a separate source of water feeding the boiler is supplied .
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega .
luther 's teaching of the ten commandments , therefore , has clear eschatological overtones , which , characteristically for luther , do not encourage world-flight but direct the christian to service to the neighbor in the common , daily vocations of this perishing world .
due to its central location between the commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596. in the following years the town expanded towards the suburbs .
in 2013 , the peabody awards honoured doctor who with an institutional peabody " for evolving with technology and the times like nothing else in the known television universe . "
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum .
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900. james bryant conant led the university through the great depression and world war ii and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war .
famous musicians include władysław szpilman and frédéric chopin .
european union law is applied by the courts of member states and the court of justice of the european union .
he was deeply influenced by two tutors , bartholomaeus arnoldi von usingen and jodocus trutfetter , who taught him to be suspicious of even the greatest thinkers and to test everything himself by experience .
america 's oldest collection of maps , gazetteers , and atlases both old and new is stored in pusey library and open to the public .
while experimenting with mechanical oscillators at his houston street lab , tesla allegedly generated a resonance of several buildings .
full citizenship rights – ‘ ’ assimilation ’ ’ – were offered , although in reality assimilation was always on the distant horizon .
as of 2005 , 17.7 % of kenyans lived on less than $ 1.25 a day .
members of the genus haeckelia prey on jellyfish and incorporate their prey 's nematocysts ( stinging cells ) into their own tentacles instead of colloblasts .
the daily mail newspaper reported in 2012 that the uk government 's benefits agency was checking claimants ' " sky tv bills to establish if a woman in receipt of benefits as a single mother is wrongly claiming to be living alone " – as , it claimed , subscription to sports channels would betray a man 's presence in the household .
a decade after the 1973 oil crisis , honda , toyota and nissan , affected by the 1981 voluntary export restraints , opened us assembly plants and established their luxury divisions ( acura , lexus and infiniti , respectively ) to distinguish themselves from their mass-market brands .
if pathogens successfully evade the innate response , vertebrates possess a second layer of protection , the adaptive immune system , which is activated by the innate response .
the network had earlier reached an eleventh-hour deal to renew its carriage agreement with the provider on december 31 , 1999. abc filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to force twc to restore the affected stations ; the fcc ruled in favor of abc , ordering time warner cable to restore the stations , doing so on the afternoon of may 2. abc ended the 2000–01 season as the most-watched network , ahead of nbc .
the nif regime also harbored osama bin laden for a time ( before 9/11 ) , and worked to unify islamist opposition to the american attack on iraq in the 1991 gulf war .
such engines use either three or four expansion stages and are known as triple and quadruple expansion engines respectively .
to the east is the colorado desert and the colorado river at the border with arizona , and the mojave desert at the border with the state of nevada .
he received congratulatory letters from more than 70 pioneers in science and engineering , including albert einstein .
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs .
climate fluctuations during the last 34 million years have allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics .
similarly , the sieve of eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered a prime : a modified version of the sieve that considers 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of 1 ( that is , all other numbers ) and produce as output only the single number 1. furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function .
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) .
the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz is listed as a unesco world heritage site .
further , interest groups and government agencies more worried about energy were no match for kissinger 's dominance .
an online petition of over 5,100 names on the parliamentary website led to chris smith asking parliament about the future of the collection .
according to the prevailing view among historians , his anti-jewish rhetoric contributed significantly to the development of antisemitism in germany , and in the 1930s and 1940s provided an " ideal underpinning " for the nazis ' attacks on jews .
in order to compete with cnn , abc proposed a 24-hour news channel called abc cable news , with plans to launch the network in 1995 ; however , the plan would ultimately be shelved by company management .
this has in some jurisdictions reportedly led to a shortage of male teachers .
immunodeficiencies occur when one or more of the components of the immune system are inactive .
for example , the decision problem in presburger arithmetic has been shown not to be in p , yet algorithms have been written that solve the problem in reasonable times in most cases .
( an earlier version of eyevision was last used in super bowl xxxv ; for super bowl 50 , the cameras were upgraded to 5k resolution . )
" formal imperialism " is defined as " physical control or full-fledged colonial rule " .
according to the 1901 census , out of 711,988 inhabitants 56.2 % were catholics , 35.7 % jews , 5 % greek orthodox christians and 2.8 % protestants .
additionally , proteins such as nfil3 , which have been shown to be closely intertwined with both t-cell differentiation and our circadian rhythms , can be affected through the disturbance of natural light and dark cycles through instances of sleep deprivation , shift work , etc .
[ citation needed ] in the united states , in order for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid , it must be issued for a legitimate medical purpose by a licensed practitioner acting in the course of legitimate doctor-patient relationship .
newton 's laws and newtonian mechanics in general were first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
it was in this place in tours that the prétendus réformés ( " these supposedly 'reformed ' " ) habitually gathered at night , both for political purposes , and for prayer and singing psalms .
many rivers have been closed ( " dammed " ) and now serve as drainage channels for the numerous polders .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
since the 1970s , numerous geoglyphs have been discovered on deforested land dating between ad 0–1250 , furthering claims about pre-columbian civilizations .
nonetheless , the linear channels were not offered , virgin media instead concentrating on its video on demand service to carry a modest selection of hd content .
the medium of education is english , but as a compulsory subject , nepali and/or the state 's official language is also taught .
the better jacksonville plan , promoted as a blueprint for jacksonville 's future and approved by jacksonville voters in 2000 , authorized a half-penny sales tax .
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs .
luther 's writings circulated widely , reaching france , england , and italy as early as 1519. students thronged to wittenberg to hear luther speak .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
in the motor rallying arena , kenya is home to the world famous safari rally , commonly acknowledged as one of the toughest rallies in the world .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
each year , enr compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies .
warsaw produces 12 % of poland 's national income , which in 2008 was 305.1 % of the polish average , per capita ( or 160 % of the european union average ) .
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) .
the festival traces its roots to a peaceful pagan ritual where maidens would float their wreaths of herbs on the water to predict when they would be married , and to whom .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
they are a diverse phylum of bacteria capable of carrying out photosynthesis , and are gram-negative , meaning that they have two cell membranes .
the united kingdom operations also changed the company name from british sky broadcasting limited to sky uk limited , still trading as sky .
korean displays include green-glazed ceramics , silk embroideries from officials ' robes and gleaming boxes inlaid with mother-of-pearl made between 500 ad and 2000. himalayan items include important early nepalese bronze sculptures , repoussé work and embroidery .
he believed that complete imitation of the prophet mohammad and his successors such as ali for restoration of sharia law was essential to islam , that many secular , westernizing muslims were actually agents of the west serving western interests , and that the acts such as " plundering " of muslim lands was part of a long-term conspiracy against islam by the western governments .
prime ideals are the points of algebro-geometric objects , via the notion of the spectrum of a ring .
price controls exacerbated the crisis in the us .
this makes the bounds independent of the specific details of the computational model used .
stadtholder william iii of orange , who later became king of england , emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv after the french attacked the dutch republic in 1672. william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state .
legrande writes that " the formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is extremely difficult , if not impossible .
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen .
depending on the water level , this flow of the rhine water is clearly visible along the entire length of the lake .
ranging from about 1 millimeter ( 0.039 in ) to 1.5 meters ( 4.9 ft ) in size , ctenophores are the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia ( " hairs " ) as their main method of locomotion .
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line .
advances in polynomial algebra were made by mathematicians during the yuan era .
typical speeds are 3600 revolutions per minute ( rpm ) in the usa with 60 hertz power , 3000 rpm in europe and other countries with 50 hertz electric power systems .
the uk , germany , italy , switzerland and norway banned flying , driving and boating on sundays .
today most electric power is provided by steam turbines .
the commission focused on identity and unity , which were critical issues at the time .
they are usually expensive schools that tend to be up-market and traditional in style , some catholic schools fall into this category as well , e.g .
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game .
luther 's rediscovery of " christ and his salvation " was the first of two points that became the foundation for the reformation .
in addition to certification , many educational institutions especially within the us , require that prospective teachers pass a background check and psychiatric evaluation to be able to teach in classroom .
iqbal 's seven english lectures were published by oxford university press in 1934 in a book titled the reconstruction of religious thought in islam .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
when he was criticised for inserting the word " alone " after " faith " in romans 3:28 , he replied in part : " [ t ] he text itself and the meaning of st. paul urgently require and demand it .
the title coined the term materia medica .
innovations in newcastle and surrounding areas included the development of safety lamps , stephenson 's rocket , lord armstrong 's artillery , be-ro flour , joseph swan 's electric light bulbs , and charles parsons ' invention of the steam turbine , which led to the revolution of marine propulsion and the production of cheap electricity .
federal safety standards , such as nhtsa federal motor vehicle safety standard 215 ( pertaining to safety bumpers ) , and compacts like the 1974 mustang i were a prelude to the dot " downsize " revision of vehicle categories .
neutrophils are normally found in the bloodstream and are the most abundant type of phagocyte , normally representing 50 % to 60 % of the total circulating leukocytes .
legally , the central bridge is the boundary between high and upper rhine .
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971. as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973. the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over and continued to play the character until doctor who 's hiatus in 1989. the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts .
the saxon garden , covering the area of 15.5 ha , was formally a royal garden .
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers .
william invaded scotland in 1072 , riding as far as abernethy where he met up with his fleet of ships .
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities .
these include rifts with his early allies such as jamukha ( who also wanted to be a ruler of mongol tribes ) and wang khan ( his and his father 's ally ) , his son jochi , and problems with the most important shaman , who was allegedly trying to drive a wedge between him and his loyal brother khasar .
jaime weston , the league 's vice president of brand and creative , explained that a primary reason for the change was the difficulty of designing an aesthetically pleasing logo with the letter " l " using the standardized logo template introduced at super bowl xlv .
in the egyptian parliamentary election , 2011–2012 , the political parties identified as " islamist " ( the brotherhood 's freedom and justice party , salafi al-nour party and liberal islamist al-wasat party ) won 75 % of the total seats .
the result leads to even greater inequality and potential economic instability .
[ citation needed ] since ireland refused to consent to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 , there remains one commissioner for each of the 28 member states , including the president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ( currently federica mogherini ) .
if the parliament itself resolves that it should be dissolved ( with at least two-thirds of the members voting in favour ) , or if the parliament fails to nominate one of its members to be first minister within 28 days of a general election or of the position becoming vacant , the presiding officer proposes a date for an extraordinary general election and the parliament is dissolved by the queen by royal proclamation .
france ceded its territory east of the mississippi to great britain .
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish .
this region includes territory belonging to nine nations .
the pharmacological effect is doubtful ; a placebo effect is a more likely explanation .
the economy of victoria is highly diversified : service sectors including financial and property services , health , education , wholesale , retail , hospitality and manufacturing constitute the majority of employment .
in the coming decades , pharmacists are expected to become more integral within the health care system .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
since the 1970s , numerous geoglyphs have been discovered on deforested land dating between ad 0–1250 , furthering claims about pre-columbian civilizations .
as an incentive for absolute obedience and following his rule of law , the yassa code , temüjin promised civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils .
another important monument , the statue of little insurgent located at the ramparts of the old town , commemorates the children who served as messengers and frontline troops in the warsaw uprising , while the impressive warsaw uprising monument by wincenty kućma was erected in memory of the largest insurrection of world war ii .
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom .
however , on september 8 , 2007 , disney announced that it would discontinue abc1 citing to the channel 's inability to attain sustainable viewership .
in december 1901 , marconi successfully transmitted the letter s from england to newfoundland , terminating tesla 's relationship with morgan .
in an interview with newspaper editor arthur brisbane , tesla said that he did not believe in telepathy , stating , " suppose i made up my mind to murder you , " he said , " in a second you would know it .
government funding for religious schools is either subject to restrictions or possibly forbidden , according to the courts ' interpretation of the establishment clause of the first amendment or individual state blaine amendments .
this was first prompted by original star william hartnell 's poor health .
some forms of civil disobedience , such as illegal boycotts , refusals to pay taxes , draft dodging , distributed denial-of-service attacks , and sit-ins , make it more difficult for a system to function .
private schooling in the united states has been debated by educators , lawmakers and parents , since the beginnings of compulsory education in massachusetts in 1852. the supreme court precedent appears to favor educational choice , so long as states may set standards for educational accomplishment .
although the film was successful in the uk ( with 9.1 million viewers ) , it was less so in the united states and did not lead to a series .
for the top 21 industrialised countries , counting each person equally , life expectancy is lower in more unequal countries ( r = -.907 ) .
the world watched annan and his un-backed panel and african union chairman jakaya kikwete as they brought together the former rivals to the signing ceremony , beamed live on national tv from the steps of nairobi 's harambee house .
in july 1968 , abc continued its acquisitions in the amusement parks sector with the opening of abc marine world in redwood city , california ; that park was sold in 1972 and demolished in 1986 , with the land that occupied the park later becoming home to the headquarters of oracle corporation .
this makes plastid transformation a valuable tool for the creation and cultivation of genetically modified plants that are biologically contained , thus posing significantly lower environmental risks .
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean .
a large scale digitization project began in 2007 in that department .
bielany forest , located within the borders of warsaw , is the remaining part of the masovian primeval forest .
plate tectonics also provided a mechanism for alfred wegener 's theory of continental drift , in which the continents move across the surface of the earth over geologic time .
the correlation between capitalism , aristocracy , and imperialism has long been debated among historians and political theorists .
in most provinces a second bachelor 's degree such as a bachelor of education is required to become a qualified teacher .
in bays where they occur in very high numbers , predation by ctenophores may control the populations of small zooplanktonic organisms such as copepods , which might otherwise wipe out the phytoplankton ( planktonic plants ) , which are a vital part of marine food chains .
( incongruously , chinatown was primarily a japanese neighborhood and today japanese-american businesses still remain ) .
hypersensitivity is an immune response that damages the body 's own tissues .
manning and newton had quarterback passer ratings of 56.6 and 55.4 , respectively , and their added total of 112 is a record lowest aggregate passer rating for a super bowl .
there are a set of beautiful inlaid doors , dated 1580 from antwerp city hall , attributed to hans vredeman de vries .
a teacher may follow standardized curricula as determined by the relevant authority .
the 1950s and early 1960s saw little in the way of building work ; the first major work was the creation of new storage space for books in the art library in 1966 and 1967. this involved flooring over aston webb 's main hall to form the book stacks , with a new medieval gallery on the ground floor ( now the shop , opened in 2006 ) .
in physics , the university was the site of the chicago pile-1 ( the first self-sustained man-made nuclear reaction , part of the manhattan project ) , of robert millikan 's oil-drop experiment that calculated the charge of the electron , and of the development of radiocarbon dating by willard f. libby in 1947. the chemical experiment that tested how life originated on early earth , the miller–urey experiment , was conducted at the university .
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " .
despite the high position given to muslims , some policies of the yuan emperors severely discriminated against them , restricting halal slaughter and other islamic practices like circumcision , as well as kosher butchering for jews , forcing them to eat food the mongol way .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
according to the secret history , temüjin was named after a tatar chieftain , temüjin-üge , whom his father had just captured .
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown .
this basin encompasses 7,000,000 square kilometres ( 2,700,000 sq mi ) , of which 5,500,000 square kilometres ( 2,100,000 sq mi ) are covered by the rainforest .
early in 1537 , johannes agricola ( 1494–1566 ) – serving at the time as pastor in luther 's birthplace , eisleben – preached a sermon in which he claimed that god 's gospel , not god 's moral law ( the ten commandments ) , revealed god 's wrath to christians .
fulton street in downtown fresno was fresno 's main financial and commercial district before being converted into one of the nation 's first pedestrian malls in 1964. renamed the fulton mall , the area contains the densest collection of historic buildings in fresno .
atp synthase uses the energy from the flowing hydrogen ions to phosphorylate adenosine diphosphate into adenosine triphosphate , or atp .
it was worth $ 32 billion in 2011 , up from $ 28 billion in september 2010 and $ 26 billion in 2009. it suffered about 30 % loss in 2008-09. in december 2008 , harvard announced that its endowment had lost 22 % ( approximately $ 8 billion ) from july to october 2008 , necessitating budget cuts .
tesla also explained the principles of the rotating magnetic field in an induction motor by demonstrating how to make a copper egg stand on end using a device he constructed known as the egg of columbus .
nasa awarded all 32 of these astronauts its highest honor , the distinguished service medal , given for " distinguished service , ability , or courage " , and personal " contribution representing substantial progress to the nasa mission " .
immunoproteomics is the study of large sets of proteins ( proteomics ) involved in the immune response .
within the los angeles area are the major business districts of downtown burbank , downtown santa monica , downtown glendale and downtown long beach .
bskyb utilises the videoguard pay-tv scrambling system owned by nds , a cisco systems company .
the system is currently undergoing a period of refurbishment and modernization , entitled 'metro : all change . '
the infrastructure has developed a lot over the past years .
while many homes in the neighborhood date back to the 1930s or before , the neighborhood is also home to several public housing developments built between the 1960s and 1990s by the fresno housing authority .
in nature , singlet oxygen is commonly formed from water during photosynthesis , using the energy of sunlight .
classes like ip and am are defined using interactive proof systems .
some community pharmacies employ consultant pharmacists and/or provide consulting services .
problems with the yes/no answers reversed ) of np problems .
there are hints in the surviving records of the ancient egyptians that they had some knowledge of prime numbers : the egyptian fraction expansions in the rhind papyrus , for instance , have quite different forms for primes and for composites .
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma .
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig .
a job where there are few able or willing workers ( low supply ) , but a large need for the positions ( high demand ) , will result in high wages for that job .
the small vesicles sometimes observed may serve as transport vesicles to shuttle stuff between the thylakoids and intermembrane space .
the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) is a scientific intergovernmental body under the auspices of the united nations , set up at the request of member governments .
the difference between the gini index for an income distribution before taxation and the gini index after taxation is an indicator for the effects of such taxation .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue .
although time and space are the most well-known complexity resources , any complexity measure can be viewed as a computational resource .
plague was reportedly first introduced to europe via genoese traders at the port city of kaffa in the crimea in 1347. after a protracted siege , during which the mongol army under jani beg was suffering from the disease , the army catapulted the infected corpses over the city walls of kaffa to infect the inhabitants .
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide .
some 5 million people may have lived in the amazon region in ad 1500 , divided between dense coastal settlements , such as that at marajó , and inland dwellers .
local pastors are not required to have advanced degrees but are required to attend licensing school and attend and pass an approved five-year course of study at an approved united methodist seminary or course of study school , successfully complete written and oral examinations , and appear before the district committee on ministry and the conference board of ordained ministry .
immediately after decision time a " members debate " is held , which lasts for 45 minutes .
on october 19 , nixon requested congress to appropriate $ 2.2 billion in emergency aid to israel , including $ 1.5 billion in outright grants .
some scholars have asserted that luther taught that faith and reason were antithetical in the sense that questions of faith could not be illuminated by reason .
but once again they came up empty , this time as a result of a newton pass that bounced off the hands of ginn and was intercepted by safety t. j. ward .
the electromagnetic force acts between electric charges , and the gravitational force acts between masses .
the panthers line also featured veteran defensive end jared allen , a 5-time pro bowler who was the nfl 's active career sack leader with 136 , along with defensive end kony ealy , who had 5 sacks in just 9 starts .
this means that for a closed system , the net mechanical energy is conserved whenever a conservative force acts on the system .
in recent years " the gate " has opened in the city centre , a new indoor complex consisting of bars , upmarket clubs , restaurants and a 12-screen empire multiplex cinema .
in macroscopic closed systems , nonconservative forces act to change the internal energies of the system , and are often associated with the transfer of heat .
over the past 6000 years , approximately 80 avulsions have occurred .
in this way , they might be considered coercive .
the rows ( =progressions ) starting with a = 3 , 6 , or 9 contain at most one prime number .
the principle of cross-cutting relationships pertains to the formation of faults and the age of the sequences through which they cut .
in macroscopic closed systems , nonconservative forces act to change the internal energies of the system , and are often associated with the transfer of heat .
his companions are usually humans , as he has found a fascination with planet earth .
westinghouse looked into getting a patent on a similar commutator-less , rotating magnetic field-based induction motor presented in a paper in march 1888 by the italian physicist galileo ferraris , but decided tesla 's patent would probably control the market .
in 1656 , the plague killed about half of naples ' 300,000 inhabitants .
it is important to note , however , that the british study referenced above is the only one of its kind and consisted of " a random ... probability sample of 2,869 young people between the ages of 18 and 24 in a computer-assisted study " and that the questions referred to " sexual abuse with a professional , " not necessarily a teacher .
in large parts , newcastle still retains a medieval street layout .
some of the best rally drivers in the world have taken part in and won the rally , such as björn waldegård , hannu mikkola , tommi mäkinen , shekhar mehta , carlos sainz and colin mcrae .
when the committee for non-violent action sponsored a protest in august 1957 , at the camp mercury nuclear test site near las vegas , nevada , 13 of the protesters attempted to enter the test site knowing that they faced arrest .
the french crown 's refusal to allow non-catholics to settle in new france may help to explain that colony 's slow rate of population growth compared to that of the neighbouring british colonies , which opened settlement to religious dissenters .
various princes of the holy land arrived in limassol at the same time , in particular guy de lusignan .
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing .
other main architectural attractions include the castle square with the royal castle and the iconic king sigismund 's column , st. john 's cathedral , market square , palaces , churches and mansions all displaying a richness of colour and architectural detail .
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church .
the reforms provoked disturbances , including a revolt by the augustinian friars against their prior , the smashing of statues and images in churches , and denunciations of the magistracy .
active immunity can also be generated artificially , through vaccination .
the acme of the horizontal engine was the corliss steam engine , patented in 1849 , which was a four-valve counter flow engine with separate steam admission and exhaust valves and automatic variable steam cutoff .
28 june ] 1856 into a serb family in the village of smiljan , austrian empire ( modern-day croatia ) .
southern california consists of a heavily developed urban environment , home to some of the largest urban areas in the state , along with vast areas that have been left undeveloped .
tesla went to maribor ( now in slovenia ) , where he worked as a draftsman for 60 florins a month .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
he proposed an academic discussion of the power and usefulness of indulgences in his ninety-five theses of 1517. his refusal to retract all of his writings at the demand of pope leo x in 1520 and the holy roman emperor charles v at the diet of worms in 1521 resulted in his excommunication by the pope and condemnation as an outlaw by the emperor .
he worked closely with the new elector , john the steadfast , to whom he turned for secular leadership and funds on behalf of a church largely shorn of its assets and income after the break with rome .
faults are younger than the rocks they cut ; accordingly , if a fault is found that penetrates some formations but not those on top of it , then the formations that were cut are older than the fault , and the ones that are not cut must be younger than the fault .
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute .
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line .
harvard college reduced the number of students who receive latin honors from 90 % in 2004 to 60 % in 2005. moreover , the honors of " john harvard scholar " and " harvard college scholar " will now be given only to the top 5 percent and the next 5 percent of each class .
the total number of seats in the parliament are allocated to parties proportionally to the number of votes received in the second vote of the ballot using the d'hondt method .
it is a matter for the state ( including the judges ) to decide on utilitarian grounds whether to do so or not . "
in particular , it is known that gandhi would often quote shelley 's masque of anarchy to vast audiences during the campaign for a free india .
with great britain having claimed the entire australian continent east of the 135th meridian east in 1788 , victoria was included in the wider colony of new south wales .
hence ctenophores and cnidarians have traditionally been labelled diploblastic , along with sponges .
the current subject committees in the fourth session are : economy , energy and tourism ; education and culture ; health and sport ; justice ; local government and regeneration ; rural affairs , climate change and environment ; welfare reform ; and infrastructure and capital investment .
under the reign of genghis ' third son , ögedei khan , the mongols destroyed the weakened jin dynasty in 1234 , conquering most of northern china .
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates .
none of the original treaties establishing the european union mention protection for fundamental rights .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
in 2005 , there were about 8 million members in over 34,000 congregations .
in 1932 the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon stated the length as 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , presumably a typographical error .
a study of swedish counties between 1960 and 2000 found a positive impact of inequality on growth with lead times of five years or less , but no correlation after ten years .
the mongol empire did not emphasize the importance of ethnicity and race in the administrative realm , instead adopting an approach grounded in meritocracy .
upon the extinction of the local ducal line , the duchy was reincorporated into the polish crown in 1526 .
however , he concedes that the effect of trade on inequality in america is minor when compared to other causes , such as technological innovation , a view shared by other experts .
shark tank ( based on the dragon 's den reality format ) also became a midseason sleeper hit on sundays in the spring of 2010 ; the following season , it became the tentpole of the network 's friday night schedule , gradually helping make abc a strong competitor ( after being paired with 20/20 and beginning with the 2012–13 season , the tim allen sitcom last man standing ) against cbs ' long-dominant drama/reality lineup on that night for the first time since the " tgif " lineup ended in 2000 .
by that year , abc had a total viewership share of 23.63 % of american households , just below the limit of 25 % imposed by the fcc .
concentrated o 2 will allow combustion to proceed rapidly and energetically .
a july 23 , 2006 article in the uk newspaper the independent reported woods hole research center results showing that the forest in its present form could survive only three years of drought .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
some civil disobedients feel it is incumbent upon them to accept punishment because of their belief in the validity of the social contract , which is held to bind all to obey the laws that a government meeting certain standards of legitimacy has established , or else suffer the penalties set out in the law .
in the fall of 1937 , after midnight one night , tesla left the hotel new yorker to make his regular commute to the cathedral and the library to feed the pigeons .
in 1640 pierre de fermat stated ( without proof ) fermat 's little theorem ( later proved by leibniz and euler ) .
only the series from 2009 onwards are available on blu-ray , except for the 1970 story spearhead from space , released in july 2013. many early releases have been re-released as special editions , with more bonus features .
teu articles 4 and 5 state that powers remain with the member states unless they have been conferred , although there is a debate about the kompetenz-kompetenz question : who ultimately has the " competence " to define the eu 's " competence " .
meanwhile , denver 's offense was kept out of the end zone for three plays , but a holding penalty on cornerback josh norman gave the broncos a new set of downs .
the act delineates the legislative competence of the parliament – the areas in which it can make laws – by explicitly specifying powers that are " reserved " to the parliament of the united kingdom .
the strongest effect on jacksonville was from hurricane dora in 1964 , the only recorded storm to hit the first coast with sustained hurricane-force winds .
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose .
sky picked up the remaining four for £1.3bn .
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " .
since its invention in 1269 , the 'phags-pa script , a unified script for spelling mongolian , tibetan , and chinese languages , was preserved in the court until the end of the dynasty .
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) .
the judicial branch of the eu has played an important role in the development of eu law , by assuming the task of interpreting the treaties , and accelerating economic and political integration .
the scottish parliament is unable to legislate on such issues that are reserved to , and dealt with at , westminster ( and where ministerial functions usually lie with uk government ministers ) .
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation .
the immune system is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease .
the mongols attacked samarkand using captured enemies as body shields .
annual tuition fees at k-12 schools range from nothing at so called 'tuition-free ' schools to more than $ 45,000 at several new england preparatory schools .
economist simon kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development .
through experimentation , it is determined that laboratory measurements of forces are fully consistent with the conceptual definition of force offered by newtonian mechanics .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
louise de coligny , daughter of the murdered huguenot leader gaspard de coligny , married william the silent , leader of the dutch ( calvinist ) revolt against spanish ( catholic ) rule .
bus services in newcastle upon tyne and the surrounding boroughs part of the tyne and wear area are coordinated by nexus , the tyne and wear passenger transport executive .
will wilkinson of the libertarian cato institute states that " the weight of the evidence shows that the run-up in consumption inequality has been considerably less dramatic than the rise in income inequality , " and consumption is more important than income .
no plans were announced regarding the recognition of harvey martin , co-mvp of super bowl xii , who died in 2001 .
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away .
for example , while diatoms ( a heterokontophyte ) now have a red algal derived chloroplast , the presence of many green algal genes in the diatom nucleus provide evidence that the diatom ancestor ( probably the ancestor of all chromalveolates too ) had a green algal derived chloroplast at some point , which was subsequently replaced by the red chloroplast .
although time and space are the most well-known complexity resources , any complexity measure can be viewed as a computational resource .
for this purpose genghis khan invited a khitan prince , chu'tsai , who worked for the jin and had been captured by the mongol army after the jin dynasty was defeated .
included in its provisions was the reservation of lands west of the appalachian mountains to its indian population , a demarcation that was at best a temporary impediment to a rising tide of westward-bound settlers .
on the evening of the same day , the couple was married by bugenhagen .
they also spread beyond europe to the dutch cape colony in south africa , the dutch east indies , the caribbean , and several of the english colonies of north america , and quebec , where they were accepted and allowed to worship freely .
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin .
ends the debate about the etiology of the black death , and unambiguously demonstrates that y. pestis was the causative agent of the epidemic plague that devastated europe during the middle ages " .
decision problems are one of the central objects of study in computational complexity theory .
even though some proofs of complexity-theoretic theorems regularly assume some concrete choice of input encoding , one tries to keep the discussion abstract enough to be independent of the choice of encoding .
another important library – the university library , founded in 1816 , is home to over two million items .
the graph isomorphism problem is the computational problem of determining whether two finite graphs are isomorphic .
analyses based on comparing yearly equality figures to yearly growth rates were misleading because it takes several years for effects to manifest as changes to economic growth .
the number of chloroplasts per cell varies from 1 in algae up to 100 in plants like arabidopsis and wheat .
the views of ali shariati , ideologue of the iranian revolution , had resemblance with mohammad iqbal , ideological father of the state of pakistan , but khomeini 's beliefs is perceived to be placed somewhere between beliefs of sunni islamic thinkers like mawdudi and qutb .
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare .
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs .
the letters are strongly reminiscent of the bauhaus typeface designed by herbert bayer in the 1920s , but also share similarities with several other fonts , such as itc avant garde and horatio , and most closely resembling chalet .
kenya ( /ˈkɛnjə/ ; locally [ ˈkɛɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the republic of kenya , is a country in africa and a founding member of the east african community ( eac ) .
the swahili built mombasa into a major port city and established trade links with other nearby city-states , as well as commercial centres in persia , arabia , and even india .
as of 2012 , quality private schools in the united states charged substantial tuition , close to $ 40,000 annually for day schools in new york city , and nearly $ 50,000 for boarding schools .
another of the egyptian groups which employed violence in their struggle for islamic order was al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ( islamic group ) .
newton 's second law asserts the direct proportionality of acceleration to force and the inverse proportionality of acceleration to mass .
the centrifugal governor was adopted by james watt for use on a steam engine in 1788 after watt ’ s partner boulton saw one at a flour mill boulton & watt were building .
other bacteria , such as mycobacterium tuberculosis , live inside a protective capsule that prevents lysis by complement .
operating since 1793 and founded as a ‘ conversation club , ’ its lecture theatre was the first public building to be lit by electric light , during a lecture by joseph swan on 20 october 1880 .
most western countries , and some others , have now banned it , but it remains lawful in the united states following a us supreme court decision in 1977 which held that paddling did not violate the us constitution .
reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation .
in the early 1950s , student applications declined as a result of increasing crime and poverty in the hyde park neighborhood .
i feel i did the right thing by violating this particular law ; i am guilty as charged , " but that pleading not guilty sends a message of , " guilt implies wrong-doing .
amazonian evergreen forests account for about 10 % of the world 's terrestrial primary productivity and 10 % of the carbon stores in ecosystems—of the order of 1.1 × 1011 metric tonnes of carbon .
in a few species like cyanidioschyzon merolæ , chloroplasts have a third plastid-dividing ring located in the chloroplast 's intermembrane space .
according to this theory , those who already hold wealth have the means to invest in new sources of creating wealth or to otherwise leverage the accumulation of wealth , thus are the beneficiaries of the new wealth .
in 1990 , thomas s. murphy delegated his position as president to daniel b. burke while remaining abc 's chairman and ceo .
temüjin is written in chinese as simplified chinese : 铁木真 ; traditional chinese : 鐵木眞 ; pinyin : tiěmùzhēn .
the edict reaffirmed catholicism as the state religion of france , but granted the protestants equality with catholics under the throne and a degree of religious and political freedom within their domains .
the apollo spacecraft could be tested in two vacuum chambers capable of simulating atmospheric pressure at altitudes up to 250,000 feet ( 76 km ) , which is nearly a vacuum .
neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor , capital and land .
the promise of a negotiated settlement between israel and syria was enough to convince arab oil producers to lift the embargo in march 1974 .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific .
this was followed up in july 1966 by the newlywed game , featuring three recently married couples who guessed the responses to their partner 's questions ( some of which were fairly risque ) .
early in 1537 , johannes agricola ( 1494–1566 ) – serving at the time as pastor in luther 's birthplace , eisleben – preached a sermon in which he claimed that god 's gospel , not god 's moral law ( the ten commandments ) , revealed god 's wrath to christians .
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott .
these values are much greater than the 9–88 cm as projected by the ipcc itself in its third assessment report , published in 2001 " .
among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are ( where " r " is an organic group ) : alcohols ( r-oh ) ; ethers ( r-o-r ) ; ketones ( r-co-r ) ; aldehydes ( r-co-h ) ; carboxylic acids ( r-cooh ) ; esters ( r-coo-r ) ; acid anhydrides ( r-co-o-co-r ) ; and amides ( r-c ( o ) -nr 2 ) .
following the transition to democracy , the legal form of " model c " was abolished , however , the term continues to be used to describe government schools formerly reserved for white children.. these schools tend to produce better academic results than government schools formerly reserved for other race groups .
the final years of the yuan dynasty were marked by struggle , famine , and bitterness among the populace .
a new custom typeface , " abc modern " ( which was inspired by the logotype ) , was also created for use in advertising and other promotional materials .
however , inalchuq , the governor of the khwarezmian city of otrar , attacked the caravan that came from mongolia , claiming that the caravan contained spies and therefore was a conspiracy against khwarezmia .
if the water level drops , such that the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly , the lead melts and the steam escapes , warning the operators , who may then manually suppress the fire .
central business districts ( cbd ) include downtown los angeles , downtown san diego , downtown san bernardino , downtown bakersfield , south coast metro and downtown riverside .
according to johnson , smeeding , and tory , consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986. the debate is summarized in " the hidden prosperity of the poor " by journalist thomas b. edsall .
coastal species need to be tough enough to withstand waves and swirling sediment particles , while some oceanic species are so fragile that it is very difficult to capture them intact for study .
other religious groups represented in the k-12 private education sector include protestants , jews , muslims and the orthodox christians .
official corporal punishment , often by caning , remains commonplace in schools in some asian , african and caribbean countries .
it has bachelor 's degree programs in visual arts , music , and art history , and , more recently , cinema & media studies ( 1996 ) and theater & performance studies ( 2002 ) .
westinghouse convinced tesla to release his company from the licensing agreement over tesla 's ac patents in exchange for westinghouse electric purchasing the patents for a lump sum payment of $ 216,000 ; this provided westinghouse a break from what , due to alternating current 's rapid gain in popularity , had turned out to be an overly generous $ 2.50 per ac horsepower royalty .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
there , he explored the mountains in hunter 's garb .
this debate has proved difficult to resolve because the practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean that data sampling is biased away from the center of the amazon basin , and both explanations are reasonably well supported by the available data .
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman .
over a 200-year period , average predator populations during hypothetical outbreaks of 14- and 15-year cicadas would be up to 2 % higher than during outbreaks of 13- and 17-year cicadas .
the plant cells which contain chloroplasts are usually parenchyma cells , though chloroplasts can also be found in collenchyma tissue .
this caused increased flooding and sedimentation , ending peat formation in the delta .
ugali with vegetables , sour milk , meat , fish or any other stew is generally eaten by much of the population for lunch or supper .
the increased solubility of o 2 at lower temperatures ( see physical properties ) has important implications for ocean life , as polar oceans support a much higher density of life due to their higher oxygen content .
rna silencing mechanisms are particularly important in this systemic response as they can block virus replication .
the exceptions are the beroids , whose young are miniature beroids with large mouths and no tentacles , and the platyctenids , whose young live as cydippid-like plankton until they reach near-adult size , but then sink to the bottom and rapidly metamorphose into the adult form .
this lessens the likelihood of damage to the existing electrical , water , sewage , phone , and cable facilities , which could cause outages and potentially hazardous situations .
this pattern of higher incomes-longer lives still holds among poorer countries , where life expectancy increases rapidly as per capita income increases , but in recent decades it has slowed down among middle income countries and plateaued among the richest thirty or so countries in the world .
other museums include the carpenter center for the visual arts , designed by le corbusier , housing the film archive , the peabody museum of archaeology and ethnology , specializing in the cultural history and civilizations of the western hemisphere , and the semitic museum featuring artifacts from excavations in the middle east .
a term used originally in derision , huguenot has unclear origins .
established originally by the massachusetts legislature and soon thereafter named for john harvard ( its first benefactor ) , harvard is the united states ' oldest institution of higher learning , and the harvard corporation ( formally , the president and fellows of harvard college ) is its first chartered corporation .
a problem is regarded as inherently difficult if its solution requires significant resources , whatever the algorithm used .
in 2007 , peter davison returned in the children in need short " time crash " alongside david tennant , and most recently in 2013 's 50th anniversary special episode , " the day of the doctor " , david tennant 's tenth doctor appeared alongside matt smith as the eleventh doctor and john hurt as the war doctor , as well as brief footage from all of the previous actors .
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity .
the energy crisis led to greater interest in renewable energy , nuclear power and domestic fossil fuels .
due to its central location between the commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596. in the following years the town expanded towards the suburbs .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen .
by contrast , the vast majority of the population is dependent on income in the form of a wage or salary .
[ citation needed ] sometime before the rise of genghis khan , ong khan , his mentor and eventual rival , had converted to nestorian christianity .
at the beginning of 1893 westinghouse engineer benjamin lamme had made great progress developing an efficient version of tesla 's induction motor and westinghouse electric started branding their complete polyphase phase ac system as the " tesla polyphase system " , noting how they believed tesla 's patents gave them patent priority over other ac systems .
islamists accused the saudi regime of being a puppet of the west .
the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam can be derived from various sources , most commonly from burning combustible materials with an appropriate supply of air in a closed space ( called variously combustion chamber , firebox ) .
fresno is marked by a semi-arid climate ( köppen bsh ) , with mild , moist winters and hot and dry summers , thus displaying mediterranean characteristics .
deforestation is the conversion of forested areas to non-forested areas .
jacques legardeur de saint-pierre , who succeeded marin as commander of the french forces after the latter died on october 29 , invited washington to dine with him .
from 1421 to 1904 , the meuse and waal merged further upstream at gorinchem to form merwede .
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city .
in may 2006 , the irish broadcaster setanta sports was awarded two of the six premier league packages that the english fa offered to broadcasters .
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century .
founded as a broad islamist coalition in 1989 it was led by abbassi madani , and a charismatic islamist young preacher , ali belhadj .
millionaire ended its run on the network 's primetime lineup after three years in 2002 , with buena vista television relaunching the show as a syndicated program ( under that incarnation 's original host meredith vieira ) in september of that year .
running back ronnie hillman also made a big impact with 720 yards , five touchdowns , 24 receptions , and a 4.7 yards per carry average .
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman .
between about 1964 and 1973 , large amounts of older material stored in the bbc 's various video tape and film libraries were either destroyed , [ note 3 ] wiped , or suffered from poor storage which led to severe deterioration from broadcast quality .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
excellent job opportunities are expected as retirements , especially among secondary school teachers , outweigh slowing enrollment growth ; opportunities will vary by geographic area and subject taught .
an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech , and he died shortly afterwards at 2:45 a.m. on 18 february 1546 , aged 62 , in eisleben , the city of his birth .
the second , as-202 on august 25 , reached 617.1 nautical miles ( 1,142.9 km ) altitude and was recovered 13,900 nautical miles ( 25,700 km ) downrange in the pacific ocean .
velamen parallelum , which is typically less than 20 centimeters ( 0.66 ft ) long , can move much faster in what has been described as a " darting motion " .
seamans ' establishment of an ad-hoc committee headed by his special technical assistant nicholas e. golovin in july 1961 , to recommend a launch vehicle to be used in the apollo program , represented a turning point in nasa 's mission mode decision .
washington left with a small party , picking up along the way jacob van braam as an interpreter ; christopher gist , a company surveyor working in the area ; and a few mingo led by tanaghrisson .
4 kg ( 8.8 lb ) of steam per kwh .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
in england , in the absence of census figures , historians propose a range of preincident population figures from as high as 7 million to as low as 4 million in 1300 , and a postincident population figure as low as 2 million .
the earliest known reference to immunity was during the plague of athens in 430 bc .
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy .
to make new legislation , tfeu article 294 defines the " ordinary legislative procedure " that applies for most eu acts .
the pathogen is killed by the activity of digestive enzymes or following a respiratory burst that releases free radicals into the phagolysosome .
his father was furious over what he saw as a waste of luther 's education .
20th century fox , lionsgate , paramount pictures , universal studios and walt disney studios paid for movie trailers to be aired during the super bowl .
the role of teacher is often formal and ongoing , carried out at a school or other place of formal education .
this is a big problem , since o2 is produced by the initial light reactions of photosynthesis , causing issues down the line in the calvin cycle which uses rubisco .
in this last connection , the name could suggest the derogatory inference of superstitious worship ; popular fancy held that huguon , the gate of king hugo , was haunted by the ghost of le roi huguet ( regarded by roman catholics as an infamous scoundrel ) and other spirits , who instead of being in purgatory came back to harm the living at night .
tesla advised adams that a two-phased system would be the most reliable and that there was a westinghouse system to light incandescent bulbs using two-phase alternating current .
these chloroplasts are bounded by up to five membranes , ( depending on whether you count the entire diatom endosymbiont as the chloroplast , or just the red algal derived chloroplast inside it ) .
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) .
one of the finest objects displayed is suzuki chokichi 's bronze incense burner ( koro ) dated 1875 , standing at over 2.25 metres high and 1.25 metres in diameter it is also one of the largest examples made .
recent concerns about fuel sources and pollution have incited a renewed interest in steam both as a component of cogeneration processes and as a prime mover .
in 1830 , the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church over the issue of laity having a voice and vote in the administration of the church , insisting that clergy should not be the only ones to have any determination in how the church was to be operated .
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire .
for example , e.i . du pont , a former student of lavoisier , established the eleutherian gunpowder mills .
the vbns installed one of the first ever production oc-48c ( 2.5 gbit/s ) ip links in february 1999 and went on to upgrade the entire backbone to oc-48c .
however , this oft-quoted saying of tetzel was by no means representative of contemporary catholic teaching on indulgences , but rather a reflection of his capacity to exaggerate .
today , this acceleration due to gravity towards the surface of the earth is usually designated as and has a magnitude of about 9.81 meters per second squared ( this measurement is taken from sea level and may vary depending on location ) , and points toward the center of the earth .
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great .
salvation originates with the father and draws the believer to the father .
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide .
all this compares very favourably against incompetent , inefficient , or neglectful governments whose commitment to social justice is limited to rhetoric .
increased o 2 concentration in the lungs helps to displace carbon monoxide from the heme group of hemoglobin .
the law requires that the gp practice be located in a designated rural area and that there is also a specified , minimum distance ( currently 1.6 kilometres ) between a patient 's home and the nearest retail pharmacy .
the counterpart in mongolian language was dai ön ulus , also rendered as ikh yuan üls or yekhe yuan ulus .
in the early 13th century , the khwarazmian dynasty was governed by shah ala ad-din muhammad .
aken also made his first tv appearance playing guitar on the old country-western show at the fresno barn .
zia-ul-haq was killed in 1988 but islamization remains an important element in pakistani society .
however that year , abc had only 14 primary affiliates compared to the 74 that carried the majority of cbs programs and the 71 that were primarily affiliated with nbc .
as of february 2011 [ update ] , this conjecture has been verified for all numbers up to n = 2 · 1017. weaker statements than this have been proven , for example vinogradov 's theorem says that every sufficiently large odd integer can be written as a sum of three primes .
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) .
he left law school , sold his books , and entered a closed augustinian cloister in erfurt on 17 july 1505. one friend blamed the decision on luther 's sadness over the deaths of two friends .
although restrictions on freedom of establishment could be justified by creditor protection , labour rights to participate in work , or the public interest in collecting taxes , denial of capacity went too far : it was an " outright negation " of the right of establishment .
a revised version of the abc logo was introduced for promotions for the 2013–14 season during the network 's upfront presentation on may 14 , 2013 , and officially introduced on-air on june 17 ( although some affiliates implemented the new design prior to then ) , as part of an overhaul of abc 's identity by design agency loyalkaspar .
oxygen is the oxidant , not the fuel , but nevertheless the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion .
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game .
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott .
at the same time , the available evidence provides little support for the view that u.s.-style labor-market flexibility dramatically improves labor-market outcomes .
additionally , steeper tax progressivity applied to social spending can result in a more equal distribution of income across the board .
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923. during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa .
it won the coveted sunday times university of the year award in 2000. northumbria university has its origins in the newcastle polytechnic , established in 1969 and became the university of northumbria at newcastle in 1992 as part of the uk-wide process in which polytechnics became new universities .
an old , ill man can not earn as much as a healthy young man ; gender roles and customs may prevent a woman from receiving an education or working outside the home .
southern california is divided culturally , politically , and economically into distinctive regions , each containing its own culture and atmosphere , anchored usually by a city with both national and sometimes global recognition , which are often the hub of economic activity for its respective region and being home to many tourist destinations .
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular .
harvard was formed in 1636 by vote of the great and general court of the massachusetts bay colony .
these are caused by the rapid heating of the land relative to the water , combined with extremely high humidity .
the history of the steam engine stretches back as far as the first century ad ; the first recorded rudimentary steam engine being the aeolipile described by greek mathematician hero of alexandria .
at the time of his death , the mongol empire stretched from the caspian sea to the sea of japan .
since the 1970s , numerous geoglyphs have been discovered on deforested land dating between ad 0–1250 , furthering claims about pre-columbian civilizations .
in 2009 , nasa 's robotic lunar reconnaissance orbiter , while orbiting 50 kilometers ( 31 mi ) above the moon , began photographing the remnants of the apollo program left on the lunar surface , and photographed each site where manned apollo flights landed .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
the teacher may interact with students of different ages , from infants to adults , students with different abilities and students with learning disabilities .
the state symbols include the pink heath ( state flower ) , leadbeater 's possum ( state animal ) and the helmeted honeyeater ( state bird ) .
it remains in use today , along with luther 's hymns and his translation of the bible .
virgin media ( re-branded in 2007 from ntl : telewest ) started to offer a high-definition television ( hdtv ) capable set top box , although from 30 november 2006 until 30 july 2009 it only carried one linear hd channel , bbc hd , after the conclusion of the itv hd trial .
vampire bats dwell in the rainforest and can spread the rabies virus .
of the total 131 seats , 129 are occupied by the parliament 's elected msps and 2 are seats for the scottish law officers – the lord advocate and the solicitor general for scotland , who are not elected members of the parliament but are members of the scottish government .
kenya ranks low on transparency international 's corruption perception index ( cpi ) , a metric which attempts to gauge the prevalence of public sector corruption in various countries .
bskyb launched its hdtv service , sky+ hd , on 22 may 2006. prior to its launch , bskyb claimed that 40,000 people had registered to receive the hd service .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
most of these events are centred on melbourne , but others occur in regional cities , such as the v8 supercars and australian motorcycle grand prix at phillip island , the grand annual steeplechase at warrnambool and the australian international airshow at geelong and numerous local festivals such as the popular port fairy folk festival , queenscliff music festival , bells beach surfclassic and the bright autumn festival .
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell .
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) .
it was the first network to make the hosts responsible for reliable delivery of data , rather than the network itself , using unreliable datagrams and associated end-to-end protocol mechanisms .
for instance , with low inequality a country with a growth rate of 2 % per head and 40 % of its population living in poverty , can halve poverty in ten years , but a country with high inequality would take nearly 60 years to achieve the same reduction .
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney .
complicated cases are referred to clinical officers , medical officers and medical practitioners .
in the midst of these plans , von braun was transferred from the army to nasa , and made director of the marshall space flight center .
but two days out , a liquid oxygen tank exploded , disabling the service module and forcing the crew to use the lm as a " life boat " to return to earth .
the main sources of primary law are the treaties establishing the european union .
the buildings of the main quadrangles were designed by cobb , shepley , rutan and coolidge , holabird & roche , and other architectural firms in a mixture of the victorian gothic and collegiate gothic styles , patterned on the colleges of the university of oxford .
the abc also provided partial funding for the 20th anniversary special the five doctors in 1983. repeats of both the classic and modern series have also been shown on subscription television channels bbc uktv , sf and later on syfy upon sf 's closure .
bbc north east and cumbria is located to the north of the city on barrack road , spital tongues , in a building known , as the result of its colouring , as the pink palace .
in july 2013 , the english high court of justice found that microsoft ’ s use of the term " skydrive " infringed on sky ’ s right to the " sky " trademark .
coincidentally , both teams were coached by john fox in their last super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 .
even if a chloroplast is eventually lost , the genes it donated to the former host 's nucleus persist , providing evidence for the lost chloroplast 's existence .
its capital and largest city is nairobi .
jim gray will anchor the pre-game and halftime coverage .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
in a bid to gain newcastle and the tyne , cromwell 's allies , the scots , captured the town of newburn .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
however , as a result of the referendum in france and the referendum in the netherlands , the 2004 treaty establishing a constitution for europe never came into force .
the phrase retains this association with doctor who , to the point that in 1991 the museum of the moving image in london named their exhibition celebrating the programme " behind the sofa " .
in 1507 , he was ordained to the priesthood , and in 1508 , von staupitz , first dean of the newly founded university of wittenberg , sent for luther , to teach theology .
several families of byzantine greece were of norman mercenary origin during the period of the comnenian restoration , when byzantine emperors were seeking out western european warriors .
after malaysia 's independence in 1957 , the government instructed all schools to surrender their properties and be assimilated into the national school system .
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 .
it fostered the development of a standard version of the german language , added several principles to the art of translation , and influenced the writing of an english translation , the tyndale bible .
two days later , the fbi ordered the alien property custodian to seize tesla 's belongings , even though tesla was an american citizen .
like maududi , al banna believed in the necessity of government rule based on shariah law implemented gradually and by persuasion , and of eliminating all imperialist influence in the muslim world .
airing during the 1955–56 season , it showcased television adaptations of the 1942 films kings row and casablanca ; cheyenne ( adapted from the 1947 film wyoming kid ) ; sugarfoot ( a remake of the 1954 film the boy from oklahoma ) ; and maverick .
after prussia unified the other states into the second german empire after the franco-german war , its long-time chancellor , otto von bismarck ( 1862–90 ) , long opposed colonial acquisitions , arguing that the burden of obtaining , maintaining , and defending such possessions would outweigh any potential benefits .
immunological memory can be in the form of either passive short-term memory or active long-term memory .
jacksonville is the principal city in the jacksonville metropolitan area , with a population of 1,345,596 in 2010 .
the scottish parliament is unable to legislate on such issues that are reserved to , and dealt with at , westminster ( and where ministerial functions usually lie with uk government ministers ) .
if both of these pieces of information are not known for each force , the situation is ambiguous .
oxygen , as a supposed mild euphoric , has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars and in sports .
in 1562 , naval officer jean ribault led an expedition that explored florida and the present-day southeastern u.s. , and founded the outpost of charlesfort on parris island , south carolina .
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible .
the neighborhood of sunnyside is on fresno 's far southeast side , bounded by chestnut avenue to the west .
in the genus beroe the juveniles , like the adults , lack tentacles and tentacle sheaths .
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball .
on may 9 , 1960 , wls launched a new lineup consisting of abc radio programming .
his position was entirely religious and in no respect racial . "
the world population as a whole did not recover to pre-plague levels until the 17th century .
the mechanism by which y. pestis was usually transmitted was established in 1898 by paul-louis simond and was found to involve the bites of fleas whose midguts had become obstructed by replicating y. pestis several days after feeding on an infected host .
this fragmentation was decisive in khwarezmia 's defeats , as it allowed the mongols , although exhausted from the long journey , to immediately set about defeating small fractions of the khwarzemi forces instead of facing a unified defense .
although lacking historical connections to the middle east , japan was the country most dependent on arab oil .
later telling his father he was terrified of death and divine judgment , he cried out , " help !
there is no known case of any u.s. citizens buying canadian drugs for personal use with a prescription , who has ever been charged by authorities .
they escorted luther to the security of the wartburg castle at eisenach .
that year , abc and hearst reached an agreement with rca to merge arts and competing arts service , the entertainment channel , into a single cable channel called arts & entertainment television ( a & e ) ; the new channel subsequently leased a separate satellite transponder , ending its sharing agreement with nickelodeon to become a 24-hour service .
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports .
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people .
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits .
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries .
the project must adhere to zoning and building code requirements .
in his lab he also conducted a range of experiments with mechanical oscillators/generators , electrical discharge tubes , and early x-ray imaging .
an early important political response to the opening of hostilities was the convening of the albany congress in june and july , 1754. the goal of the congress was to formalize a unified front in trade and negotiations with various indians , since allegiance of the various tribes and nations was seen to be pivotal in the success in the war that was unfolding .
based on his industry experience on air force missile projects , mueller realized some skilled managers could be found among high-ranking officers in the united states air force , so he got webb 's permission to recruit general samuel c. phillips , who gained a reputation for his effective management of the minuteman program , as omsf program controller .
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them .
gasquet ( 1908 ) claimed that the latin name atra mors ( black death ) for the 14th-century epidemic first appeared in modern times in 1631 in a book on danish history by j.i .
at that time , it formed the boundary between gaul and germania .
among these are the oriental institute—a museum and research center for near eastern studies owned and operated by the university—and a number of national resource centers , including the center for middle eastern studies .
tamara de lempicka was a famous artist born in warsaw .
lower doses of anti-inflammatory drugs are often used in conjunction with cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs such as methotrexate or azathioprine .
the state of victoria was divided into eight electorates with each electorate represented by five representatives elected by single transferable vote .
roughly contemporaneous with maududi was the founding of the muslim brotherhood in ismailiyah , egypt in 1928 by hassan al banna .
in the uk , a report for a house of lords committee asked to urge the ipcc to involve better assessments of costs and benefits of climate change but the stern review ordered by the uk government made a stronger argument in favor to combat human-made climate change .
and resurrection , all of which were renewed ; however , that season saw the cancellations of holdovers the neighbors ( which languished in its new friday time slot despite being bookended by last man standing and shark tank ) and suburgatory .
the 1973 oil crisis began in october 1973 when the members of the organization of arab petroleum exporting countries ( oapec , consisting of the arab members of opec plus egypt and syria ) proclaimed an oil embargo .
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall .
likewise the tower above the main entrance has an open work crown surmounted by a statue of fame , a feature of late gothic architecture and a feature common in scotland , but the detail is classical .
as such , the current high level of population has a large impact on this as well . if ( as wwf argued ) , population levels would start to drop to a sustainable level ( 1/3 of current levels , so about 2 billion people ) , human inequality can be addressed/corrected , while still not resulting in an increase of environmental damage .
bskyb utilises the videoguard pay-tv scrambling system owned by nds , a cisco systems company .
though not always emphasized or appreciated in the anglican churches of their day , their teaching emphasized salvation by god 's grace , acquired through faith in christ .
the primary companions of the ninth and tenth doctors were rose tyler ( billie piper ) , martha jones ( freema agyeman ) , and donna noble ( catherine tate ) with mickey smith ( noel clarke ) and jack harkness ( john barrowman ) recurring as secondary companion figures .
air did not play a role in phlogiston theory , nor were any initial quantitative experiments conducted to test the idea ; instead , it was based on observations of what happens when something burns , that most common objects appear to become lighter and seem to lose something in the process .
confucius 's descendants in quzhou alone number 30,000. during the yuan dynasty , one of confucius ' descendants moved from china to goryeo era korea and established a branch of the family there after marrying a korean woman .
this is becoming known as the advanced steam movement .
chinese physicians opposed western medicine because its humoral system contradicted the yin-yang and wuxing philosophy underlying traditional chinese medicine .
it has a six-person board appointed by the european council , on the council 's recommendation .
this led to the transfer to the museum of the school of design that had been founded in 1837 at somerset house ; after the transfer it was referred to as the art school or art training school , later to become the royal college of art which finally achieved full independence in 1949. from the 1860s to the 1880s the scientific collections had been moved from the main museum site to various improvised galleries to the west of exhibition road .
doctor who has been satirised and spoofed on many occasions by comedians including spike milligan ( a dalek invades his bathroom — milligan , naked , hurls a soap sponge at it ) and lenny henry .
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats .
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations .
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes .
wembly examined the body and ruled that the cause of death had been coronary thrombosis .
the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the middle east , across all sectors , job types and levels of experience , is £42,090 , compared to £26,719 in the uk .
the name rijn , from here on , is used only for smaller streams farther to the north , which together formed the main river rhine in roman times .
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
in typical geological investigations , geologists use primary information related to petrology ( the study of rocks ) , stratigraphy ( the study of sedimentary layers ) , and structural geology ( the study of positions of rock units and their deformation ) .
nearly all of france 's colonies gained independence by 1960 , but france retained great financial and diplomatic influence .
this included many old episodes of doctor who , mostly stories featuring the first two doctors : william hartnell and patrick troughton .
in 1973 , nixon named william e. simon as the first administrator of the federal energy office , a short-term organization created to coordinate the response to the embargo .
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line .
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 .
a method to lessen the magnitude of this heating and cooling was invented in 1804 by british engineer arthur woolf , who patented his woolf high-pressure compound engine in 1805. in the compound engine , high-pressure steam from the boiler expands in a high-pressure ( hp ) cylinder and then enters one or more subsequent lower-pressure ( lp ) cylinders .
using handheld gps devices and programs like google earth , members of the trio tribe , who live in the rainforests of southern suriname , map out their ancestral lands to help strengthen their territorial claims .
this document , the guanabara confession of faith , became the first protestant confession of faith in the whole of the americas .
2002 saw the debut of the network 's first hit reality series , the bachelor ( the elimination-style dating show 's success led to a spinoff , the bachelorette , which premiered the following year , as well as two additional spinoffs that later debuted in the early 2010s ) .
other bacteria generate surface proteins that bind to antibodies , rendering them ineffective ; examples include streptococcus ( protein g ) , staphylococcus aureus ( protein a ) , and peptostreptococcus magnus ( protein l ) .
as they build phase 1 , they design phase 2. this is in contrast to a design-bid-build contract , where the project is completely designed by the owner , then bid on , then completed .
here , personal success is a student 's internal goal of improving himself , whereas academic success includes the goals he receives from his superior .
kennedy was circumspect in his response to the news , refusing to make a commitment on america 's response to the soviets .
there are also several lakes in warsaw – mainly the oxbow lakes , like czerniaków lake , the lakes in the łazienki or wilanów parks , kamionek lake .
on november 22 , japan issued a statement " asserting that israel should withdraw from all of the 1967 territories , advocating palestinian self-determination , and threatening to reconsider its policy toward israel if israel refused to accept these preconditions " .
in 1939 , c. 1,300,000 people lived in warsaw , but in 1945 – only 420,000. during the first years after the war , the population growth was c. 6 % , so shortly the city started to suffer from the lack of flats and of areas for new houses .
the use of remote sensing for the conservation of the amazon is also being used by the indigenous tribes of the basin to protect their tribal lands from commercial interests .
his father , milutin tesla , was a serbian orthodox priest .
socialists attribute the vast disparities in wealth to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners , creating a situation where a small portion of the population lives off unearned property income by virtue of ownership titles in capital equipment , financial assets and corporate stock .
that year , abc and hearst reached an agreement with rca to merge arts and competing arts service , the entertainment channel , into a single cable channel called arts & entertainment television ( a & e ) ; the new channel subsequently leased a separate satellite transponder , ending its sharing agreement with nickelodeon to become a 24-hour service .
modern scholars refer to the alleged policy of encouraging trade and communication as the pax mongolica ( mongol peace ) .
the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences is to elect and appoint bishops , the chief administrators of the church .
however , the interstate trunk routes , as well as a number of branch lines in the west of the state have been converted to 1,435 mm ( 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in ) standard gauge .
because of the failure to explain the deamination gradient as well as the numerous plant species that have been shown to have circular cpdna , the predominant theory continues to hold that most cpdna is circular and most likely replicates via a d loop mechanism .
greater london has over 900,000 muslims , ( most of south asian origins and concentrated in the east london boroughs of newham , tower hamlets and waltham forest ) , and among them are some with a strong islamist outlook .
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . "
like most legislative bodies , the city council divides itself into committees which have the oversight of various functions of the city government .
the fact that chloroplasts are surrounded by a double membrane is often cited as evidence that they are the descendants of endosymbiotic cyanobacteria .
[ ... ] for reason is the greatest enemy that faith has ; it never comes to the aid of spiritual things . "
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 .
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere .
in september 1967 , mueller approved a sequence of mission types which had to be successfully accomplished in order to achieve the manned lunar landing .
maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party in 1941 and remained its leader until 1972. however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising .
terra preta ( black earth ) , which is distributed over large areas in the amazon forest , is now widely accepted as a product of indigenous soil management .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
... but when works are so completely cut away – and that must mean that faith alone justifies – whoever would speak plainly and clearly about this cutting away of works will have to say , 'faith alone justifies us , and not works ' . "
economist simon kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development .
commissioners have sometimes been found to have abused their offices , particularly since the santer commission was censured by parliament in 1999 , and it eventually resigned due to corruption allegations .
newcastle was one of the first cities in the world to be lit up by electric lighting .
these tandem effects result ultimately in the conservation of mechanical energy since the work done on the load is the same no matter how complicated the machine .
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
tesla advised adams that a two-phased system would be the most reliable and that there was a westinghouse system to light incandescent bulbs using two-phase alternating current .
as residential construction ( as well as all other types of construction ) can generate a lot of waste , careful planning again is needed here .
those pharmacists are often referred to as clinical pharmacists and they often specialize in various disciplines of pharmacy .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
the average household size was 3.07. there were 111,529 families ( 70.4 % of all households ) ; the average family size was 3.62 .
the sinclair broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations by numerical total , owning or providing services to 28 abc affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates ; sinclair owns the largest abc subchannel affiliate by market size , wabm-dt2/wdbb-dt2 in the birmingham market , which serve as repeaters of wbma-ld ( the largest low-power " big four " affiliate by market size , which itself is also simulcast on a subchannel of former wbma satellite wgww , owned by sinclair partner company howard stirk holdings ) .
another factor in the early 1990s that worked to radicalize the islamist movement was the gulf war , which brought several hundred thousand us and allied non-muslim military personnel to saudi arabian soil to put an end to saddam hussein 's occupation of kuwait .
bacteria often overcome physical barriers by secreting enzymes that digest the barrier , for example , by using a type ii secretion system .
more than 1 million people are expected to attend the festivities in san francisco during super bowl week .
since september 2004 , the official home of the scottish parliament has been a new scottish parliament building , in the holyrood area of edinburgh .
the best-known legend , by artur oppman , is that long ago two of triton 's daughters set out on a journey through the depths of the oceans and seas .
later , in 1901 , oxyacetylene welding was demonstrated for the first time by burning a mixture of acetylene and compressed o 2. this method of welding and cutting metal later became common .
hillerbrand writes that there is nevertheless an undercurrent of challenge in several of the theses , particularly in thesis 86 , which asks : " why does the pope , whose wealth today is greater than the wealth of the richest crassus , build the basilica of st. peter with the money of poor believers rather than with his own money ? "
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams .
because of their soft , gelatinous bodies , ctenophores are extremely rare as fossils , and fossils that have been interpreted as ctenophores have been found only in lagerstätten , places where the environment was exceptionally suited to preservation of soft tissue .
roman catholic theology stated that faith alone , whether fiduciary or dogmatic , can not justify man ; justification rather depends only on such faith as is active in charity and good works ( fides caritate formata ) .
in the late 19th century , the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing 'system ' was used on some marine triple expansion engines .
the party with the highest quotient is awarded the seat , which is then added to its constituency seats in allocating the second seat .
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war .
meanwhile , grumman was also encountering problems with the lunar module , eliminating hopes it would be ready for manned flight in 1967 , not long after the first manned csm flights .
johnson 's advance stopped at fort william henry , and the french withdrew to ticonderoga point , where they began the construction of fort carillon ( later renamed fort ticonderoga after british capture in 1759 ) .
victoria is australia 's most densely populated state and its second-most populous state overall .
according to legend , genghis khan even went so far as to divert a river through the khwarezmid emperor 's birthplace , erasing it from the map .
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971. as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973. the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over and continued to play the character until doctor who 's hiatus in 1989. the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts .
the city 's other mainline station , manors , is to the east of the city centre .
the combined wealth of the " 10 million dollar millionaires " grew to nearly $ 41 trillion in 2008. a january 2014 report by oxfam claims that the 85 wealthiest individuals in the world have a combined wealth equal to that of the bottom 50 % of the world 's population , or about 3.5 billion people .
teachers have the option to teach for a public school which is funded by the provincial government or teaching in a private school which is funded by the private sector , businesses and sponsors .
although at least three pads were planned , only two , designated a and b , were completed in october 1965. the loc also included an operations and checkout building ( ocb ) to which gemini and apollo spacecraft were initially received prior to being mated to their launch vehicles .
the official opening by queen victoria was on 22 june 1857. in the following year , late night openings were introduced , made possible by the use of gas lighting .
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates .
in the u.s. federal health care system ( including the va , the indian health service , and nih ) ambulatory care pharmacists are given full independent prescribing authority .
he died in 1227 after defeating the western xia .
the center in paris , a campus located on the left bank of the seine in paris , hosts various undergraduate and graduate study programs .
the letters are strongly reminiscent of the bauhaus typeface designed by herbert bayer in the 1920s , but also share similarities with several other fonts , such as itc avant garde and horatio , and most closely resembling chalet .
one of the largest items is the hereford screen , weighing nearly 8 tonnes , 10.5 metres high and 11 metres wide , designed by sir george gilbert scott in 1862 for the chancel in hereford cathedral , from which it was removed in 1967. it was made by skidmore & company .
for the conservatives , the main disappointment was the loss of edinburgh pentlands , the seat of former party leader david mcletchie , to the snp .
notably , in 2013 , john hurt guest-starred as a hitherto unknown incarnation of the doctor known as the war doctor in the run-up to the show 's 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " .
he believed early on that damage to the skin was not caused by the roentgen rays , but by the ozone generated in contact with the skin , and to a lesser extent , by nitrous acid .
the eleventh doctor became the first to travel with a married couple , amy pond ( karen gillan ) and rory williams ( arthur darvill ) , whilst out-of-sync meetings with river song ( alex kingston ) and clara oswald ( jenna coleman ) provided ongoing story arcs .
in middle age , tesla became a close friend of mark twain ; they spent a lot of time together in his lab and elsewhere .
nevertheless , there have been serious allegations of human rights violations , most recently while conducting counter-insurgency operations in the mt elgon area and also in the district of mandera central .
luther came to understand justification as entirely the work of god .
closely related fields in theoretical computer science are analysis of algorithms and computability theory .
to the south and with a population of 1,307,402 is san diego , the second most populous city in the state and the eighth most populous in the nation .
when two forces act on a point particle , the resulting force , the resultant ( also called the net force ) , can be determined by following the parallelogram rule of vector addition : the addition of two vectors represented by sides of a parallelogram , gives an equivalent resultant vector that is equal in magnitude and direction to the transversal of the parallelogram .
if graph isomorphism is np-complete , the polynomial time hierarchy collapses to its second level .
southern california is also home to the port of los angeles , the united states ' busiest commercial port ; the adjacent port of long beach , the united states ' second busiest container port ; and the port of san diego .
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey .
the television network has eight owned-and-operated and over 232 affiliated television stations throughout the united states and its territories .
during the following years , a magnetic tape shortage prompted nasa to remove massive numbers of magnetic tapes from the national archives and records administration to be recorded over with newer satellite data .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
when they were first observed in 1962 , some plant biologists dismissed the structures as artifactual , claiming that stromules were just oddly shaped chloroplasts with constricted regions or dividing chloroplasts .
in 1900 , the los angeles times defined southern california as including " the seven counties of los angeles , san bernardino , orange , riverside , san diego , ventura and santa barbara . "
preschool , which targets children from age three to five , is an integral component of the education system and is a key requirement for admission to standard one ( first grade ) .
others migrated to places like saint-domingue , and fled to new orleans after the haitian revolution .
this means , legislation can be blocked by a majority in parliament , a minority in the council , and a majority in the commission : it is harder to change eu law than stay the same .
other important complexity classes include bpp , zpp and rp , which are defined using probabilistic turing machines ; ac and nc , which are defined using boolean circuits ; and bqp and qma , which are defined using quantum turing machines .
in august 1227 , during the fall of yinchuan , the capital of western xia , genghis khan died .
nikola credited his eidetic memory and creative abilities to his mother 's genetics and influence .
the organisation is required to comply with the financial regulations and rules of the wmo .
professional skateboarder tony hawk , professional surfers rob machado , tim curran , bobby martinez , pat o'connell , dane reynolds , and chris ward , and professional snowboarder shaun white live in southern california .
by far the most famous work of norman art is the bayeux tapestry , which is not a tapestry but a work of embroidery .
between 1991 and 2000 , the total area of forest lost in the amazon rose from 415,000 to 587,000 square kilometres ( 160,000 to 227,000 sq mi ) , with most of the lost forest becoming pasture for cattle .
in the early 1950s , student applications declined as a result of increasing crime and poverty in the hyde park neighborhood .
according to politifact the top 400 richest americans " have more wealth than half of all americans combined . "
the concept of inertia can be further generalized to explain the tendency of objects to continue in many different forms of constant motion , even those that are not strictly constant velocity .
the plowshares organization temporarily closed gcsb waihopai by padlocking the gates and using sickles to deflate one of the large domes covering two satellite dishes .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
in a famous case , the belgian football association v bosman , a belgian footballer named jean-marc bosman claimed that he should be able to transfer from r.f.c .
for instance , the time hierarchy theorem tells us that p is strictly contained in exptime , and the space hierarchy theorem tells us that l is strictly contained in pspace .
in 1545 and 1546 luther preached three times in the market church in halle , staying with his friend justus jonas during christmas .
if angiosperm shoots are not exposed to the required light for chloroplast formation , proplastids may develop into an etioplast stage before becoming chloroplasts .
this means that it takes energy to pack them together .
for instance , the biggest school chain , kunskapsskolan ( “ the knowledge school ” ) , offers 30 schools and a web-based environment , has 700 employees and teaches nearly 10,000 pupils .
he even lost control of the patents he had generated since he had assigned them to the company in lieu of stock .
it played a significant role in spreading awareness of , and access to , national networking and was a major milestone on the path to development of the global internet .
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum .
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york .
however , he concedes that the effect of trade on inequality in america is minor when compared to other causes , such as technological innovation , a view shared by other experts .
one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air was conducted by the 2nd century bce greek writer on mechanics , philo of byzantium .
the old truman brewery , then known as the black eagle brewery , was founded in 1724. the flight of huguenot refugees from tours , france drew off most of the workers of its great silk mills which they had built .
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow .
legally , only non-profit trusts and societies can run schools in india .
one in five of all the bird species in the world live in the rainforests of the amazon , and one in five of the fish species live in amazonian rivers and streams .
the main response of the immune system to tumors is to destroy the abnormal cells using killer t cells , sometimes with the assistance of helper t cells .
following evaluation of bids , the owner typically awards a contract to the most cost efficient bidder .
in addition to using 30 % less steam , it provided more uniform speed due to variable steam cut off , making it well suited to manufacturing , especially cotton spinning .
scientists have described between 96,660 and 128,843 invertebrate species in brazil alone .
the sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental united states and the grand canyon in the southwestern united states contain almost-undeformed stacks of sedimentary rocks that have remained in place since cambrian time .
the 1983 20th anniversary special the five doctors had its début on 23 november ( the actual date of the anniversary ) on a number of pbs stations two days prior to its bbc one broadcast .
accepted general principles of european union law include fundamental rights ( see human rights ) , proportionality , legal certainty , equality before the law and subsidiarity .
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285. thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307. temür khan decided to maintain and continue much of the work begun by his grandfather .
on august 15 , 2008 , disney denied rumors started by caris & co. that it would be selling the ten abc owned-and-operated stations .
among the most important classes of organic compounds that contain oxygen are ( where " r " is an organic group ) : alcohols ( r-oh ) ; ethers ( r-o-r ) ; ketones ( r-co-r ) ; aldehydes ( r-co-h ) ; carboxylic acids ( r-cooh ) ; esters ( r-coo-r ) ; acid anhydrides ( r-co-o-co-r ) ; and amides ( r-c ( o ) -nr 2 ) .
on 8 february 2007 , bskyb announced its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels .
he often accompanied the sung hymns with a lute , later recreated as the waldzither that became a national instrument of germany in the 20th century .
the licensed local pastor has the authority of a pastor only within the context and during the time of the appointment and shall not extend beyond it .
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states .
he seemed to be a quick student , adopting new technologies and ideas that he encountered , such as siege warfare from the chinese .
it in turn evolved into modern english .
luther 's concern thus in separating them is honoring their different epistemological spheres .
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals .
there have also been many references to doctor who in popular culture and other science fiction , including star trek : the next generation ( " the neutral zone " ) and leverage .
developing countries with high inequality have " succeeded in initiating growth at high rates for a few years " but " longer growth spells are robustly associated with more equality in the income distribution . "
on hearing the finished result , grainer asked , " did i write that ?
oxygen is toxic to obligately anaerobic organisms , which were the dominant form of early life on earth until o 2 began to accumulate in the atmosphere about 2.5 billion years ago during the great oxygenation event , about a billion years after the first appearance of these organisms .
in his theses and disputations against the antinomians , luther reviews and reaffirms , on the one hand , what has been called the " second use of the law , " that is , the law as the holy spirit 's tool to work sorrow over sin in man 's heart , thus preparing him for christ 's fulfillment of the law offered in the gospel .
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching .
a member of davies ' team ( roger scantlebury ) met lawrence roberts at the 1967 acm symposium on operating system principles and suggested it for use in the arpanet .
by contrast , the court of justice held that ultimately the treaty of rome in no way prevented energy nationalisation , and in any case under the treaty provisions only the commission could have brought a claim , not mr costa .
euplokamis ' tentilla have three types of movement that are used in capturing prey : they may flick out very quickly ( in 40 to 60 milliseconds ) ; they can wriggle , which may lure prey by behaving like small planktonic worms ; and they coil round prey .
teu article 16 ( 4 ) and tfeu article 238 ( 3 ) define this to mean at least 55 per cent of the council members ( not votes ) representing 65 per cent of the population of the eu : currently this means around 74 per cent , or 260 of the 352 votes .
all of the u. s. flags left on the moon during the apollo missions were found to still be standing , with the exception of the one left during the apollo 11 mission , which was blown over during that mission 's lift-off from the lunar surface and return to the mission command module in lunar orbit ; the degree to which these flags retain their original colors remains unknown .
during detention , students normally have to sit in a classroom and do work , write lines or a punishment essay , or sit quietly .
unfortunately , he arrived too late to enroll at charles-ferdinand university ; he never studied greek , a required subject ; and he was illiterate in czech , another required subject .
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary .
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces .
however , there are some in the united methodist church who feel that false ecumenism might result in the " blurring of theological and confessional differences in the interests of unity . "
in a similar manner , the character of oliver on coupling ( created and written by current show runner steven moffat ) is portrayed as a doctor who collector and enthusiast .
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor .
he received congratulatory letters from more than 70 pioneers in science and engineering , including albert einstein .
recent findings near lake turkana indicate that hominids such as homo habilis ( 1.8 and 2.5 million years ago ) and homo erectus ( 1.8 million to 350,000 years ago ) are possible direct ancestors of modern homo sapiens , and lived in kenya in the pleistocene epoch .
amazonian evergreen forests account for about 10 % of the world 's terrestrial primary productivity and 10 % of the carbon stores in ecosystems—of the order of 1.1 × 1011 metric tonnes of carbon .
plague was reportedly first introduced to europe via genoese traders at the port city of kaffa in the crimea in 1347. after a protracted siege , during which the mongol army under jani beg was suffering from the disease , the army catapulted the infected corpses over the city walls of kaffa to infect the inhabitants .
the neighborhood lies southwest of the 99 freeway ( which divides it from downtown fresno ) , west of the 41 freeway and south of nielsen ave ( or the newly constructed 180 freeway ) , and extends to the city limits to the west and south .
luther wrote " aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir " ( " from depths of woe i cry to you " ) in 1523 as a hymnic version of psalm 130 and sent it as a sample to encourage evangelical colleagues to write psalm-hymns for use in german worship .
in at least some species , juveniles are capable of reproduction before reaching the adult size and shape .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union .
an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech , and he died shortly afterwards at 2:45 a.m. on 18 february 1546 , aged 62 , in eisleben , the city of his birth .
the acme of the horizontal engine was the corliss steam engine , patented in 1849 , which was a four-valve counter flow engine with separate steam admission and exhaust valves and automatic variable steam cutoff .
this has led to outrage from child protection and parental rights groups .
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere .
all italian chocolate was made from cocoa butter alone , but british , danish and irish manufacturers used other vegetable fats .
major genghis khan statues have been erected before the parliament and near ulaanbaatar .
the university is accredited by the higher learning commission .
a job where there are many workers willing to work a large amount of time ( high supply ) competing for a job that few require ( low demand ) will result in a low wage for that job .
it was " entirely devoted to the obdurate jews , whom it was a matter of great urgency to expel from all german territory , " according to léon poliakov .
however , the university did eventually reduce its south african holdings by $ 230 million ( out of $ 400 million ) in response to the pressure .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size .
the first recorded settlement in what is now newcastle was pons aelius , a roman fort and bridge across the river tyne .
that project was entitled the factory project to reference andy warhol and to create a factory to completely digitize the collection .
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no .
one theory is that , while disobedience may be helpful , any great amount of it would undermine the law by encouraging general disobedience which is neither conscientious nor of social benefit .
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku .
in 1746 , johnson was made a colonel of the iroquois .
victoria 's total gross state product ( gsp ) is ranked second in australia , although victoria is ranked fourth in terms of gsp per capita because of its limited mining activity .
construction is one of the most dangerous occupations in the world , incurring more occupational fatalities than any other sector in both the united states and in the european union .
if they enter less dense brackish water , the ciliary rosettes in the body cavity may pump this into the mesoglea to increase its bulk and decrease its density , to avoid sinking .
in keck and mithouard two importers claimed that their prosecution under a french competition law , which prevented them selling picon beer under wholesale price , was unlawful .
the majority of the forest is contained within brazil , with 60 % of the rainforest , followed by peru with 13 % , colombia with 10 % , and with minor amounts in venezuela , ecuador , bolivia , guyana , suriname and french guiana .
the scotland act 1998 , which was passed by the parliament of the united kingdom and given royal assent by queen elizabeth ii on 19 november 1998 , governs the functions and role of the scottish parliament and delimits its legislative competence .
the river length is significantly shortened from the river 's natural course due to number of canalisation projects completed in the 19th and 20th century .
in november 1969 , gemini veteran charles " pete " conrad and rookie alan l. bean made a precision landing on apollo 12 within walking distance of the surveyor 3 unmanned lunar probe , which had landed in april 1967 on the ocean of storms .
reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation .
the modern bubonic plague has a mortality rate of 30–75 % and symptoms including fever of 38–41 °c ( 100–106 °f ) , headaches , painful aching joints , nausea and vomiting , and a general feeling of malaise .
several prominent german military , cultural , and political figures were ethnic huguenot , including poet theodor fontane , general hermann von françois , the hero of the first world war battle of tannenberg , luftwaffe general and fighter ace adolf galland , luftwaffe flying ace hans-joachim marseille , and famed u-boat captain lothar von arnauld de la perière .
in the 2012 spring quarter , international students comprised almost 19 % of the overall study body , over 26 % of students were domestic ethnic minorities , and about 44 % of enrolled students were female .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
the principle of proportionality is also recognised in article 5 of the ec treaty , stating that " any action by the community shall not go beyond what is necessary to achieve the objectives of this treaty " .
kenya won several medals during the beijing olympics , six gold , four silver and four bronze , making it africa 's most successful nation in the 2008 olympics .
as well as period rooms , the collection includes parts of buildings , for example the two top stories of the facade of sir paul pindar 's house dated c1600 from bishopsgate with elaborately carved wood work and leaded windows , a rare survivor of the great fire of london , there is a brick portal from a london house of the english restoration period and a fireplace from the gallery of northumberland house .
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms .
o2 has a bond length of 121 pm and a bond energy of 498 kj·mol−1 , which is smaller than the energy of other double bonds or pairs of single bonds in the biosphere and responsible for the exothermic reaction of o2 with any organic molecule .
instead , tesla used the money to fund his colorado springs experiments .
luther 's translation used the variant of german spoken at the saxon chancellery , intelligible to both northern and southern germans .
tesla did , however , attend lectures at the university , although , as an auditor , he did not receive grades for the courses .
many of tesla 's patents were in the united states , britain , and canada , but many other patents were approved in countries around the globe .
during this time , the lower rhine flowed roughly west through the netherlands and extended to the southwest , through the english channel and finally , to the atlantic ocean .
the rhine roughly forms the german-swiss border from lake constance with the exceptions of the canton of schaffhausen and parts of the cantons of zürich and basel-stadt , until it turns north at the so-called rhine knee at basel , leaving switzerland .
the social chapter is a chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam covering social policy issues in european union law .
teaching using pedagogy also involve assessing the educational levels of the students on particular skills .
for example , to check the primality of 37 , only three divisions are necessary ( m = 2 , 3 , and 5 ) , given that 4 and 6 are composite .
a recent molecular phylogenetics analysis concluded that the common ancestor of all modern ctenophores was cydippid-like , and that all the modern groups appeared relatively recently , probably after the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event 66 million years ago .
the proposal was sent to washington , d.c. with a strong advocate in senator milton latham .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
the first two highways successfully opened up the rainforest and led to increased settlement and deforestation .
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes .
the only story from the original series in which the doctor travels alone is the deadly assassin .
this state should be a " theo-democracy , " based on the principles of : tawhid ( unity of god ) , risala ( prophethood ) and khilafa ( caliphate ) .
this was followed by five launches of boilerplate csms ( designated as-101 through as-105 ) into orbit in 1964 and 1965. the last three of these further supported the apollo program by also carrying pegasus satellites , which verified the safety of the translunar environment by measuring the frequency and severity of micrometeorite impacts .
are prime for any natural number n. here represents the floor function , i.e. , largest integer not greater than the number in question .
in 2004 , the v & a alongside royal institute of british architects opened the first permanent gallery in the uk covering the history of architecture with displays using models , photographs , elements from buildings and original drawings .
the park is open april through october , 6am to 10pm and november through march , 6am to 7pm .
he was supposedly killed with poison by el temür , and tugh temür then remounted the throne .
though chopin was born in the village of żelazowa wola , about 60 km ( 37 mi ) from warsaw , he moved to the city with his family when he was seven months old .
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports .
the 1973 oil crisis began in october 1973 when the members of the organization of arab petroleum exporting countries ( oapec , consisting of the arab members of opec plus egypt and syria ) proclaimed an oil embargo .
in 1516 , johann tetzel , a dominican friar and papal commissioner for indulgences , was sent to germany by the roman catholic church to sell indulgences to raise money to rebuild st. peter 's basilica in rome .
to prevent such inequality , this approach believes it ’ s important to have political freedom , economic facilities , social opportunities , transparency guarantees , and protective security to ensure that people aren ’ t denied their functionings , capabilities , and agency and can thus work towards a better relevant income .
hospital pharmacies can often be found within the premises of the hospital .
the scotland act 2012 extends the devolved competencies .
with the formation of the united methodist church in 1968 , theologian albert c. outler led the team which systematized denominational doctrine .
this was the first super bowl to feature a quarterback on both teams who was the # 1 pick in their draft classes .
however , the rainforest still managed to thrive during these glacial periods , allowing for the survival and evolution of a broad diversity of species .
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game .
it describes an open-ended vacuum tube with a gas jet seal that allows particles to exit , a method of charging particles to millions of volts , and a method of creating and directing non-dispersive particle streams ( through electrostatic repulsion ) .
unarmed jews gathered in the streets to prevent the installation of pagan images in the temple in jerusalem .
in 1900 , tesla was granted patents for a " system of transmitting electrical energy " and " an electrical transmitter . "
although the soviet response to such an act would likely not involve force , intelligence warned " the american occupation would need to last 10 years as the west developed alternative energy sources , and would result in the ‘ total alienation ’ of the arabs and much of the rest of the third world . "
many devices such as the tesla coil were used in the further development of radio .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
in the river , electric eels can produce an electric shock that can stun or kill , while piranha are known to bite and injure humans .
this traditional name continues as the standard in the united states , but it obscures the fact that indians fought on both sides of the conflict , and that this was part of the seven years ' war , a much larger conflict between france and great britain .
another example was the insignificance of the ministry of war compared with native chinese dynasties , as the real military authority in yuan times resided in the privy council .
packet mode communication may be implemented with or without intermediate forwarding nodes ( packet switches or routers ) .
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach .
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force .
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) .
in marine service , ( pioneered on the turbinia ) , steam turbines with reduction gearing ( although the turbinia has direct turbines to propellers with no reduction gearbox ) dominated large ship propulsion throughout the late 20th century , being more efficient ( and requiring far less maintenance ) than reciprocating steam engines .
there are direct contractual links between the architect 's client and the main contractor .
not until 1798 was henry cavendish able to make the first measurement of using a torsion balance ; this was widely reported in the press as a measurement of the mass of the earth since knowing could allow one to solve for the earth 's mass given the above equation .
one of them decided to stay on the coast of denmark and can be seen sitting at the entrance to the port of copenhagen .
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally .
the name spread through scandinavia and then germany , gradually becoming attached to the mid 14th-century epidemic as a proper name .
the academic bodies of the university of chicago consist of the college , four divisions of graduate research and seven professional schools .
evidence accumulating since the 1980s indicates that the " cydippids " are not monophyletic , in other words do not include all and only the descendants of a single common ancestor , because all the other traditional ctenophore groups are descendants of various cydippids .
the only full-size models that did not recover were lower price models such as the chevrolet bel air , and ford galaxie 500. slightly smaller , mid-size models such as the oldsmobile cutlass , chevrolet monte carlo , ford thunderbird and various other models sold well .
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction .
for the third straight season , the number one seeds from both conferences met in the super bowl .
after petitioning the british crown in 1697 for the right to own land in the baronies , they prospered as slave owners on the cooper , ashepoo , ashley and santee river plantations they purchased from the british landgrave edmund bellinger .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
the script was written by steven moffat , later to be head writer and executive producer to the revived series .
the v & a is located in the brompton district of the royal borough of kensington and chelsea , in an area that has become known as " albertopolis " because of its association with prince albert , the albert memorial and the major cultural institutions with which he was associated .
in some groups , such as the flat , bottom-dwelling platyctenids , the juveniles behave more like true larvae , as they live among the plankton and thus occupy a different ecological niche from their parents and attain the adult form by a more radical metamorphosis , after dropping to the sea-floor .
the various parts were built up using musique concrète techniques , by creating tape loops of an individually struck piano string and individual test oscillators and filters .
the unproven riemann hypothesis , dating from 1859 , states that except for s = −2 , −4 , ... , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 .
daniel burke departed from capital cities/abc in february 1994 , with thomas murphy taking over as president before ceding control to robert iger .
many of the series featured during the run of the block were produced by miller-boyett productions , a warner bros.-based studio that briefly programmed the entire friday lineup during the 1990–91 season ( with going places joining family matters , full house and perfect strangers on the " tgif " schedule ) and through its development deal with paramount television prior to 1986 ( as miller-milkis , and later , miller-milkis-boyett productions ) , had earlier produced happy days and its various spinoffs among other series for the network .
parallel spins ) the spatial variables must be antisymmetric ( i.e .
the committee recommended that the 7–4–2–3 system be changed to an 8–4–4 system ( eight years in primary , four years in secondary , and four years in university education ) .
dating of lava and volcanic ash layers found within a stratigraphic sequence can provide absolute age data for sedimentary rock units which do not contain radioactive isotopes and calibrate relative dating techniques .
it was founded by former arpa ipto director larry roberts as a means of making arpanet technology public .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin .
luther 's hymn , adapted and expanded from an earlier german creedal hymn , gained widespread use in vernacular lutheran liturgies as early as 1525. sixteenth-century lutheran hymnals also included " wir glauben all " among the catechetical hymns , although 18th-century hymnals tended to label the hymn as trinitarian rather than catechetical , and 20th-century lutherans rarely use the hymn because of the perceived difficulty of its tune .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
the nickname may have been a combined reference to the swiss politician besançon hugues ( died 1532 ) and the religiously conflicted nature of swiss republicanism in his time , using a clever derogatory pun on the name hugues by way of the dutch word huisgenoten ( literally housemates ) , referring to the connotations of a somewhat related word in german eidgenosse ( confederates as in " a citizen of one of the states of the swiss confederacy " ) .
many chinese miners worked in victoria , and their legacy is particularly strong in bendigo and its environs .
masking antigens with host molecules is another common strategy for avoiding detection by the immune system .
to celebrate the 40th anniversary in 2003 , an audio drama titled zagreus featuring paul mcgann , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and peter davison was released with additional archive recordings of jon pertwee .
in 2009 , doctor who was voted the 3rd greatest show of the 2000s by channel 4 , behind top gear and the apprentice .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
dna becomes susceptible to deamination events when it is single stranded .
cbs introduced new features during the telecast , including pylon cameras and microphones along with eyevision 360—an array of 36 cameras along the upper deck that can be used to provide a 360-degree view of plays and " bullet time " effects .
from italy , the disease spread northwest across europe , striking france , spain , portugal and england by june 1348 , then turned and spread east through germany and scandinavia from 1348 to 1350. it was introduced in norway in 1349 when a ship landed at askøy , then spread to bjørgvin ( modern bergen ) and iceland .
in september 1971 , opec issued a joint communiqué stating that , from then on , they would price oil in terms of a fixed amount of gold .
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers .
in some countries , formal education can take place through home schooling .
as abc began to outgrow its facilities at 7 west 66th street , goldenson found a new headquarters for abc in a 44 story building located at 1330 avenue of the americas in manhattan , at the corner of 54th street ( now occupied by the financial times 's new york office ) .
meanwhile , denver 's offense was kept out of the end zone for three plays , but a holding penalty on cornerback josh norman gave the broncos a new set of downs .
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices .
in some rural areas in the united kingdom , there are dispensing physicians who are allowed to both prescribe and dispense prescription-only medicines to their patients from within their practices .
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages .
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas .
as a time lord , the doctor has the ability to regenerate when his body is mortally damaged , taking on a new appearance and personality .
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces .
trespassing at a nuclear-missile installation ) ... such acts are often just a harassment and , at least to the bystander , somewhat inane ... the remoteness of the connection between the disobedient act and the objectionable law lays such acts open to the charge of ineffectiveness and absurdity . "
folklore says that a river was diverted over his grave to make it impossible to find ( the same manner of burial as the sumerian king gilgamesh of uruk and atilla the hun ) .
carolina 's secondary featured pro bowl safety kurt coleman , who led the team with a career high seven interceptions , while also racking up 88 tackles and pro bowl cornerback josh norman , who developed into a shutdown corner during the season and had four interceptions , two of which were returned for touchdowns .
in the sandgate area , to the east of the city and beside the river , resided the close-knit community of keelmen and their families .
an islamist movement influenced by salafism and the jihad in afghanistan , as well as the muslim brotherhood , was the fis or front islamique de salut ( the islamic salvation front ) in algeria .
however , even in this case , bskyb does not carry any control over the channel 's content or carriage issues such as picture quality .
to derive equal work from lower-pressure steam requires a larger cylinder volume as this steam occupies a greater volume .
the mill volvo tyne theatre hosts smaller touring productions , whilst other venues feature local talent .
japanese imports became mass-market leaders with unibody construction and front-wheel drive , which became de facto standards .
modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes , probabilistic ( or " monte carlo " ) and deterministic algorithms .
as such the law officers may attend and speak in the plenary meetings of the parliament but , as they are not elected msps , can not vote .
kublai returned from fighting the song in 1260 when he learned that his brother , ariq böke , was challenging his claim to the throne .
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " .
to the east is the colorado desert and the colorado river at the border with arizona , and the mojave desert at the border with the state of nevada .
this process reduces the efficiency of photosynthesis—it consumes atp and oxygen , releases co2 , and produces no sugar .
for the next three hundred years , scotland was directly governed by the parliament of great britain and the subsequent parliament of the united kingdom , both seated at westminster , and the lack of a parliament of scotland remained an important element in scottish national identity .
at that time , it did not yet carry discharge from the alps ; instead , the watersheds of the rhone and danube drained the northern flanks of the alps .
a fundamental error was the belief that a force is required to maintain motion , even at a constant velocity .
there is criticism that american energy policies since the crisis have been dominated by crisis-mentality thinking , promoting expensive quick fixes and single-shot solutions that ignore market and technology realities .
during his reign , the da yuan tong zhi ( chinese : 大元通制 , " the comprehensive institutions of the great yuan " ) , a huge collection of codes and regulations of the yuan dynasty begun by his father , was formally promulgated .
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes .
the united methodist church opposes conscription as incompatible with the teaching of scripture .
politically , victoria has 37 seats in the australian house of representatives and 12 seats in the australian senate .
kenya has been a dominant force in women 's volleyball within africa , with both the clubs and the national team winning various continental championships in the past decade .
the confederation of the rhine was established by napoleon , as a french client state , in 1806 and lasted until 1814 , during which time it served as a significant source of resources and military manpower for the first french empire .
the situation in new france was further exacerbated by a poor harvest in 1757 , a difficult winter , and the allegedly corrupt machinations of françois bigot , the intendant of the territory .
long integrated into australian society , it is encouraged by the huguenot society of australia to embrace and conserve its cultural heritage , aided by the society 's genealogical research services .
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine .
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion .
on 12 january , two thousand people attended a state funeral for tesla at the cathedral of saint john the divine .
over the next five years , tesla wrote over 50 letters to morgan , pleading for and demanding additional funding to complete the construction of wardenclyffe .
for this reason , complexity theory addresses computational problems and not particular problem instances .
a u.s. census 's report stated that in us once other factors are accounted for there is still a difference in earnings between women and men .
the phrase " hiding behind ( or 'watching from behind ' ) the sofa " entered british pop culture , signifying in humour the stereotypical early-series behaviour of children who wanted to avoid seeing frightening parts of a television programme while remaining in the room to watch the remainder of it .
when considering computational problems , a problem instance is a string over an alphabet .
in the fall of 1937 , after midnight one night , tesla left the hotel new yorker to make his regular commute to the cathedral and the library to feed the pigeons .
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) .
of the original 390 settlers in the isolated settlement , many had died ; others lived outside town on farms in the english style ; and others moved to different areas .
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005. in this latter gallery stained glass is displayed alongside silverware starting in the 12th century and continuing to the present .
the first huguenot to arrive at the cape of good hope was however maria de la queillerie , wife of commander jan van riebeeck ( and daughter of a walloon church minister ) , who arrived on 6 april 1652 to establish a settlement at what is today cape town .
in honor of the occasion , then-mayor hans tanzler posed with actress lee meredith behind a sign marking the new border of the " bold new city of the south " at florida 13 and julington creek .
in the virtual call system , the network guarantees sequenced delivery of data to the host .
from their original homelands in scandinavia and northern europe , germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western europe in the middle period of classical antiquity ; southern europe in late antiquity , conquering celtic and other peoples ; and by 800 ce , forming the holy roman empire , the first german empire .
once mutual 's appeals against the fcc were rejected , rca decided to sell nbc blue in 1941 , and gave the mandate to do so to mark woods .
andrew lortie ( born andré lortie ) , a leading huguenot theologian and writer who led the exiled community in london , became known for articulating their criticism of the pope and the doctrine of transubstantiation during mass .
inflammation is produced by eicosanoids and cytokines , which are released by injured or infected cells .
any knot can be uniquely expressed as a connected sum of prime knots .
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere .
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections .
college sports are also popular in southern california .
johannes wallmann argues that luther 's writings against the jews were largely ignored in the 18th and 19th centuries , and that there was no continuity between luther 's thought and nazi ideology .
the daleks are kaleds from the planet skaro , mutated by the scientist davros and housed in mechanical armour shells for mobility .
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 142 pounds ( 64 kg ) , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926.:292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities .
liquid oxygen is attracted to a magnet to a sufficient extent that , in laboratory demonstrations , a bridge of liquid oxygen may be supported against its own weight between the poles of a powerful magnet .
harvard was formed in 1636 by vote of the great and general court of the massachusetts bay colony .
by contrast to the ecj 's relaxed approach , a committee of independent experts found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had ‘ even the slightest sense of responsibility ’ .
they suggested a range of new organizational options , from tightening the selection of lead authors and contributors , to dumping it in favor of a small permanent body , or even turning the whole climate science assessment process into a moderated " living " wikipedia-ipcc .
accelerations can be defined through kinematic measurements .
in 2004 , declassified documents revealed that the u.s. was so distraught by the rise in oil prices and being challenged by under-developed countries that they briefly considered military action to forcibly seize middle eastern oilfields in late 1973. although no explicit plan was mentioned , a conversation between u.s. secretary of defense james schlesinger and british ambassador to the united states lord cromer revealed schlesinger had told him that " it was no longer obvious to him that the u.s. could not use force . "
a 2013 report on nigeria suggests that growth has risen with increased income inequality .
chloroplasts , like mitochondria , contain their own dna , which is thought to be inherited from their ancestor—a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell .
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event .
although most are non-aligned , some of the best known independent schools also belong to the large , long-established religious foundations , such as the anglican church , uniting church and presbyterian church , but in most cases , they do not insist on their students ’ religious allegiance .
the capture of warũhiũ itote ( aka general china ) on 15 january 1954 and the subsequent interrogation led to a better understanding of the mau mau command structure .
the collection includes the earliest known piece of english silver with a dated hallmark , a silver gilt beaker dated 1496–97 .
the programme is listed in guinness world records as the longest-running science fiction television show in the world , the " most successful " science fiction series of all time—based on its over-all broadcast ratings , dvd and book sales , and itunes traffic— and for the largest ever simulcast of a tv drama with its 50th anniversary special .
rhodoplasts have chlorophyll a and phycobilins for photosynthetic pigments ; the phycobilin phycoerytherin is responsible for giving many red algae their distinctive red color .
these plasma waves can occur in force-free magnetic fields .
british victories continued in all theaters in the annus mirabilis of 1759 , when they finally captured ticonderoga , james wolfe defeated montcalm at quebec ( in a battle that claimed the lives of both commanders ) , and victory at fort niagara successfully cut off the french frontier forts further to the west and south .
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks .
β-carotene is a bright red-orange carotenoid found in nearly all chloroplasts , like chlorophyll a. xanthophylls , especially the orange-red zeaxanthin , are also common .
in india , private schools are called independent schools , but since some private schools receive financial aid from the government , it can be an aided or an unaided school .
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters .
on tesla 's 75th birthday in 1931 , time magazine put him on its cover .
in economics , the university has played an important role in shaping ideas about the free market and is the namesake of the chicago school of economics , the school of economic thought supported by milton friedman and other economists .
in one of the richest agricultural regions in the u.s. , cattle and citrus were major industries until farmlands were turned into suburbs .
the g mission was achieved on apollo 11 in july 1969 by an all-gemini veteran crew consisting of neil armstrong , michael collins and buzz aldrin .
the historian francis aidan gasquet wrote about the 'great pestilence ' in 1893 and suggested that " it would appear to be some form of the ordinary eastern or bubonic plague " .
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity .
during his stay at wartburg , which he referred to as " my patmos " , luther translated the new testament from greek into german and poured out doctrinal and polemical writings .
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) .
this law also exists in austria for general physicians if the nearest pharmacy is more than 4 kilometers away , or where none is registered in the city .
the very first fresno television station to begin broadcasting was kmj-tv , which debuted on june 1 , 1953. kmj is now known as nbc affiliate ksee .
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
in ten years the population of victoria increased sevenfold from 76,000 to 540,000. all sorts of gold records were produced including the " richest shallow alluvial goldfield in the world " and the largest gold nugget .
the earlier they surrendered to the mongols , the higher they were placed , the more the held out , the lower they were ranked .
public schools , also known as state or government schools , are funded and run directly by the victoria department of education .
kenya is a presidential representative democratic republic .
sherwood boehlert , chairman of the house science committee , said this was a " misguided and illegitimate investigation " apparently aimed at intimidating scientists , and at his request the u.s. national academy of sciences arranged for its national research council to set up a special investigation .
the snp took 16 seats from labour , with many of their key figures not returned to parliament , although labour leader iain gray retained east lothian by 151 votes .
due to its central location between the polish–lithuanian commonwealth 's capitals of kraków and vilnius , warsaw became the capital of the commonwealth and of the crown of the kingdom of poland when king sigismund iii vasa moved his court from kraków to warsaw in 1596. after the third partition of poland in 1795 , warsaw was incorporated into the kingdom of prussia .
all matters that are not specifically reserved are automatically devolved to the scottish parliament .
in december 2014 , president uhuru kenyatta signed a security laws amendment bill , which supporters of the law suggested was necessary to guard against armed groups .
a teacher who teaches on an individual basis may be described as a tutor .
although deforestation has declined significantly in the brazilian amazon between 2004 and 2014 , there has been an increase to the present day .
for this reason , those with experience in the field make detailed plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome .
in most countries , the dispensary is subject to pharmacy legislation ; with requirements for storage conditions , compulsory texts , equipment , etc. , specified in legislation .
the show 's premise is that this is a life process of time lords through which the character of the doctor takes on a new body and , to some extent , new personality , which occurs after sustaining an injury which would be fatal to most other species .
once successfully completed , " provisional registration " is given by the gtcs which is raised to " full registration " status after a year if there is sufficient evidence to show that the " standard for full registration " has been met .
the former midlothian county buildings facing parliament square , high street and george iv bridge in edinburgh ( originally built as the headquarters of the pre-1975 midlothian county council ) housed the parliament 's visitors ' centre and shop , whilst the main hall was used as the parliament 's principal committee room .
other symbols are common in different countries : the green greek cross in france , argentina , the united kingdom , belgium , ireland , italy , spain , and india , the increasingly rare gaper in the netherlands , and a red stylized letter a in germany and austria ( from apotheke , the german word for pharmacy , from the same greek root as the english word 'apothecary ' ) .
in actuality , warsz was a 12th/13th-century nobleman who owned a village located at the modern-day site of mariensztat neighbourhood .
the internal cavity forms : a mouth that can usually be closed by muscles ; a pharynx ( " throat " ) ; a wider area in the center that acts as a stomach ; and a system of internal canals .
it is recognised that an epidemiological account of the plague is as important as an identification of symptoms , but researchers are hampered by the lack of reliable statistics from this period .
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection .
steven barkan writes that if defendants plead not guilty , " they must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine , or to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case and their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience . "
in time , kublai khan 's successors lost all influence on other mongol lands across asia , while the mongols beyond the middle kingdom saw them as too chinese .
through combining the definition of electric current as the time rate of change of electric charge , a rule of vector multiplication called lorentz 's law describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field .
this function looks like that of a coach using the whole gamut of psychology to get each new class of rookies off the bench and into the game . "
since the creation of the doctor who character by bbc television in the early 1960s , a myriad of stories have been published about doctor who , in different media : apart from the actual television episodes that continue to be produced by the bbc , there have also been novels , comics , short stories , audio books , radio plays , interactive video games , game books , webcasts , dvd extras , and even stage performances .
within two weeks , copies of the theses had spread throughout germany ; within two months , they had spread throughout europe .
under defensive coordinator wade phillips , the broncos ' defense ranked number one in total yards allowed , passing yards allowed and sacks , and like the previous three seasons , the team has continued to set numerous individual , league and franchise records .
the islamic republic has also maintained its hold on power in iran in spite of us economic sanctions , and has created or assisted like-minded shia terrorist groups in iraq , egypt , syria , jordan ( sciri ) and lebanon ( hezbollah ) ( two muslim countries that also have large shiite populations ) .
after prussia unified the other states into the second german empire after the franco-german war , its long-time chancellor , otto von bismarck ( 1862–90 ) , long opposed colonial acquisitions , arguing that the burden of obtaining , maintaining , and defending such possessions would outweigh any potential benefits .
on 6 november 1915 , a reuters news agency report from london had the 1915 nobel prize in physics awarded to thomas edison and nikola tesla ; however , on 15 november , a reuters story from stockholm stated the prize that year was being awarded to sir william henry bragg and william lawrence bragg " for their services in the analysis of crystal structure by means of x-rays .
the 2010 united states census reported that fresno had a population of 494,665. the population density was 4,404.5 people per square mile ( 1,700.6/km² ) .
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin .
the availability of the bible in vernacular languages was important to the spread of the protestant movement and development of the reformed church in france .
it is led by an executive committee , chaired by a president with the assistance of two vice presidents , one for administration and the other for student life , elected together as a slate by the student body each spring .
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship .
within the last 5–10 million years , this accumulating water broke through the purus arch , joining the easterly flow toward the atlantic .
because everyday clothing from previous eras has not generally survived , the collection is dominated by fashionable clothes made for special occasions .
many member state courts believe they decide , other member state parliaments believe they decide , while within the eu , the court of justice believes it has the final say .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
in addition , helper t cell activation causes an upregulation of molecules expressed on the t cell 's surface , such as cd40 ligand ( also called cd154 ) , which provide extra stimulatory signals typically required to activate antibody-producing b cells .
the speed of the response is a result of signal amplification that occurs following sequential proteolytic activation of complement molecules , which are also proteases .
most of the modern day population growth is based on internal migration and urbanisation .
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl .
bskyb 's direct-to-home satellite service became available in 10 million homes in 2010 , europe 's first pay-tv platform in to achieve that milestone .
after the war started , tesla lost the funding he was receiving from his patents in european countries .
in " smith and jones " ( 2007 ) , when asked if he had a brother , he replied , " no , not any more . "
in the united states especially , several high-profile cases such as debra lafave , pamela rogers , and mary kay letourneau have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct .
kearney park is the largest of the fresno region 's park system and is home to historic kearney mansion and plays host to the annual civil war revisited , the largest reenactment of the civil war in the west coast of the u.s .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
the concept of legal certainty is recognised one of the general principles of european union law by the european court of justice since the 1960s .
mortgage bankers , accountants , and cost engineers are likely participants in creating an overall plan for the financial management of the building construction project .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
the combination of hermaphroditism and early reproduction enables small populations to grow at an explosive rate .
the free movement of workers regulation articles 1 to 7 set out the main provisions on equal treatment of workers .
an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech , and he died shortly afterwards at 2:45 a.m. on 18 february 1546 , aged 62 , in eisleben , the city of his birth .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
founded in 1968 by the union of the methodist church ( usa ) and the evangelical united brethren church , the umc traces its roots back to the revival movement of john and charles wesley in england as well as the great awakening in the united states .
spain ceded florida to the british in 1763 after the french and indian war , and the british soon constructed the king 's road connecting st. augustine to georgia .
the company first constructed a new 10-story building on land previously occupied by an abandoned warehouse on the corner of columbus avenue and west 66th street ; the facility that was built in its place is nicknamed " 7 lincoln square " ( although it is actually located at 149 columbus avenue ) .
there are many concepts of teachers in islam , ranging from mullahs ( the teachers at madrassas ) to ulemas , who teach of the laws of islam for the proper way of islamic living according to the sunnah and ahadith , and can render legal verdicts upon matters of islamic law in accordance with the teaching of one of the four schools of jurisprudence .
other tales state that his grave was stampeded over by many horses , and that trees were then planted over the site , and the permafrost also did its part in hiding the burial site .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
in july 1973 , as part of its outreach programme to young people , the v & a became the first museum in britain to present a rock concert .
hence ctenophores usually swim in the direction in which the mouth is pointing , unlike jellyfish .
starting in 1965 , donald davies at the national physical laboratory , uk , independently developed the same message routing methodology as developed by baran .
he welcomed foreign visitors to his court , such as the venetian merchant marco polo , who wrote the most influential european account of yuan china .
jochi died in 1226 , during his father 's lifetime .
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health .
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves .
there , he explored the mountains in hunter 's garb .
building construction is usually further divided into residential and non-residential ( commercial/institutional ) .
the soviet union had sent animals around the moon on september 15 , 1968 , aboard zond 5 , and it was believed they might soon repeat the feat with human cosmonauts .
for example , the mineral feo ( wüstite ) is written as fe 1 − xo , where x is usually around 0.05 .
a resurgence came in the late 19th century , with the scramble for africa and major additions in asia and the middle east .
another famous athletic event is the 5.9-mile ( 9.5 km ) blaydon race ( a road race from newcastle to blaydon ) , which has taken place on 9 june annually since 1981 , to commemorate the celebrated blaydon races horse racing .
the region is home to about 2.5 million insect species , tens of thousands of plants , and some 2,000 birds and mammals .
for time and space requirements , the answer to such questions is given by the time and space hierarchy theorems respectively .
30 us states have banned corporal punishment , the others ( mostly in the south ) have not .
of course , some complexity classes have complicated definitions that do not fit into this framework .
22 % of gdp still comes from the unreliable agricultural sector which employs 75 % of the labour force ( a consistent characteristic of under-developed economies that have not attained food security – an important catalyst of economic growth ) a small portion of the population relies on food aid .
the first commercially viable process for producing liquid oxygen was independently developed in 1895 by german engineer carl von linde and british engineer william hampson .
despite their soft , gelatinous bodies , fossils thought to represent ctenophores , apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms , have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early cambrian , about 515 million years ago .
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) .
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium .
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
in early 1961 , direct ascent was generally the mission mode in favor at nasa .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
on the very northern edge of the site is situated the secretariat wing , also built in 1862 this houses the offices and board room etc .
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible .
some tumor cells also release products that inhibit the immune response ; for example by secreting the cytokine tgf-β , which suppresses the activity of macrophages and lymphocytes .
jamukha supported the traditional mongolian aristocracy , while temüjin followed a meritocratic method , and attracted a broader , though lower class , range of followers .
in a feynman diagram , each matter particle is represented as a straight line ( see world line ) traveling through time , which normally increases up or to the right in the diagram .
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) .
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) .
to some extent , the businesses of the tower district were developed due to the proximity of the original fresno normal school , ( later renamed california state university at fresno ) .
in this cycle a pump is used to pressurize the working fluid which is received from the condenser as a liquid not as a gas .
teachers face several occupational hazards in their line of work , including occupational stress , which can negatively impact teachers ' mental and physical health , productivity , and students ' performance .
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves .
in week 10 , manning suffered a partial tear of the plantar fasciitis in his left foot .
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific .
due to its energy content , o2 is used by complex forms of life , such as animals , in cellular respiration ( see biological role ) .
leonard goldenson agreed to acquire a 25 % interest in cfto-tv ; however , legislation by the canadian radio-television commission prohibited abc 's involvement , resulting in the company withdrawing from the project before the station 's launch .
it was renamed abc motion pictures in 1979 ; the unit was dissolved in 1985. the studio also operated two subsidiaries , palomar pictures international and selmur pictures .
the name oxygen was coined in 1777 by antoine lavoisier , whose experiments with oxygen helped to discredit the then-popular phlogiston theory of combustion and corrosion .
first , during the early slow-wave-sleep stage , a sudden drop in blood levels of cortisol , epinephrine , and norepinephrine induce increased blood levels of the hormones leptin , pituitary growth hormone , and prolactin .
according to the kenya national bureau of statistics , in 2011 there were 65,000 qualified nurses registered in the country ; 8,600 clinical officers and 7,000 doctors for the population of 43 million people ( these figures from official registers include those who have died or left the profession hence the actual number of these workers may be lower ) .
luther confirmed he was their author , but requested time to think about the answer to the second question .
the traditional visor helmet was replaced with a clear " fishbowl " type for greater visibility , and the lunar surface eva suit would include a water-cooled undergarment .
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc .
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack .
he helped bring about ideas for many series including happy days ( which originated as a segment on the anthology series love , american style ) , as well as several soap operas ; however , eisner 's main credit at abc was for developing youth-oriented programming .
" on the other hand , markets can also concentrate wealth , pass environmental costs on to society , and abuse workers and consumers . "
the russian leader lenin suggested that " imperialism was the highest form of capitalism , claiming that imperialism developed after colonialism , and was distinguished from colonialism by monopoly capitalism " .
this reference from the bible forms the foundation for the doctrine known as the divine right of kings , or , in the german case , the divine right of the princes .
similarly in überseering bv v nordic construction gmbh the court of justice held that a german court could not deny a dutch building company the right to enforce a contract in germany on the basis that it was not validly incorporated in germany .
in contrast , autoimmunity results from a hyperactive immune system attacking normal tissues as if they were foreign organisms .
it is surrounded by the last of the ancient churchyards to retain its original character .
the tallest building in downtown jacksonville 's skyline is the bank of america tower , constructed in 1990 as the barnett center .
like the lombardi trophy , the " 50 " will be designed by tiffany & co .
they may continue towards associate membership allowing them to retire as clergy .
red ribbons were used to represent the entertainment division , while blue ribbons were used for abc news .
islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect islam , while the contrary idea that islam is , or can be , apolitical is an error .
that is , they impart magnetic character to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field , because of the spin magnetic moments of the unpaired electrons in the molecule , and the negative exchange energy between neighboring o 2 molecules .
the bbc was given the highlights of most of the matches , while bskyb paying £304m for the premier league rights , would give them a monopoly of all live matches , up to 60 per year from the 1992 season .
phosphorylation helps many proteins bind the polypeptide , keeping it from folding prematurely .
gegeen was assassinated in a coup involving five princes from a rival faction , perhaps steppe elite opposed to confucian reforms .
complexity theory is interested in how algorithms scale with an increase in the input size .
the act delineates the legislative competence of the parliament – the areas in which it can make laws – by explicitly specifying powers that are " reserved " to the parliament of the united kingdom .
therefore , the church rejects war as an instrument of national foreign policy , to be employed only as a last resort in the prevention of such evils as genocide , brutal suppression of human rights , and unprovoked international aggression .
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students .
islamist movements such as the muslim brotherhood , " are well known for providing shelters , educational assistance , free or low cost medical clinics , housing assistance to students from out of town , student advisory groups , facilitation of inexpensive mass marriage ceremonies to avoid prohibitively costly dowry demands , legal assistance , sports facilities , and women 's groups . "
the apollo program , also known as project apollo , was the third united states human spaceflight program carried out by the national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , which accomplished landing the first humans on the moon from 1969 to 1972. first conceived during dwight d. eisenhower 's administration as a three-man spacecraft to follow the one-man project mercury which put the first americans in space , apollo was later dedicated to president john f. kennedy 's national goal of " landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth " by the end of the 1960s , which he proposed in a may 25 , 1961 , address to congress .
luther and his colleagues introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the electorate of saxony , which began in 1527. they also assessed the standard of pastoral care and christian education in the territory .
there are two major subtypes of t cells : the killer t cell and the helper t cell .
the espn deportes spanish broadcast was made available through watchespn .
the judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
the centre refreshment room 1865–77 was designed in a renaissance style by james gamble , the walls and even the ionic columns are covered in decorative and moulded ceramic tile , the ceiling consists of elaborate designs on enamelled metal sheets and matching stained-glass windows , the marble fireplace was designed and sculpted by alfred stevens and was removed from dorchester house prior to that building 's demolition in 1929. the grill room 1876–81 was designed by sir edward poynter , the lower part of the walls consist of blue and white tiles with various figures and foliage enclosed by wood panelling , above there are large tiled scenes with figures depicting the four seasons and the twelve months these were painted by ladies from the art school then based in the museum , the windows are also stained glass , there is an elaborate cast-iron grill still in place .
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal " sea gooseberry , " pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round .
terra preta ( black earth ) , which is distributed over large areas in the amazon forest , is now widely accepted as a product of indigenous soil management .
one of these is dominated by a full-scale replica of trajan 's column , cut in half in order to fit under the ceiling .
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class .
these buildings are predominantly four stories high , with vertical dormers , domes , turrets and spikes .
clinical pharmacists care for patients in all health care settings , but the clinical pharmacy movement initially began inside hospitals and clinics .
the university 's competitive model united nations team was the top ranked team in north america in 2013-14 and 2014-2015. among notable rsos are the nation 's longest continuously running student film society doc films , organizing committee for the university of chicago scavenger hunt , the twice-weekly student newspaper the chicago maroon , the alternative weekly student newspaper south side weekly , the nation 's second oldest continuously running student improvisational theater troupe off-off campus , and the university-owned radio station whpk .
in 2010 , a further such appearance featured matt smith as the eleventh doctor alongside former companion actress katy manning reprising her role as jo grant .
colloblasts are specialized mushroom-shaped cells in the outer layer of the epidermis , and have three main components : a domed head with vesicles ( chambers ) that contain adhesive ; a stalk that anchors the cell in the lower layer of the epidermis or in the mesoglea ; and a spiral thread that coils round the stalk and is attached to the head and to the root of the stalk .
after 1971 , opec was slow to readjust prices to reflect this depreciation .
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 .
its airing of the talons of weng-chiang was cancelled as a result of accusations that the story was racist ; the story was later broadcast in the 1990s on cable station ytv .
on 15 june 1899 , tesla performed his first experiments at his colorado springs lab ; he recorded his initial spark length at five inches long , but very thick and noisy .
the third invasion was stopped with the improbable french victory in the battle of carillon , in which 3,600 frenchmen famously and decisively defeated abercrombie 's force of 18,000 regulars , militia and native american allies outside the fort the french called carillon and the british called ticonderoga .
thereafter , technological developments and improvements in manufacturing techniques ( partly brought about by the adoption of the steam engine as a power source ) resulted in the design of more efficient engines that could be smaller , faster , or more powerful , depending on the intended application .
with modern insights into quantum mechanics and technology that can accelerate particles close to the speed of light , particle physics has devised a standard model to describe forces between particles smaller than atoms .
however , other researchers have argued that the placement of ctenophora as sister to all other animals is a statistical anomaly caused by the high rate of evolution in ctenophore genomes , and that porifera ( sponges ) is the earliest-diverging animal phylum instead .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
for example , the connectional table , a governing committee , has voted in favor of a proposal that calls for a localized option , which would permit ministers to officiate same-sex weddings , and it would allow conferences to ordain gay clergy .
for example , factorization or ramification of prime ideals when lifted to an extension field , a basic problem of algebraic number theory , bears some resemblance with ramification in geometry .
the apollo spacecraft could be tested in two vacuum chambers capable of simulating atmospheric pressure at altitudes up to 250,000 feet ( 76 km ) , which is nearly a vacuum .
there are also categories for construction service firms ( e.g. , engineering , architecture ) and construction managers ( firms engaged in managing construction projects without assuming direct financial responsibility for completion of the construction project ) .
around 1954 , abc agreed to finance disneyland in exchange for the right to broadcast a new sunday night program , disneyland , which debuted on the network on october 27 , 1954 as the first of many anthology television programs that disney would broadcast over the course of the next 50 years .
there is good evidence that re-introduction of probiotic flora , such as pure cultures of the lactobacilli normally found in unpasteurized yogurt , helps restore a healthy balance of microbial populations in intestinal infections in children and encouraging preliminary data in studies on bacterial gastroenteritis , inflammatory bowel diseases , urinary tract infection and post-surgical infections .
as of the 2014 episode " dark water , " it was revealed that the master had become a female incarnation or " time lady , " going by the name of " missy " ( short for mistress , the feminine equivalent of " master " ) .
stan lebar , who led the team that designed and built the lunar television camera at westinghouse electric corporation , also worked with nafzger to try to locate the missing tapes .
tesla was generally antagonistic towards theories about the conversion of matter into energy .
hence , the ground state of the o 2 molecule is referred to as triplet oxygen .
likewise , when carter wentworth was charged for his role in the clamshell alliance 's 1977 illegal occupation of the seabrook station nuclear power plant , the judge instructed the jury to disregard his competing harms defense , and he was found guilty .
starch is stored in the form of paramylon , which is contained in membrane-bound granules in the cytoplasm of the euglenophyte .
casimir pulaski , a polish general and hero of the american revolutionary war , was born here in 1745 .
between bearing six children , hans – june 1526 ; elizabeth – 10 december 1527 , who died within a few months ; magdalene – 1529 , who died in luther 's arms in 1542 ; martin – 1531 ; paul – january 1533 ; and margaret – 1534 ; katharina helped the couple earn a living by farming the land and taking in boarders .
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes .
this treatise is currently in the nikola tesla museum archive in belgrade .
in most jurisdictions ( such as the united states ) , pharmacists are regulated separately from physicians .
buddhism is the state 's largest non-christian religion , with 168,637 members as of the most recent census .
in addition to the polish majority , there was a significant jewish minority in warsaw .
if a pathogen breaches these barriers , the innate immune system provides an immediate , but non-specific response .
soon after börte 's marriage to temüjin , she was kidnapped by the merkits and reportedly given away as a wife .
according to the cellular theory of immunity , represented in particular by elie metchnikoff , it was cells – more precisely , phagocytes – that were responsible for immune responses .
in the united states , scholars argue that there already existed a negotiated settlement based on equality between both parties prior to 1973. the possibility that the middle east could become another superpower confrontation with the ussr was of more concern to the us than oil .
the high cost of medications and drug-related technology , combined with the potential impact of medications and pharmacy services on patient-care outcomes and patient safety , make it imperative that hospital pharmacies perform at the highest level possible .
the v & a covers 12.5 acres ( 51,000 m2 ) and 145 galleries .
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world .
the revocation forbade protestant services , required education of children as catholics , and prohibited emigration .
webb also reassigned apollo spacecraft program office ( aspo ) manager joseph francis shea , replacing him with george low .
luther wrote " aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir " ( " from depths of woe i cry to you " ) in 1523 as a hymnic version of psalm 130 and sent it as a sample to encourage evangelical colleagues to write psalm-hymns for use in german worship .
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population .
telenet was the first fcc-licensed public data network in the united states .
it is possible that the inverted repeats help stabilize the rest of the chloroplast genome , as chloroplast dnas which have lost some of the inverted repeat segments tend to get rearranged more .
some priests and former religious had already married , including andreas karlstadt and justus jonas , but luther 's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage .
the unicef index of " child well-being in rich countries " , studying 40 indicators in 22 countries , correlates with greater equality but not per capita income .
that same year , capital cities/abc purchased the french animation studio dic entertainment ; it also signed an agreement with time warner cable to carry its owned-and-operated television stations on the provider 's systems in abc o & o markets .
the rankine cycle is sometimes referred to as a practical carnot cycle because , when an efficient turbine is used , the ts diagram begins to resemble the carnot cycle .
in the cycle , water is heated and transforms into steam within a boiler operating at a high pressure .
elders serve a term of 2–3 years as provisional elders prior to their ordination .
teaching may be carried out informally , within the family , which is called homeschooling , or in the wider community .
as of the 2014 episode " dark water , " it was revealed that the master had become a female incarnation or " time lady , " going by the name of " missy " ( short for mistress , the feminine equivalent of " master " ) .
it was founded by former arpa ipto director larry roberts as a means of making arpanet technology public .
even before washington returned , dinwiddie had sent a company of 40 men under william trent to that point , where in the early months of 1754 they began construction of a small stockaded fort .
only a few common complex biomolecules , such as squalene and the carotenes , contain no oxygen .
the alga cyanophora , a glaucophyte , is thought to be one of the first organisms to contain a chloroplast .
the first four are sections within their corresponding graduate divisions , while the new collegiate division administers interdisciplinary majors and studies which do not fit in one of the other four divisions .
in on the abrogation of the private mass , he condemned as idolatry the idea that the mass is a sacrifice , asserting instead that it is a gift , to be received with thanksgiving by the whole congregation .
computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty , and relating those classes to each other .
a study by the american association of university women reported that 9.6 % of students in the united states claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education ; be they a volunteer , bus driver , teacher , administrator or other adult ; sometime during their educational career .
vaginal secretions serve as a chemical barrier following menarche , when they become slightly acidic , while semen contains defensins and zinc to kill pathogens .
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102. cornerbacks aqib talib ( three interceptions ) and chris harris , jr. ( two interceptions ) were the other two pro bowl selections from the defense .
the v & a is in discussion with the university of dundee , university of abertay , dundee city council and the scottish government with a view to opening a new £43 million gallery in dundee that would use the v & a brand although it would be funded through and operated independently .
decisions are taken by a simple majority vote , usually through a " written procedure " of circulating the proposals and adopting if there are no objections .
in order to rectify this situation , socialists argue that the means of production should be socially owned so that income differentials would be reflective of individual contributions to the social product .
larger drugs ( > 500 da ) can provoke a neutralizing immune response , particularly if the drugs are administered repeatedly , or in larger doses .
another example of scientific research which suggests that previous estimates by the ipcc , far from overstating dangers and risks , have actually understated them is a study on projected rises in sea levels .
they retained the religious provisions of the edict of nantes until the rule of louis xiv , who progressively increased persecution of them until he issued the edict of fontainebleau ( 1685 ) , which abolished all legal recognition of protestantism in france , and forced the huguenots to convert .
it also began to use behavioral and demographic data to better determine what types of sponsors to sell advertising slots to and provide programming that would appeal towards certain audiences .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size .
today , the umc is generally considered one of the more moderate and tolerant denominations with respect to race , gender , and ideology , though the denomination itself actually includes a very wide spectrum of attitudes .
tvontario picked up the show in 1976 beginning with the three doctors and aired each series ( several years late ) through to series 24 in 1991. from 1979 to 1981 , tvo airings were bookended by science-fiction writer judith merril who would introduce the episode and then , after the episode concluded , try to place it in an educational context in keeping with tvo 's status as an educational channel .
however , this vision was shattered in the 1970s , when it was publicly announced that prime numbers could be used as the basis for the creation of public key cryptography algorithms .
in works such as la nativité du seigneur ( 1935 ) and quatre études de rythme ( 1949–50 ) , he simultaneously employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers to create unpredictable rhythms : the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in the third étude , " neumes rythmiques " .
in many poor and developing countries much land and housing is held outside the formal or legal property ownership registration system .
since agoa took effect in 2000 , kenya 's clothing sales to the united states increased from us $ 44 million to us $ 270 million ( 2006 ) .
for this reason , glaucophyte chloroplasts are also known as muroplasts .
in some countries , formal education can take place through home schooling .
the more recent type of safety valve uses an adjustable spring-loaded valve , which is locked such that operators may not tamper with its adjustment unless a seal illegally is broken .
most abalone and rock lobster is exported to asia .
the weak force is due to the exchange of the heavy w and z bosons .
unfortunately , the country has not attained the level of investment and efficiency in agriculture that can guarantee food security and coupled with resulting poverty ( 53 % of the population lives below the poverty line ) , a significant portion of the population regularly starves and is heavily dependent on food aid .
kublai khan promoted commercial , scientific , and cultural growth .
while sophisticated mathematical descriptions are needed to predict , in full detail , the accurate result of such interactions , there is a conceptually simple way to describe such interactions through the use of feynman diagrams .
ribault erected a stone column near present-day jacksonville claiming the newly discovered land for france .
because he published his findings first , priestley is usually given priority in the discovery .
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game .
some dinophytes , like kryptoperidinium and durinskia have a diatom ( heterokontophyte ) derived chloroplast .
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism .
oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema , pneumonia , some heart disorders ( congestive heart failure ) , some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure , and any disease that impairs the body 's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen .
conservation is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections , and covers all the collections held by the v & a and the v & a museum of childhood .
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 .
the title khagan was not conferred on genghis until after his death , when his son and successor , ögedei , took the title for himself and extended it posthumously to his father ( as he was also to be posthumously declared the founder of the yuan dynasty ) .
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102. cornerbacks aqib talib ( three interceptions ) and chris harris , jr. ( two interceptions ) were the other two pro bowl selections from the defense .
william of apulia tells that , in 1016 , norman pilgrims to the shrine of the archangel michael at monte gargano were met by melus of bari , a lombard nobleman and rebel , who persuaded them to return with more warriors to help throw off the byzantine rule , which they did .
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar .
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524–25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name .
often in terms of the further development of landscape painting as well as the classical joining together of the arts of painting , poetry , and calligraphy , the song dynasty and the yuan dynasty are linked together .
in foster v british gas plc the court of justice held that mrs foster was entitled to bring a sex discrimination claim against her employer , british gas plc , which made women retire at age 60 and men at 65 , if ( 1 ) pursuant to a state measure , ( 2 ) it provided a public service , and ( 3 ) had special powers .
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos .
luther sought assurances about life and was drawn to theology and philosophy , expressing particular interest in aristotle , william of ockham , and gabriel biel .
one of the roles of computational complexity theory is to determine the practical limits on what computers can and can not do .
users typically connected via dial-up connections or dedicated async connections .
over time , the cyanobacterium was assimilated , and many of its genes were lost or transferred to the nucleus of the host .
this led to protests and open discrediting of the eck for complicity and to odinga declaring himself the " people 's president " and calling for a recount .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
brownlee notes that " although civil disobedients are constrained in their use of coercion by their conscientious aim to engage in moral dialogue , nevertheless they may find it necessary to employ limited coercion in order to get their issue onto the table . "
when a rock crystallizes from melt ( magma and/or lava ) , it is an igneous rock .
one of the claimants of the english throne opposing william the conqueror , edgar atheling , eventually fled to scotland .
for example , the increase in tea drinking led to the production of tea paraphernalia such as china and caddies .
major commerce during this era gave rise to favorable conditions for private southern chinese manufacturers and merchants .
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students .
notably , in 2013 , john hurt guest-starred as a hitherto unknown incarnation of the doctor known as the war doctor in the run-up to the show 's 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " .
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager .
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal " sea gooseberry , " pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round .
it has been established that some plants have linear cpdna , such as maize , and that more species still contain complex structures that scientists do not yet understand .
proper safety equipment such as harnesses and guardrails and procedures such as securing ladders and inspecting scaffolding can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry .
the germanic populations of these lands seem in roman times to have been scanty , and roman subjects from the modern alsace-lorraine had drifted across the river eastwards .
both liquid and solid o 2 are clear substances with a light sky-blue color caused by absorption in the red ( in contrast with the blue color of the sky , which is due to rayleigh scattering of blue light ) .
it won the coveted sunday times university of the year award in 2000. northumbria university has its origins in the newcastle polytechnic , established in 1969 and became the university of northumbria at newcastle in 1992 as part of the uk-wide process in which polytechnics became new universities .
japan also invaded thailand , pressuring the country into a thai/japanese alliance .
luther secretly returned to wittenberg on 6 march 1522. he wrote to the elector : " during my absence , satan has entered my sheepfold , and committed ravages which i can not repair by writing , but only by my personal presence and living word . "
the second was the late 1970s , when tom baker occasionally drew audiences of over 12 million .
most of the mass of living organisms is oxygen as it is a part of water , the major constituent of lifeforms .
in september 2007 , sky launched a new tv advertising campaign targeting sky+ at women .
speakers are drawn from across scotland and are chosen to represent the balance of religious beliefs according to the scottish census .
euplokamis ' tentilla have three types of movement that are used in capturing prey : they may flick out very quickly ( in 40 to 60 milliseconds ) ; they can wriggle , which may lure prey by behaving like small planktonic worms ; and they coil round prey .
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway .
through stream capture , the rhine extended its watershed southward .
the edict simultaneously protected catholic interests by discouraging the founding of new protestant churches in catholic-controlled regions .
tesla was renowned for his achievements and showmanship , eventually earning him a reputation in popular culture as an archetypal " mad scientist " .
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports .
abu al-qasim al-zahrawi ( abulcasis ) ( 936–1013 ) pioneered the preparation of medicines by sublimation and distillation .
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan .
despite being relatively unaffected by the embargo , the uk nonetheless faced an oil crisis of its own - a series of strikes by coal miners and railroad workers over the winter of 1973–74 became a major factor in the change of government .
almost all ctenophores are predators – there are no vegetarians and only one genus that is partly parasitic .
all three types of rocks may be re-melted ; when this happens , a new magma is formed , from which an igneous rock may once again crystallize .
one of the principal advantages the rankine cycle holds over others is that during the compression stage relatively little work is required to drive the pump , the working fluid being in its liquid phase at this point .
an important factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals ' access to education .
like in other regional organisations such as the north american free trade association , or the world trade organisation , breaking down barriers to trade , and enhancing free movement of goods , services , labour and capital , is meant to reduce consumer prices .
the pharma ( as it was referred to ) often operated through a retail shop which , in addition to ingredients for medicines , sold tobacco and patent medicines .
it meets each six months and its president ( currently former poland prime minister donald tusk ) is meant to 'drive forward its work ' , but it does not itself 'legislative functions ' .
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 .
in this respect it is noteworthy that the bbc takes no position on the canonicity of any of such stories , and producers of the show have expressed distaste for the idea .
any channel which can get carriage on a suitable beam of a satellite at 28° east is entitled to access to bskyb 's epg for a fee , ranging from £15–100,000 .
education in australia is primarily the responsibility of the individual states and territories .
kenya has proven deposits of oil in turkana and the commercial viability was just discovered .
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced .
in general , there are three sectors of construction : buildings , infrastructure and industrial .
downtown san diego is the central business district of san diego , though the city is filled with business districts .
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students .
the mongols destroyed the kingdom of georgia , sacked the genoese trade-fortress of caffa in crimea and overwintered near the black sea .
gasquet ( 1908 ) claimed that the latin name atra mors ( black death ) for the 14th-century epidemic first appeared in modern times in 1631 in a book on danish history by j.i . pontanus : " vulgo & ab effectu atram mortem vocatibant .
warsaw remained the capital of the polish–lithuanian commonwealth until 1796 , when it was annexed by the kingdom of prussia to become the capital of the province of south prussia .
all of the network 's programming has been presented in hd since january 2012 ( with the exception of certain holiday specials produced prior to 2005 – such as the peanuts specials and rudolph 's shiny new year – which continue to be presented in 4:3 sd ) , when extreme makeover : home edition ended its run as a regular series and one life to live ( which had been presented in 16:9 standard definition since 2010 ) also ended its abc run .
a simple case of dynamic equilibrium occurs in constant velocity motion across a surface with kinetic friction .
in 2009 , the great internet mersenne prime search project was awarded a us $ 100,000 prize for first discovering a prime with at least 10 million digits .
before rollo 's arrival , its populations did not differ from picardy or the île-de-france , which were considered " frankish " .
according to johnson , smeeding , and tory , consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986. the debate is summarized in " the hidden prosperity of the poor " by journalist thomas b. edsall .
the official opening by queen victoria was on 22 june 1857. in the following year , late night openings were introduced , made possible by the use of gas lighting .
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen .
in the 1970s , the city was the subject of a song , " walking into fresno " , written by hall of fame guitarist bill aken and recorded by bob gallion of the world-famous " wwva jamboree " radio and television show in wheeling , west virginia .
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs .
construction is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure .
revolutionary civil disobedience is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ( or to change cultural traditions , social customs , religious beliefs , etc ... revolution does n't have to be political , i.e .
during 2003–04 , the gross value of victorian agricultural production increased by 17 % to $ 8.7 billion .
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice .
radical islamist organizations like al-qaeda and the egyptian islamic jihad , and groups such as the taliban , entirely reject democracy , often declaring as kuffar those muslims who support it ( see takfirism ) , as well as calling for violent/offensive jihad or urging and conducting attacks on a religious basis .
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li .
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality .
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation .
datapac was developed by bell northern research which was a joint venture of bell canada ( a common carrier ) and northern telecom ( a telecommunications equipment supplier ) .
as there had already been a king george 's war in the 1740s , british colonists named the second war in king george 's reign after their opponents , and it became known as the french and indian war .
highly concentrated sources of oxygen promote rapid combustion .
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen .
here , the immune system fails to properly distinguish between self and non-self , and attacks part of the body .
they contain a pyrenoid , and have triplet-stacked thylakoids .
to counter the french military presence in ohio , in october 1753 dinwiddie ordered the 21-year-old major george washington ( whose brother was another ohio company investor ) of the virginia regiment to warn the french to leave virginia territory .
mohamed morsi , an islamist democrat of muslim brotherhood , was the first democratically elected president of egypt .
an electron configuration with two unpaired electrons as found in dioxygen ( see the filled π* orbitals in the diagram ) , orbitals that are of equal energy—i.e. , degenerate—is a configuration termed a spin triplet state .
near sargans a natural dam , only a few metres high , prevents it from flowing into the open seeztal valley and then through lake walen and lake zurich into the river aare .
over 10 % of amsterdam 's population died in 1623–25 , and again in 1635–36 , 1655 , and 1664. plague occurred in venice 22 times between 1361 and 1528. the plague of 1576–77 killed 50,000 in venice , almost a third of the population .
north american aviation won the contract to build the csm , and also the second stage of the saturn v launch vehicle for nasa .
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl .
his successor , ted heath , reversed this policy in 1970 , calling for israel to withdraw to its pre-1967 borders .
the new concept called " love radio " , which featured a limited selection of music genres , was launched on abc 's seven owned-and-operated fm stations in late november 1968 ; the concept replaced nearly all of the programming provided by these stations ; however , several affiliates ( such as kxyz ) retained the majority of their content .
consultant pharmacy practice focuses more on medication regimen review ( i.e .
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead .
when rock units are placed under horizontal compression , they shorten and become thicker .
the current 8–4–4 system was launched in january 1985. it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector .
gymnosperms do not require light to form chloroplasts .
diseases of poverty directly correlate with a country 's economic performance and wealth distribution : half of kenyans live below the poverty level .
plastoglobuli were once thought to be free-floating in the stroma , but it is now thought that they are permanently attached either to a thylakoid or to another plastoglobulus attached to a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network .
southern california 's population encompasses seven metropolitan areas , or msas : the los angeles metropolitan area , consisting of los angeles and orange counties ; the inland empire , consisting of riverside and san bernardino counties ; the san diego metropolitan area ; the oxnard–thousand oaks–ventura metropolitan area ; the santa barbara metro area ; the san luis obispo metropolitan area ; and the el centro area .
in the late 19th century , the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing 'system ' was used on some marine triple expansion engines .
it is uncertain how ctenophores control their buoyancy , but experiments have shown that some species rely on osmotic pressure to adapt to water of different densities .
this forms the basis for the complexity class p , which is the set of decision problems solvable by a deterministic turing machine within polynomial time .
after the capital samarkand fell , the capital was moved to bukhara by the remaining men , while genghis khan ordered two of his generals and their forces to completely destroy the remnants of the khwarezmid empire , including not only royal buildings , but entire towns , populations , and even vast swaths of farmland .
a portion of grainger town was demolished in the 1960s to make way for the eldon square shopping centre , including all but one side of the original eldon square itself .
the vast majority of kenyans are christian ( 83 % ) , with 47.7 % regarding themselves as protestant and 23.5 % as roman catholic of the latin rite .
however , the colonists were unable to manage their fields and the crops because of the loss of soil fertility and weed invasion .
to clear out this confusion about the definition of imperialism one could speak of " formal " and " informal " imperialism , the first meaning physical control or " full-fledged colonial rule " while the second implied less direct rule though still containing perceivable kinds of dominance .
they often participate in patient care rounds drug product selection .
proposals to connect the cambridge campus with the new allston campus include new and enlarged bridges , a shuttle service and/or a tram .
apollo 8 was planned to be the d mission in december 1968 , crewed by mcdivitt , scott and schweickart , launched on a saturn v instead of two saturn ibs .
gaining support from princes and officers in northern china and some other parts of the dynasty , khanbaliq-based tugh temür eventually won the civil war against ragibagh known as the war of the two capitals .
the electronic frontier foundation also offers $ 150,000 and $ 250,000 for primes with at least 100 million digits and 1 billion digits , respectively .
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event .
a horizontal force pointing northeast can therefore be split into two forces , one pointing north , and one pointing east .
in a salary survey report for k-12 teachers , elementary school teachers had the lowest median salary earning $ 39,259 .
the displays in this gallery cover objects from spain , north africa , the middle east , central asia and afghanistan .
the judicial branch of the eu has played an important role in the development of eu law , by assuming the task of interpreting the treaties , and accelerating economic and political integration .
in much of the u.s. south , many white students migrated to the academies , while public schools became in turn more heavily concentrated with african-american students ( see list of private schools in mississippi ) .
2001 found that among u.s states and canadian provinces there is a tenfold difference in homicide rates related to inequality .
while islamist political culture itself may not be democratic , islamists need democratic elections to maintain their legitimacy .
the panthers seemed primed to score on their opening drive of the second half when newton completed a 45-yard pass to ted ginn jr. on the denver 35-yard line on their second offensive play .
the engulfed alga was broken down , leaving only its chloroplast , and sometimes its cell membrane and nucleus , forming a chloroplast with three or four membranes—the two cyanobacterial membranes , sometimes the eaten alga 's cell membrane , and the phagosomal vacuole from the host 's cell membrane .
another means of supplying lower-pressure boiler feed water is an injector , which uses a steam jet usually supplied from the boiler .
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982. this building is of concrete and very functional , the only embellishment being the iron gates by christopher hay and douglas coyne of the royal college of art .
on the french side , the grand canal d'alsace was dug , which carries a significant part of the river water , and all of the traffic .
the nif regime also harbored osama bin laden for a time ( before 9/11 ) , and worked to unify islamist opposition to the american attack on iraq in the 1991 gulf war .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
twelve actors have headlined the series as the doctor .
the executive summary of the wg i summary for policymakers report says they are certain that emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases , resulting on average in an additional warming of the earth 's surface .
the chloroplast is surrounded by two membranes and has no nucleomorph—all the nucleomorph genes have been transferred to the dinophyte nucleus .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
states or departments in four nations contain " amazonas " in their names .
seven days to the river rhine was a warsaw pact war plan for an invasion of western europe during the cold war .
on 15 june 1520 , the pope warned luther with the papal bull ( edict ) exsurge domine that he risked excommunication unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings , including the 95 theses , within 60 days .
some remote sensing scientists have proposed using the measurement of the radiance coming from vegetation canopies in those bands to characterize plant health status from a satellite platform .
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards .
in 1951 , a rumor even mentioned that the network would be sold to cbs .
some time later , dyrrachium—one of the most important naval bases of the adriatic—fell again to byzantine hands .
[ verification needed ] bismarck was aware that public opinion had started to demand colonies for reasons of german prestige .
in 1952 , following pressure from tesla 's nephew , sava kosanović , tesla 's entire estate was shipped to belgrade in 80 trunks marked n.t .
nikola credited his eidetic memory and creative abilities to his mother 's genetics and influence .
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . "
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass .
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands .
to remedy the causes of the fire , changes were made in the block ii spacecraft and operational procedures , the most important of which were use of a nitrogen/oxygen mixture instead of pure oxygen before and during launch , and removal of flammable cabin and space suit materials .
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view .
while the commission has a monopoly on initiating legislation , the european parliament and the council of the european union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process .
in simple terms , physical barriers prevent pathogens such as bacteria and viruses from entering the organism .
french fur traders and trappers traveled throughout the st. lawrence and mississippi watersheds , did business with local tribes , and often married indian women .
the hostile but weakened song dynasty remained an obstacle in the south .
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) .
studies on income inequality and growth have sometimes found evidence confirming the kuznets curve hypothesis , which states that with economic development , inequality first increases , then decreases .
if they enter less dense brackish water , the ciliary rosettes in the body cavity may pump this into the mesoglea to increase its bulk and decrease its density , to avoid sinking .
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times .
in a separate operation , the ludendorff bridge , crossing the rhine at remagen , became famous , when u.s. forces were able to capture it intact – much to their own surprise – after the germans failed to demolish it .
secondly , aspirational consumption describes the process of middle income earners aspiring to achieve the standards of living enjoyed by their wealthier counterparts and one method of achieving this aspiration is by taking on debt .
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south .
however , more recent testing of this theory with superior panel data has shown it to be very weak .
from here , the situation becomes more complicated , as the dutch name rijn no longer coincides with the main flow of water .
in 1507 , he was ordained to the priesthood , and in 1508 , von staupitz , first dean of the newly founded university of wittenberg , sent for luther , to teach theology .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
the weavers , a half-timbered house by the river , was the site of a weaving school from the late 16th century to about 1830 .
as a tourist promotion , newcastle and gateshead have linked together under the banner " newcastlegateshead " , to spearhead the regeneration of the north-east .
in confirmation and membership preparation classes , students learn about church and the methodist-christian theological tradition in order to profess their ultimate faith in christ .
many major classes of organic molecules in living organisms , such as proteins , nucleic acids , carbohydrates , and fats , contain oxygen , as do the major inorganic compounds that are constituents of animal shells , teeth , and bone .
in the spring of 1753 , paul marin de la malgue was given command of a 2,000-man force of troupes de la marine and indians .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
several flagship series debuted on the network during this time including dynasty , an opulent drama from aaron spelling that became a hit when it premiered as a midseason series in 1981 , five months before spelling 's other abc hit charlie 's angels ended its run .
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity .
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek .
louis xiv gained the throne in 1643 and acted increasingly aggressively to force the huguenots to convert .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
the broncos took an early lead in super bowl 50 and never trailed .
in the aftermath of the 1979 referendum defeat , the campaign for a scottish assembly was initiated as a pressure group , leading to the 1989 scottish constitutional convention with various organisations such as scottish churches , political parties and representatives of industry taking part .
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial .
the dispute erupted into violence in the battle of jumonville glen in may 1754 , during which virginia militiamen under the command of 22-year-old george washington ambushed a french patrol .
the neoclassical architecture in warsaw can be described by the simplicity of the geometrical forms teamed with a great inspiration from the roman period .
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto .
pneumonic plague has a mortality rate of 90 to 95 percent .
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty .
maxime faget 's preliminary apollo design employed a cone-shaped command module , supported by one of several service modules providing propulsion and electrical power , sized appropriately for the space station , cislunar , and lunar landing missions .
( an earlier version of eyevision was last used in super bowl xxxv ; for super bowl 50 , the cameras were upgraded to 5k resolution . )
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms .
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney .
in hendrix v employee insurance institute the court of justice held that a dutch national was not entitled to continue receiving incapacity benefits when he moved to belgium , because the benefit was " closely linked to the socio-economic situation " of the netherlands .
the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences is to elect and appoint bishops , the chief administrators of the church .
finally , the concept of emotional contagion , may also apply .
imperialism and colonialism have been used in order to describe one 's superiority , domination and influence upon a person or group of people .
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice .
there are also estimated to be between 500 and 2,000 bolivians in newcastle , forming up to 1 % of the population—the largest such percentage of any uk city .
his poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments .
the victory was made complete in 1760 when , despite losing outside quebec city in the battle of sainte-foy , the british were able to prevent the arrival of french relief ships in the naval battle of the restigouche while armies marched on montreal from three sides .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway .
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley .
the arrested persons were found " guilty , " nevertheless , and given suspended sentences , conditional on their not reentering the test site grounds .
a bbc audience research survey conducted in 1972 found that , by their own definition of violence ( " any act [ s ] which may cause physical and/or psychological injury , hurt or death to persons , animals or property , whether intentional or accidental " ) doctor who was the most violent of the drama programmes the corporation produced at the time .
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism .
on september 30 , 1960 , abc premiered the flintstones , another example of counterprogramming ; although the animated series from william hanna and joseph barbera was filmed in color from the beginning , it was initially broadcast in black-and-white , as abc had not made the necessary technical upgrades to broadcast its programming in color at the time .
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice .
examples of non-peer-reviewed sources include model results , reports from government agencies and non-governmental organizations , and industry journals .
in the church of england 's calendar of saints he is commemorated on 31 october .
there are conflicting views of genghis khan in the people 's republic of china with some viewing him positively in the inner mongolia region where there are a monument and buildings about him and where there is a considerable number of mongols in the area with a population of around 5 million , almost twice the population of mongolia .
examples include the huguenot district and french church street in cork city ; and d'olier street in dublin , named after a high sheriff and one of the founders of the bank of ireland .
in 1529 , he wrote the large catechism , a manual for pastors and teachers , as well as a synopsis , the small catechism , to be memorised by the people themselves .
three of his best-known works were published in 1520 : to the christian nobility of the german nation , on the babylonian captivity of the church , and on the freedom of a christian .
oxygen was discovered independently by carl wilhelm scheele , in uppsala , in 1773 or earlier , and joseph priestley in wiltshire , in 1774 , but priestley is often given priority because his work was published first .
more recently the uk supreme court noted that in r ( hs2 action alliance ltd ) v secretary of state for transport , although the uk constitution is uncodified , there could be " fundamental principles " of common law , and parliament " did not either contemplate or authorise the abrogation " of those principles when it enacted the european communities act 1972. the view of the german constitutional court from the solange i and solange ii decisions is that if the eu does not comply with its basic constitutional rights and principles ( particularly democracy , the rule of law and the social state principles ) then it can not override german law .
for details of individual countries see school corporal punishment .
on august 29 , 1994 , abc purchased flint , michigan affiliate wjrt-tv and wtvg in toledo , ohio ( which was previously affiliated with abc from 1958 to 1970 ) from sjl broadcast management , with the latter switching to abc once its contract with nbc expired two months after the purchase was finalized in early 1995. both stations were acquired as a contingency plan in the event that cbs reached an affiliation deal with wxyz-tv ( to replace wjbk , which switched to fox as a result of that network 's group affiliation agreement with new world communications ) in order to allow the network to retain some over-the-air presence in the detroit market ( the e.w .
there are a set of beautiful inlaid doors , dated 1580 from antwerp city hall , attributed to hans vredeman de vries .
co-teaching is defined as two or more teachers working harmoniously to fulfill the needs of every student in the classroom .
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation .
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise .
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality .
the right to create private schools in germany is in article 7 , paragraph 4 of the grundgesetz and can not be suspended even in a state of emergency .
in 1884 the leading exponent of colonialism , jules ferry declared france had a civilising mission : " the higher races have a right over the lower races , they have a duty to civilize the inferior " .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
the second division under jebe marched secretly to the southeast part of khwarzemia to form , with the first division , a pincer attack on samarkand .
over the long-term , this trend increases the organic composition of capital , meaning that less workers are required in proportion to capital inputs , increasing unemployment ( the " reserve army of labour " ) .
at the time , iran was the world 's second-largest oil exporter and a close us ally .
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria .
the racial makeup of fresno was 245,306 ( 49.6 % ) white , 40,960 ( 8.3 % ) african american , 8,525 ( 1.7 % ) native american , 62,528 ( 12.6 % ) asian ( 3.6 % hmong , 1.7 % indian , 1.2 % filipino , 1.2 % laotian , 1.0 % thai , 0.8 % cambodian , 0.7 % chinese , 0.5 % japanese , 0.4 % vietnamese , 0.2 % korean ) , 849 ( 0.2 % ) pacific islander , 111,984 ( 22.6 % ) from other races , and 24,513 ( 5.0 % ) from two or more races .
the english channel , the irish channel and most of the north sea were dry land , mainly because sea level was approximately 120 m ( 390 ft ) lower than today .
conversely , non-self molecules are those recognized as foreign molecules .
the purportedly scientific nature of " social darwinism " and a theory of races formed a supposedly rational justification for imperialism .
during the 1970s and sometimes later , western and pro-western governments often supported sometimes fledgling islamists and islamist groups that later came to be seen as dangerous enemies .
members of the genus dinophysis have a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte .
for example , while diatoms ( a heterokontophyte ) now have a red algal derived chloroplast , the presence of many green algal genes in the diatom nucleus provide evidence that the diatom ancestor ( probably the ancestor of all chromalveolates too ) had a green algal derived chloroplast at some point , which was subsequently replaced by the red chloroplast .
in 1949 , as communist troops advanced , the nationalist soldiers moved it another 200 km farther west to the famous tibetan monastery of kumbum monastery or ta'er shi near xining , which soon fell under communist control .
professional and labor organizations may limit the supply of workers which results in higher demand and greater incomes for members .
this was seen as the climax of a very undemocratic regime and it led to widespread agitation for constitutional reform .
defensive ends derek wolfe and malik jackson each had 5½ sacks .
learning of a french scouting party in the area , washington , with tanaghrisson and his party , surprised the canadians on may 28 in what became known as the battle of jumonville glen .
his body was later found by maid alice monaghan after she had entered tesla 's room , ignoring the " do not disturb " sign that tesla had placed on his door two days earlier .
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . )
watt independently discovered latent heat , which was confirmed by the original discoverer joseph black , who also advised watt on experimental procedures .
the success of the first two landings allowed the remaining missions to be crewed with a single veteran as commander , with two rookies .
at the end of primary education , pupils sit the kenya certificate of primary education ( kcpe ) , which determines those who proceed to secondary school or vocational training .
although kenya is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa , and has an affluent urban minority , it has a human development index ( hdi ) of 0.519 , ranked 145 out of 186 in the world .
the quick and decisive defeat of the arab troops during the six-day war by israeli troops constituted a pivotal event in the arab muslim world .
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989. american composer john debney created a new arrangement of ron grainer 's original theme for doctor who in 1996. for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series .
the teacher also needs to be enthusiastic about the subject matter they are teaching .
the soulages collection of italian and french renaissance objects was acquired between 1859 and 1865 , and includes several cassone .
it supports research on stem cells retrieved from umbilical cords and adult stem cells , stating that there are " few moral questions " raised by this issue .
accordingly , the term odd prime refers to any prime number greater than 2. similarly , when written in the usual decimal system , all prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1 , 3 , 7 , or 9 , since even numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5 .
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989. american composer john debney created a new arrangement of ron grainer 's original theme for doctor who in 1996. for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series .
even though some proofs of complexity-theoretic theorems regularly assume some concrete choice of input encoding , one tries to keep the discussion abstract enough to be independent of the choice of encoding .
the parish church of st andrew is traditionally recognised as 'the oldest church in this town ' .
apollo 5 ( as-204 ) was the first unmanned test flight of lm in earth orbit , launched from pad 37 on january 22 , 1968 , by the saturn ib that would have been used for apollo 1. the lm engines were successfully test-fired and restarted , despite a computer programming error which cut short the first descent stage firing .
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch .
there are two categories of lay servants : local church lay servant , who serve in and through their local churches , and certified lay servants , who serve in their own churches , in other churches , and through district or conference projects and programs .
he also recruited and built a cadre of influential loyalists by placing sympathetic students in the university and military academy while serving as minister of education .
the impact of the technologies invented or envisioned by tesla is a recurring theme in several types of science fiction .
this made the 4-cylinder triple-expansion engine popular with large passenger liners ( such as the olympic class ) , but this was ultimately replaced by the virtually vibration-free turbine engine .
the emphasis on spiritual mentorship in the lds church is similar to that in the more " low-church " traditions of protestantism , with a stronger emphasis placed on the husband and father of a family to provide spiritual guidance for all of his family , ideally in consultation with his wife , even if the husband is not a member of the lds church , based on interpretatios of certain biblical texts which proclaim the spiritual authority of husbands in marriage .
it has offered a doctorate in music composition since 1933 and in cinema & media studies since 2000 , a master of fine arts in visual arts ( early 1970s ) , and a master of arts in the humanities with a creative writing track ( 2000 ) .
traditionally consultant pharmacists were usually independent business owners , though in the united states many now work for several large pharmacy management companies ( primarily omnicare , kindred healthcare and pharmerica ) .
30 us states have banned corporal punishment , the others ( mostly in the south ) have not .
despite their soft , gelatinous bodies , fossils thought to represent ctenophores , apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms , have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early cambrian , about 515 million years ago .
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit .
the principle behind vaccination ( also called immunization ) is to introduce an antigen from a pathogen in order to stimulate the immune system and develop specific immunity against that particular pathogen without causing disease associated with that organism .
in august 1917 , tesla explained what had happened in the electrical experimenter : " as an example of what has been done with several hundred kilowatts of high frequency energy liberated , it was found that the dynamos in a power house six miles away were repeatedly burned out , due to the powerful high frequency currents set up in them , and which caused heavy sparks to jump through the windings and destroy the insulation ! "
there are approximately 22,000 objects in the collection that cover the period from about 400 ad to 1914. this covers among other periods byzantine and anglo saxon ivory sculptures , british , french and spanish medieval statues and carvings , the renaissance , baroque , neo-classical , victorian and art nouveau periods .
demographically , it was the most diverse city in poland , with significant numbers of foreign-born inhabitants .
luther 's disappearance during his return trip back to wittenberg was planned .
the first commercial steam-powered device was a water pump , developed in 1698 by thomas savery .
northern rail provides local and regional services .
other than the campaigns to expel the acadians ( ranging around the bay of fundy , on the petitcodiac and st. john rivers , and île saint-jean ) , the only clashes of any size were at petitcodiac in 1755 and at bloody creek near annapolis royal in 1757 .
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story .
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions .
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites .
they predict that under a " business as usual " ( bau ) scenario , global mean temperature will increase by about 0.3 °c per decade during the [ 21st ] century .
the jameel gallery of islamic art , opened in 2006 , houses a representative display of 400 objects with the highlight being the ardabil carpet , the centrepiece of the gallery .
this basin encompasses 7,000,000 square kilometres ( 2,700,000 sq mi ) , of which 5,500,000 square kilometres ( 2,100,000 sq mi ) are covered by the rainforest .
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " .
the left side consist mainly of two levels : the highest one contains former flooded terraces and the lowest one the flood plain terrace .
a b cell identifies pathogens when antibodies on its surface bind to a specific foreign antigen .
it consists of filaments about 5 nanometers across , arranged in rows 6.4 nanometers apart , and shrinks to squeeze the chloroplast .
at the end of 1949 , movie theater operator united paramount theatres ( upt ) was forced by the u.s. supreme court to become an independent entity , separating itself from paramount pictures .
after debates , it was passed by parliament , the coalition would hold until the end of the current parliament or if either of the parties withdraws from the deal before then .
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons .
faith , for luther , was a gift from god ; the experience of being justified by faith was " as though i had been born again . "
by condensing the fluid , the work required by the pump consumes only 1 % to 3 % of the turbine power and contributes to a much higher efficiency for a real cycle .
a fine tribute to the fall of warsaw and history of poland can be found in the warsaw uprising museum and in the katyń museum which preserves the memory of the crime .
the warfare was definitively quelled in 1598 , when henry of navarre , having succeeded to the french throne as henry iv , and having recanted protestantism in favour of roman catholicism , issued the edict of nantes .
at the same time the mongols imported central asian muslims to serve as administrators in china , the mongols also sent han chinese and khitans from china to serve as administrators over the muslim population in bukhara in central asia , using foreigners to curtail the power of the local peoples of both lands .
warner tried with mixed success to adapt some of its most successful films as abc television series , and showcase these adaptations as part of the wheel series warner bros. presents .
cultural imperialism is when a country 's influence is felt in social and cultural circles , i.e .
[ j ] oxygen toxicity usually begins to occur at partial pressures more than 50 kilopascals ( kpa ) , equal to about 50 % oxygen composition at standard pressure or 2.5 times the normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure of about 21 kpa .
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 .
the efficiency of a rankine cycle is usually limited by the working fluid .
orthogonal force vectors can be three-dimensional with the third component being at right-angles to the other two .
these chloroplasts , which can be traced back directly to a cyanobacterial ancestor , are known as primary plastids ( " plastid " in this context means almost the same thing as chloroplast ) .
the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz is listed as a unesco world heritage site .
curiously , around half of the protein products of transferred genes are n't even targeted back to the chloroplast .
in september 1958 , bank of america launched a new product called bankamericard in fresno .
committees comprise a small number of msps , with membership reflecting the balance of parties across parliament .
the american broadcasting company ( abc ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) is an american commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the disney–abc television group , a subsidiary of disney media networks division of the walt disney company .
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts .
last year , 121,200 tonnes of pears and 270,000 tonnes of tomatoes were produced .
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers .
nevertheless , professor richard ( dick ) geary , former professor of modern history at the university of nottingham , england , and the author of hitler and nazism ( routledge 1993 ) , wrote in the journal history today an article on who voted for the nazis in elections held from 1928-1933 , where he claimed that from his research he found that the nazis gained disproportionately more votes from protestant than catholic areas of germany .
in 1984 zoologist graham twigg produced the first major work to challenge the bubonic plague theory directly , and his doubts about the identity of the black death have been taken up by a number of authors , including samuel k. cohn , jr. ( 2002 ) , david herlihy ( 1997 ) , and susan scott and christopher duncan ( 2001 ) .
the city has an extensive neoclassical centre referred to as tyneside classical largely developed in the 1830s by richard grainger and john dobson , and recently extensively restored .
the mongols ' extensive west asian and european contacts produced a fair amount of cultural exchange .
waterlogged roots can also cause starch buildup in the chloroplasts , possibly due to less sucrose being exported out of the chloroplast ( or more accurately , the plant cell ) .
a deterministic turing machine is the most basic turing machine , which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions .
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow .
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) .
the famous cavalry expedition led by subutai and jebe , in which they encircled the entire caspian sea defeating all armies in their path , remains unparalleled to this day , and word of the mongol triumphs began to trickle to other nations , particularly europe .
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma .
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai .
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz .
aristotle provided a philosophical discussion of the concept of a force as an integral part of aristotelian cosmology .
in 2012 the economist intelligence unit ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world .
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall .
various species of poison dart frogs secrete lipophilic alkaloid toxins through their flesh .
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time . after the series ' revival in 2005 ( the third notable period of high ratings ) , it has consistently had high viewership levels for the evening on which the episode is broadcast .
the descendants of rollo 's vikings and their frankish wives would replace the norse religion and old norse language with catholicism ( christianity ) and the gallo-romance language of the local people , blending their maternal frankish heritage with old norse traditions and customs to synthesize a unique " norman " culture in the north of france .
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent .
the bulk of huguenot émigrés relocated to protestant european nations such as england , wales , scotland , denmark , sweden , switzerland , the dutch republic , the electorate of brandenburg and electorate of the palatinate in the holy roman empire , the duchy of prussia , the channel islands , and ireland .
to provide against possible famines , granaries were ordered built throughout the empire .
the report , a two-page statement of the university 's policy in " social and political action , " declared that " to perform its mission in the society , a university must sustain an extraordinary environment of freedom of inquiry and maintain an independence from political fashions , passions , and pressures . "
reasons for extra-legal ownership include excessive bureaucratic red tape in buying property and building , in some countries it can take over 200 steps and up to 14 years to build on government land .
their ideology was also described as being influenced by wahhabism , and the extremist jihadism of their guest osama bin laden .
this suggests that the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was relatively recent , and perhaps was lucky enough to survive the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event 65.5 million years ago while other lineages perished .
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south .
despite an almost 500 % increase in advertising revenues between 1953 and 1958 , the network only had a national reach of between 10 % and 18 % of the total u.s. population , as it still had relatively fewer affiliates than nbc and cbs .
education is very important for the growth of the economy , however educational inequality in gender also influence towards the economy .
only a little time will pass before i can give it to the world . "
an extended lunar module weighed over 36,200 pounds ( 16,400 kg ) , and allowed surface stays of over 3 days .
indeed , for vice president agnew it has become a code-word describing the activities of muggers , arsonists , draft evaders , campaign hecklers , campus militants , anti-war demonstrators , juvenile delinquents and political assassins . "
the lor method had the advantage of allowing the lander spacecraft to be used as a " lifeboat " in the event of a failure of the command ship .
the static friction increases or decreases in response to the applied force up to an upper limit determined by the characteristics of the contact between the surface and the object .
acetone ( ( ch 3 ) 2co ) and phenol ( c 6h 5oh ) are used as feeder materials in the synthesis of many different substances .
the surface of most metals , such as aluminium and titanium , are oxidized in the presence of air and become coated with a thin film of oxide that passivates the metal and slows further corrosion .
another important library – the university library , founded in 1816 , is home to over two million items .
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill .
he believed that complete imitation of the prophet mohammad and his successors such as ali for restoration of sharia law was essential to islam , that many secular , westernizing muslims were actually agents of the west serving western interests , and that the acts such as " plundering " of muslim lands was part of a long-term conspiracy against islam by the western governments .
this trend may be gradually reversing as consultant pharmacists begin to work directly with patients , primarily because many elderly people are now taking numerous medications but continue to live outside of institutional settings .
the movement which would become the united methodist church began in the mid-18th century within the church of england .
if we allow polynomial variations in running time , cobham-edmonds thesis states that " the time complexities in any two reasonable and general models of computation are polynomially related " ( goldreich 2008 , chapter 1.2 ) .
a study in england showed a 0.3 % prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional , a group that included priests , religious leaders , and case workers as well as teachers .
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements .
the teacher may interact with students of different ages , from infants to adults , students with different abilities and students with learning disabilities .
others are sequential hermaphrodites , in which the eggs and sperm mature at different times .
scientists at the brazilian national institute of amazonian research argue in the article that this drought response , coupled with the effects of deforestation on regional climate , are pushing the rainforest towards a " tipping point " where it would irreversibly start to die .
once kennedy 's moon landing goal became official , detailed design began of a command/service module ( csm ) in which the crew would spend the entire direct-ascent mission and lift off from the lunar surface for the return trip , after being soft-landed by a larger landing propulsion module .
the apollo program succeeded in achieving its goal of manned lunar landing , despite the major setback of a 1967 apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test .
his most concrete effort to patronize chinese learning was founding the academy of the pavilion of the star of literature ( chinese : 奎章閣學士院 ) , first established in the spring of 1329 and designed to undertake " a number of tasks relating to the transmission of confucian high culture to the mongolian imperial establishment " .
for example , large numbers of human vγ9/vδ2 t cells respond within hours to common molecules produced by microbes , and highly restricted vδ1+ t cells in epithelia respond to stressed epithelial cells .
the skirmish of the brick church in 1862 just outside jacksonville proper resulted in the first confederate victory in florida .
after the successful siege of antioch in 1097 , bohemond began carving out an independent principality around that city .
while a child was in school , a teacher was expected to act as a substitute parent , with all the normal forms of parental discipline open to them .
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells .
primes are used in several routines in information technology , such as public-key cryptography , which makes use of properties such as the difficulty of factoring large numbers into their prime factors .
on december 7 , 1965 , goldenson announced a merger proposal with itt to abc management ; the two companies agreed to the deal on april 27 , 1966. the fcc approved the merger on december 21 , 1966 ; however , the previous day ( december 20 ) , donald f. turner , head antitrust regulator for the united states department of justice , expressed doubts related to such issues as the emerging cable television market , and concerns over the journalistic integrity of abc and how it could be influenced by the overseas ownership of itt .
tesla was able to perform integral calculus in his head , which prompted his teachers to believe that he was cheating .
if we repeat the test n times and pass every time , then the probability that our number is composite is 1/ ( 1-p ) n , which decreases exponentially with the number of tests , so we can be as sure as we like ( though never perfectly sure ) that the number is prime .
some disagree with such double or triple non-french linguistic origins , arguing that for the word to have spread into common use in france , it must have originated in the french language .
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards .
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas .
the name fresno means " ash tree " in spanish , and an ash leaf is featured on the city 's flag .
agreement was achieved on fourteen points out of fifteen , the exception being the nature of the eucharist – the sacrament of the lord 's supper—an issue crucial to luther .
in the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 % interest in cable sports channel espn , the network 's parent merged with capital cities communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations .
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) .
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) .
kublai secured the northeast border in 1259 by installing the hostage prince wonjong as the ruler of korea , making it a mongol tributary state .
southern california consists of one of the more varied collections of geologic , topographic , and natural ecosystem landscapes in a diversity outnumbering other major regions in the state and country .
the report , a two-page statement of the university 's policy in " social and political action , " declared that " to perform its mission in the society , a university must sustain an extraordinary environment of freedom of inquiry and maintain an independence from political fashions , passions , and pressures . "
while the reliability of this mechanism has not yet been studied for all relevant crop species , recent results in tobacco plants are promising , showing a failed containment rate of transplastomic plants at 3 in 1,000,000 .
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers .
warsaw university of technology is the second academic school of technology in the country , and one of the largest in east-central europe , employing 2,000 professors .
kenya 's inclusion among the beneficiaries of the us government 's african growth and opportunity act ( agoa ) has given a boost to manufacturing in recent years .
opened in 1850 by queen victoria , it was the first covered railway station in the world and was much copied across the uk .
this imagery has been in use since at least the mid-14th century .
in cpdna , there are several a → g deamination gradients .
lead authors of ipcc reports assess the available information about climate change based on published sources .
when some species , including bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera , are disturbed , they produce secretions ( ink ) that luminesce at much the same wavelengths as their bodies .
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality .
in 1987 , a united methodist church court in new hampshire defrocked methodist minister rose mary denman for openly living with a same-sex partner .
where the laws of member states provide for lesser rights european union law can be enforced by the courts of member states .
over the six years studied , the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by ipcc 's 2001 projection , and the actual sea level rise was above the top of the range of the ipcc projection .
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation .
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign. ” if a man chose to be an agent of injustice , then thoreau insisted on confronting him with the fact that he was making a choice .
the production of major food staples such as corn is subject to sharp weather-related fluctuations .
victoria contains many topographically , geologically and climatically diverse areas , ranging from the wet , temperate climate of gippsland in the southeast to the snow-covered victorian alpine areas which rise to almost 2,000 m ( 6,600 ft ) , with mount bogong the highest peak at 1,986 m ( 6,516 ft ) .
the university of warsaw was established in 1816 , when the partitions of poland separated warsaw from the oldest and most influential polish academic center , in kraków .
the cjeu 's duty is to " ensure that in the interpretation and application of the treaties the law is observed " , although realistically it has the ability to expand and develop the law according to the principles it deems to be appropriate .
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size .
outside the city centre , the largest suburban shopping areas are gosforth and byker .
the people of samarkand were ordered to evacuate and assemble in a plain outside the city , where they were killed and pyramids of severed heads raised as a symbol of victory .
peter capaldi took on the role after matt smith 's exit in the 2013 christmas special " the time of the doctor " .
it was the third-most watched u.s. broadcast ever .
for example , in his article , " a machine to end war " , published in 1937 , tesla stated :
tesla 's friend , julian hawthorne , wrote , " seldom did one meet a scientist or engineer who was also a poet , a philosopher , an appreciator of fine music , a linguist , and a connoisseur of food and drink .
the coordinating lead authors are responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors , ensuring that they meet stylistic and formatting requirements , and reporting to the working group chairs .
the only reference to immigrant lacemakers in this period is of twenty-five widows who settled in dover , and there is no contemporary documentation to support there being huguenot lacemakers in bedfordshire .
the most famous traveler of the period was the venetian marco polo , whose account of his trip to " cambaluc , " the capital of the great khan , and of life there astounded the people of europe .
the presiding officer and deputies are elected by a secret ballot of the 129 msps , which is the only secret ballot conducted in the scottish parliament .
the function of the teacher is to pressure the lazy , inspire the bored , deflate the cocky , encourage the timid , detect and correct individual flaws , and broaden the viewpoint of all .
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy .
[ not in citation given ] the regional nickname and dialect for people from newcastle and the surrounding area is geordie .
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict .
for example , an object suspended on a vertical spring scale experiences the force of gravity acting on the object balanced by a force applied by the " spring reaction force " , which equals the object 's weight .
it has a neoclassical façade , originally designed by the architect john dobson , and was constructed in collaboration with robert stephenson .
to further highlight the difference between a problem and an instance , consider the following instance of the decision version of the traveling salesman problem : is there a route of at most 2000 kilometres passing through all of germany 's 15 largest cities ?
reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation .
the role of committees is stronger in the scottish parliament than in other parliamentary systems , partly as a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the government and partly to compensate for the fact that there is no revising chamber .
according to the second law of thermodynamics , nonconservative forces necessarily result in energy transformations within closed systems from ordered to more random conditions as entropy increases .
daniel burke departed from capital cities/abc in february 1994 , with thomas murphy taking over as president before ceding control to robert iger .
the fee-paying schools are usually run by a religious order , i.e. , the society of jesus or congregation of christian brothers , etc .
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012. kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip .
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach .
john dunn , inventor of keyed northumbrian smallpipes , the most characteristic musical instrument in the region , lived and worked in the city .
he is shown in mini-episode " the night of the doctor " to have been retroactively inserted into the show 's fictional chronology between mcgann and eccleston 's doctors , although his introduction was written so as not to disturb the established numerical naming of the doctors .
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city .
as in the house of commons , a number of qualifications apply to being an msp .
evidence accumulating since the 1980s indicates that the " cydippids " are not monophyletic , in other words do not include all and only the descendants of a single common ancestor , because all the other traditional ctenophore groups are descendants of various cydippids .
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions .
a turing machine is a mathematical model of a general computing machine .
hayri abaza argues the failure to distinguish between islam and islamism leads many in the west to support illiberal islamic regimes , to the detriment of progressive moderates who seek to separate religion from politics .
hutton published a two-volume version of his ideas in 1795 ( vol .
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block .
the city is the seat of a roman catholic archdiocese ( left bank of the vistula ) and diocese ( right bank ) , and possesses various universities , most notably the polish academy of sciences and the university of warsaw , two opera houses , theatres , museums , libraries and monuments .
some suggest that marco polo acquired much of his knowledge through contact with persian traders since many of the places he named were in persian .
the rankine cycle and most practical steam engines have a water pump to recycle or top up the boiler water , so that they may be run continuously .
for a while , frame relay was used to interconnect lans across wide area networks . however , x.25 and well as frame relay have been supplanted by the internet protocol ( ip ) at the network layer , and the asynchronous transfer mode ( atm ) and or versions of multi-protocol label switching ( mpls ) at layer two .
a typical configuration is to run ip over atm or a version of mpls .
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc .
a version was taken up by the author henry david thoreau in his essay civil disobedience , and later by gandhi in his doctrine of satyagraha .
new athletes gained attention , such as pamela jelimo , the women 's 800m gold medalist who went ahead to win the iaaf golden league jackpot , and samuel wanjiru who won the men 's marathon .
after the 1940s , the gothic style on campus began to give way to modern styles .
at state level , the parliament of victoria consists of the legislative assembly ( the lower house ) and the legislative council ( the upper house ) .
in 1564 a group of norman huguenots under the leadership of jean ribault established the small colony of fort caroline on the banks of the st. johns river in what is today jacksonville , florida .
warsaw , especially its city centre ( śródmieście ) , is home not only to many national institutions and government agencies , but also to many domestic and international companies .
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles .
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock .
at the launch in march 2013 , the secretary of the ministry of planning , national development and vision 2030 emphasised that climate will be a central issue in the renewed medium term plan that will be launched in the coming months .
however , this was replaced by sky three on 31 october 2005 , which was itself later re-branded as 'pick tv ' in 2011 .
meanwhile , the relationship between non-human primates in the subsistence and symbolism of indigenous lowland south american peoples has gained increased attention , as have ethno-biology and community-based conservation efforts .
there are 3 main bus companies providing services in the city ; arriva north east , go north east and stagecoach north east .
wages work in the same way as prices for any other good .
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance .
while the preparation of the assessment reports is a major ipcc function , it also supports other activities , such as the data distribution centre and the national greenhouse gas inventories programme , required under the unfccc .
the grateful king bestowed the motto " fortiter defendit triumphans " ( " triumphing by a brave defence " ) upon the town .
leopold kronenberg palace ) .
by the races of highest 'social efficiency ' " .
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense .
the negotiations were successfully concluded on 17 february 1546. after 8 a.m. , he experienced chest pains .
if a lawyer wishes to help a client overcome legal obstacles to securing her or his natural rights , he might , for instance , find that assisting in fabricating evidence or committing perjury is more effective than open disobedience .
the plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of british bacteriologist j. f. d. shrewsbury in 1970 , who noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague , leading him to conclude that contemporary accounts were exaggerations .
the islamic republic has also maintained its hold on power in iran in spite of us economic sanctions , and has created or assisted like-minded shia terrorist groups in iraq , egypt , syria , jordan ( sciri ) and lebanon ( hezbollah ) ( two muslim countries that also have large shiite populations ) .
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools .
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections .
plant chloroplasts provide plant cells with many important things besides sugar , and apicoplasts are no different—they synthesize fatty acids , isopentenyl pyrophosphate , iron-sulfur clusters , and carry out part of the heme pathway .
by the pliocene period , the rhine had captured streams down to the vosges mountains , including the mosel , the main and the neckar .
despite their soft , gelatinous bodies , fossils thought to represent ctenophores , apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms , have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early cambrian , about 515 million years ago .
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir .
in tibetan buddhism the teachers of dharma in tibet are most commonly called a lama .
the colonization of india in the mid-18th century offers an example of this focus : there , the " british exploited the political weakness of the mughal state , and , while military activity was important at various times , the economic and administrative incorporation of local elites was also of crucial significance " for the establishment of control over the subcontinent 's resources , markets , and manpower .
the tentilla of euplokamis differ significantly from those of other cydippids : they contain striated muscle , a cell type otherwise unknown in the phylum ctenophora ; and they are coiled when relaxed , while the tentilla of all other known ctenophores elongate when relaxed .
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta .
in southern california there are also twelve cities with more than 200,000 residents and 34 cities over 100,000 in population .
in hinduism the spiritual teacher is known as a guru , and , in many traditions of hinduism - especially those common in the west - the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high , with gurus often exercising a great deal of control over the lives of their disciples .
a dry type cooling tower is similar to an automobile radiator and is used in locations where water is costly .
historically , the methodist church has supported the temperance movement .
toghrul allied himself with jamukha , who already opposed temüjin 's forces ; however , the internal dispute between toghrul and jamukha , plus the desertion of a number of their allies to temüjin , led to toghrul 's defeat .
in normal green chloroplasts , the vast majority of plastoglobuli occur singularly , attached directly to their parent thylakoid .
the average fee is around €5,000 annually for most schools , but some of these schools also provide boarding and the fees may then rise up to €25,000 per year .
during the english civil war , the north declared for the king .
in 1917 , around the time that the wardenclyffe tower was demolished by boldt to make the land a more viable real estate asset , tesla received aiee 's highest honor , the edison medal .
jacksonville is in the first coast region of northeast florida and is centered on the banks of the st. johns river , about 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of the georgia state line and about 340 miles ( 550 km ) north of miami .
as a result of the russo-japanese war in 1905 , japan took part of sakhalin island from russia .
the public art pieces will be restored and placed near their current locations and will feature wide sidewalks ( up to 28 ' on the east side of the street ) to continue with the pedestrian friendly environment of the district .
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323. he continued his father 's policies to reform the government based on the confucian principles , with the help of his newly appointed grand chancellor baiju .
by the time of the miocene , a river system had developed in the upper rhine graben , that continued northward and is considered the first rhine river .
after al-nimeiry was overthrown in 1985 the party did poorly in national elections , but in 1989 it was able to overthrow the elected post-al-nimeiry government with the help of the military .
the war in north america officially ended with the signing of the treaty of paris on 10 february 1763 , and war in the european theatre of the seven years ' war was settled by the treaty of hubertusburg on 15 february 1763. the british offered france the choice of surrendering either its continental north american possessions east of the mississippi or the caribbean islands of guadeloupe and martinique , which had been occupied by the british .
each granum can contain anywhere from two to a hundred thylakoids , though grana with 10–20 thylakoids are most common .
the user datagram protocol ( udp ) is an example of a datagram protocol .
the neighborhood features restaurants , live theater and nightclubs , as well as several independent shops and bookstores , currently operating on or near olive avenue , and all within a few hundred feet of each other .
a function problem is a computational problem where a single output ( of a total function ) is expected for every input , but the output is more complex than that of a decision problem , that is , it is n't just yes or no .
sky uk limited ( formerly british sky broadcasting or bskyb ) is a british telecommunications company which serves the united kingdom .
one of the things tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887 was an induction motor that ran on alternating current , a power system format that was starting to be built in europe and the united states because of its advantages in long-distance , high-voltage transmission .
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river .
luther responded to these theses with six series of theses against agricola and the antinomians , four of which became the basis for disputations between 1538 and 1540. he also responded to these assertions in other writings , such as his 1539 open letter to c. güttel against the antinomians , and his book on the councils and the church from the same year .
elders may also be assigned as district superintendents , and they are eligible for election to the episcopacy .
the united methodist church is the largest denomination within the wider methodist movement , which has approximately 80 million adherents across the world .
between about ad 14 and 180 , the assignment of legions was as follows : for the army of germania inferior , two legions at vetera ( xanten ) , i germanica and xx valeria ( pannonian troops ) ; two legions at oppidum ubiorum ( " town of the ubii " ) , which was renamed to colonia agrippina , descending to cologne , v alaudae , a celtic legion recruited from gallia narbonensis and xxi , possibly a galatian legion from the other side of the empire .
however , this oft-quoted saying of tetzel was by no means representative of contemporary catholic teaching on indulgences , but rather a reflection of his capacity to exaggerate .
from december 1539 , luther became implicated in the bigamy of philip i , landgrave of hesse , who wanted to marry one of his wife 's ladies-in-waiting .
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals .
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view .
the catechism is one of luther 's most personal works .
in 1998 , the metropolitan police authority filed an objection to the trade mark claim ; but in 2002 , the patent office ruled in favour of the bbc .
tesla made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-world war i environment in a printed article , " science and discovery are the great forces which will lead to the consummation of the war " ( 20 december 1914 ) .
french huguenot explorer jean ribault charted the st. johns river in 1562 calling it the river of may because he discovered it in may .
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier .
let 's say ten times more . "
this decrease in wages caused a period of compression and decreased inequality between skilled and unskilled workers .
tesla later approached morgan to ask for more funds to build a more powerful transmitter .
the show has received recognition as one of britain 's finest television programmes , winning the 2006 british academy television award for best drama series and five consecutive ( 2005–2010 ) awards at the national television awards during russell t davies ' tenure as executive producer .
under the deal , the president would appoint cabinet ministers from both pnu and odm camps depending on each party 's strength in parliament .
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays .
much of the discharge was routed to the rhine and its downstream extension .
non-combustion heat sources such as solar power , nuclear power or geothermal energy may be used .
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 .
european union law is applied by the courts of member states and the court of justice of the european union .
he concentrated on the church in the electorate of saxony , acting only as an adviser to churches in new territories , many of which followed his saxon model .
under the norman abbot robert de grantmesnil , several monks of saint-evroul fled to southern italy , where they were patronised by robert guiscard and established a latin monastery at sant'eufemia .
some customers consider this to be more convenient and private method rather than traveling to a community drugstore where another customer might overhear about the drugs that they take .
bskyb has design authority over all digital satellite receivers capable of receiving their service .
by mass , oxygen is the third-most abundant element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium .
nearly 50,000 huguenots established themselves in germany , 20,000 of whom were welcomed in brandenburg-prussia , where they were granted special privileges ( edict of potsdam ) and churches in which to worship ( such as the church of st. peter and st. paul , angermünde ) by frederick william , elector of brandenburg and duke of prussia .
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility .
the hoppings funfair , said to be the largest travelling funfair in europe , is held here annually in june .
when finally edward the confessor returned from his father 's refuge in 1041 , at the invitation of his half-brother harthacnut , he brought with him a norman-educated mind .
plague remained a major event in ottoman society until the second quarter of the 19th century .
this phenomenon is known as the west lothian question and has led to criticism .
average temperatures exceed 32 °c ( 90 °f ) during summer and 15 °c ( 59 °f ) in winter .
the three-stage saturn v was designed to send a fully fueled csm and lm to the moon .
platyctenids are usually cryptically colored , live on rocks , algae , or the body surfaces of other invertebrates , and are often revealed by their long tentacles with many sidebranches , seen streaming off the back of the ctenophore into the current .
some members of this community emigrated to the united states in the 1890s .
if the mayor vetoes a bill , the council has 30 days to override the veto by a two-thirds majority vote .
tesla could be harsh at times and openly expressed disgust for overweight people , such as when he fired a secretary because of her weight .
annual tuition fees at k-12 schools range from nothing at so called 'tuition-free ' schools to more than $ 45,000 at several new england preparatory schools .
in a progressive tax system , the level of the top tax rate will often have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society , either increasing it or decreasing it , provided that income does not change as a result of the change in tax regime .
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds .
there are 131 seats in the debating chamber .
in 1562 , naval officer jean ribault led an expedition that explored florida and the present-day southeastern u.s. , and founded the outpost of charlesfort on parris island , south carolina .
the merger was suspended , and a complaint was filed by the department of justice in july 1967 , with itt going to trial in october 1967 ; the merger was officially canceled after the trial 's conclusion on january 1 , 1968 .
chloroplasts can grow and progress through some of the constriction stages under poor quality green light , but are slow to complete division—they require exposure to bright white light to complete division .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary .
the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the middle east , across all sectors , job types and levels of experience , is £42,090 , compared to £26,719 in the uk .
in the analog versions of these experiments , horizontal layers of sand are pulled along a lower surface into a back stop , which results in realistic-looking patterns of faulting and the growth of a critically tapered ( all angles remain the same ) orogenic wedge .
at this time , none of the tribal confederations of mongolia were united politically , and arranged marriages were often used to solidify temporary alliances .
a platted town was established there in 1822 , a year after the united states gained florida from spain ; it was named after andrew jackson , the first military governor of the florida territory and seventh president of the united states .
the climate in newcastle is oceanic ( köppen cfb ) and significantly milder than some other locations in the world at a similar latitude , due to the warming influence of the gulf stream ( via the north atlantic drift ) .
the grainger market replaced an earlier market originally built in 1808 called the butcher market .
a new arrangement of the theme , once again by gold , was introduced in the 2007 christmas special episode , " voyage of the damned " ; gold returned as composer for the 2010 series .
at the start of the war , the french north american colonies had a population of roughly 60,000 european settlers , compared with 2 million in the british north american colonies .
this milieu is also thought to support the formation of long-lasting immune memory through the initiation of th1 immune responses .
in conjunction , shirley was made aware that the french were massing for an attack on fort oswego in his absence when he planned to attack fort niagara .
chicago 's physics department helped develop the world 's first man-made , self-sustaining nuclear reaction beneath the university 's stagg field .
in the southern north sea , due to ongoing tectonic subsidence , the sea level is still rising , at the rate of about 1–3 cm ( 0.39–1.18 in ) per century ( 1 metre or 39 inches in last 3000 years ) .
it is currently the fastest growing sector of the pharmaceutical industry with 19 of 28 newly fda approved medications in 2013 being specialty drugs .
the essence is there are three readings , starting with a commission proposal , where the parliament must vote by a majority of all meps ( not just those present ) to block or suggest changes , and the council must vote by qualified majority to approve changes , but by unanimity to block commission amendment .
on 18 november 2015 , sky announced sky q , a range of products and services to be available in 2016. the sky q range consists of three set top boxes ( sky q , sky q silver and sky q mini ) , a broadband router ( sky q hub ) and mobile applications .
building construction is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings .
he eventually surrendered in northern rhodesia ( today zambia ) fourteen days after the armistice was signed in 1918 .
in the us production , distribution and price disruptions " have been held responsible for recessions , periods of excessive inflation , reduced productivity , and lower economic growth . "
in 1750 christopher gist , acting on behalf of both virginia and the company , explored the ohio territory and opened negotiations with the indian tribes at logstown .
the merged company , renamed american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc. and headquartered in the paramount building at 1501 broadway in manhattan , owned six am and several fm radio stations , five television stations and 644 cinemas in 300 u.s. cities .
it is usually recognized that lawbreaking , if it is not done publicly , at least must be publicly announced in order to constitute civil disobedience .
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems .
they were licensed by st. george 's church in 1784. three years later , protesting racial segregation in the worship services , allen led most of the black members out of st. george 's ; eventually they founded the mother bethel a.m.e. church and the african methodist episcopal denomination .
for example , in extended fluids , differences in pressure result in forces being directed along the pressure gradients as follows :
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side .
stromules are very rare in chloroplasts , and are much more common in other plastids like chromoplasts and amyloplasts in petals and roots , respectively .
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989. american composer john debney created a new arrangement of ron grainer 's original theme for doctor who in 1996. for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series .
both innate and adaptive immunity depend on the ability of the immune system to distinguish between self and non-self molecules .
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series .
unlike animals , plants lack phagocytic cells , but many plant immune responses involve systemic chemical signals that are sent through a plant .
in september 1760 , and before any hostilities erupted , governor vaudreuil negotiated from montreal a capitulation with general amherst .
many of these designations are recent—upon completion of the western bypass , and its designation as the new line of the a1 , the roads between this and the a1 's former alignment through the tyne tunnel were renumbered , with many city centre roads changing from a 6-prefix to their present 1-prefix numbers .
luther rarely encountered jews during his life , but his attitudes reflected a theological and cultural tradition which saw jews as a rejected people guilty of the murder of christ , and he lived within a local community that had expelled jews some ninety years earlier .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
thoreau , at the time of his arrest , was not yet a well-known author , and his arrest was not covered in any newspapers in the days , weeks and months after it happened .
in official chinese histories , the yuan dynasty bore the mandate of heaven , following the song dynasty and preceding the ming dynasty .
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water .
pattern recognition receptors are proteins used by nearly all organisms to identify molecules associated with pathogens .
skylab 's last crew departed the station on february 8 , 1974 , and the station itself re-entered the atmosphere in 1979 , by which time it had become the oldest operational apollo-saturn component .
a " plugs-out " test was planned for january , which would simulate a launch countdown on lc-34 with the spacecraft transferring from pad-supplied to internal power .
transform boundaries , such as the san andreas fault system , resulted in widespread powerful earthquakes .
kublai besieged xiangyang between 1268 and 1273 , the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich yangzi river basin .
a consortium led by the international crops research institute for the semi-arid tropics ( icrisat ) has had some success in helping farmers grow new pigeon pea varieties , instead of maize , in particularly dry areas .
there are three major types of rock : igneous , sedimentary , and metamorphic .
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season .
in july 1977 , general zia-ul-haq overthrew prime minister zulfiqar ali bhutto 's regime in pakistan .
in works such as la nativité du seigneur ( 1935 ) and quatre études de rythme ( 1949–50 ) , he simultaneously employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers to create unpredictable rhythms : the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in the third étude , " neumes rythmiques " .
some modern scholars , such as fielding h. garrison , are of the opinion that the origin of the science of geology can be traced to persia after the muslim conquests had come to an end .
his biblical ideal of congregations ' choosing their own ministers had proved unworkable .
louise de coligny , daughter of the murdered huguenot leader gaspard de coligny , married william the silent , leader of the dutch ( calvinist ) revolt against spanish ( catholic ) rule .
hank marvin and bruce welch were both former pupils of rutherford grammar school , actors charlie hunnam and james scott , entertainers ant and dec and international footballers michael carrick and alan shearer were born in newcastle .
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away .
some jellyfish and turtles eat large quantities of ctenophores , and jellyfish may temporarily wipe out ctenophore populations .
by staging the expansion in multiple cylinders , torque variability can be reduced .
paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms to determine what the climate was like millions of years ago ( see oxygen isotope ratio cycle ) .
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season .
king malcolm iii of scotland married edgar 's sister margaret , and came into opposition to william who had already disputed scotland 's southern borders .
this triggered one of the largest gold rushes the world has ever seen .
since about the year 2000 , a growing number of internet pharmacies have been established worldwide .
controlled , experimental studies exploring intrinsic motivation of college students has shown that nonverbal expressions of enthusiasm , such as demonstrative gesturing , dramatic movements which are varied , and emotional facial expressions , result in college students reporting higher levels of intrinsic motivation to learn .
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire .
for the purposes of parliamentary sovereignty , the parliament of the united kingdom at westminster continues to constitute the supreme legislature of scotland .
in 1639 , the college was renamed harvard college after deceased clergyman john harvard , who was an alumnus of the university of cambridge .
sweden rationed gasoline and heating oil .
for example , 5 is prime because 1 and 5 are its only positive integer factors , whereas 6 is composite because it has the divisors 2 and 3 in addition to 1 and 6. the fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes the central role of primes in number theory : any integer greater than 1 can be expressed as a product of primes that is unique up to ordering .
in 1881 , tesla moved to budapest to work under ferenc puskás at a telegraph company , the budapest telephone exchange .
tesla could be harsh at times and openly expressed disgust for overweight people , such as when he fired a secretary because of her weight .
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage .
to partially remedy the wealth gap and the resulting slow growth , s & p recommended increasing access to education .
dane was killed in a horse-riding accident when nikola was five .
bskyb has no veto over the presence of channels on their epg , with open access being an enforced part of their operating licence from ofcom .
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block .
its existence was first proved in 1962 , and first sequenced in 1986—when two japanese research teams sequenced the chloroplast dna of liverwort and tobacco .
upon their arrival in new amsterdam , huguenots were offered land directly across from manhattan on long island for a permanent settlement and chose the harbor at the end of newtown creek , becoming the first europeans to live in brooklyn , then known as boschwick , in the neighborhood now known as bushwick .
" great mongol state " ) , resulting in dai ön yeke mongghul ulus ( mongolian script : ) , meaning " great yuan great mongol state " .
available studies support a performance boost from enriched o 2 mixtures only if they are breathed during aerobic exercise .
within the los angeles area are the major business districts of downtown burbank , downtown santa monica , downtown glendale and downtown long beach .
tesla investigated atmospheric electricity , observing lightning signals via his receivers .
there are many forms of spiritual or religious teachers in christianity , across all three major traditions - ( roman ) catholic , ( eastern ) orthodox catholic , and protestant/non-denominational , with a stronger tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical christian traditions with a long tradition of " discernment of spirits " , of vocations , and other aspects of spiritual life , especially the roman and orthodox catholic churches .
on average , women are more likely than men to consider factors other than pay when looking for work , and may be less willing to travel or relocate .
luther journeyed to mansfeld twice in late 1545 to participate in the negotiations for a settlement , and a third visit was needed in early 1546 for their completion .
the ad valorem property tax policy combined with rising prices made it difficult or impossible for low income residents to keep pace .
the aare more than doubles the rhine 's water discharge , to an average of nearly 1,000 m3/s ( 35,000 cu ft/s ) , and provides more than a fifth of the discharge at the dutch border .
steam engines frequently possess two independent mechanisms for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high ; one may be adjusted by the user , the second is typically designed as an ultimate fail-safe .
as of august 2009 [ update ] , the chairman of the board of trustees is andrew alper , and the president of the university is robert zimmer .
in 1912 , he crafted " a plan to make dull students bright by saturating them unconsciously with electricity , " wiring the walls of a schoolroom and , " saturating [ the schoolroom ] with infinitesimal electric waves vibrating at high frequency .
oxygen gas can also be produced through electrolysis of water into molecular oxygen and hydrogen .
the v & a covers 12.5 acres ( 51,000 m2 ) and 145 galleries .
after several months of negotiations , the government of the duke of newcastle decided to send an army expedition the following year to dislodge the french .
in scotland , anyone wishing to teach must be registered with the general teaching council for scotland ( gtcs ) .
the greens , who won their first lower house seats in 2014 , are strongest in inner melbourne .
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor .
as of 2012 [ update ] , harvard university had a total financial aid reserve of $ 159 million for students , and a pell grant reserve of $ 4.093 million available for disbursement .
the two us navy bases , blount island command and the nearby naval submarine base kings bay form the third largest military presence in the united states .
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages .
from their original homelands in scandinavia and northern europe , germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western europe in the middle period of classical antiquity ; southern europe in late antiquity , conquering celtic and other peoples ; and by 800 ce , forming the holy roman empire , the first german empire .
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section .
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism .
average annual precipitation is around 11.5 inches ( 292.1 mm ) , which , by definition , would classify the area as a semidesert .
for antiparallel spins the position variables must be symmetric ( i.e .
warsaw provides many examples of architecture from the gothic , renaissance , baroque and neoclassical periods , and around a quarter of the city is filled with luxurious parks and royal gardens .
in 2012 it investigated the maltese commissioner for health , john dalli , who quickly resigned after allegations that he received a €60m bribe in connection with a tobacco products directive .
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea .
it won five bafta tv awards , including best drama series , the highest-profile and most prestigious british television award for which the series has ever been nominated .
eventually , he sold wardenclyffe for $ 20,000 ( $ 472,500 in today 's dollars ) .
newcastle has a horse racing course at gosforth park .
perhaps surprisingly , each of these models can be converted to another without providing any extra computational power .
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010. that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004. ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase .
in germany , teachers are mainly civil servants recruited in special university classes , called lehramtstudien ( teaching education studies ) .
its major thoroughfares are kings canyon avenue and clovis avenue .
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility .
:251 although the aircraft was probably impractical , it may be the earliest known design for what became the tiltrotor/tilt-wing concept as well as the earliest proposal for the use of turbine engines in rotor aircraft .
in marine service , ( pioneered on the turbinia ) , steam turbines with reduction gearing ( although the turbinia has direct turbines to propellers with no reduction gearbox ) dominated large ship propulsion throughout the late 20th century , being more efficient ( and requiring far less maintenance ) than reciprocating steam engines .
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " .
the 2005 series reveals that the ninth doctor thought he was the last surviving time lord , and that his home planet had been destroyed ; in " the empty child " ( 2005 ) , dr. constantine states that , " before the war even began , i was a father and a grandfather .
imperialism was a basic component to the conquests of genghis khan during the mongol empire , and of other war-lords .
while the fulton mall corridor has suffered a sharp decline from its heyday , the mall includes some of the finest public art pieces in the country , including the only pierre-auguste renoir piece in the world that one can walk up to and touch .
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . "
formed in november 1990 by the equal merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting , bskyb became the uk 's largest digital subscription television company .
two tourist railways operate over 760 mm ( 2 ft 6 in ) narrow gauge lines , which are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines which were built in mountainous areas .
two tourist railways operate over 760 mm ( 2 ft 6 in ) narrow gauge lines , which are the remnants of five formerly government-owned lines which were built in mountainous areas .
this is designated as a " design build " contract where the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction , while adhering to the performance specifications .
packet switching contrasts with another principal networking paradigm , circuit switching , a method which pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session , each having a constant bit rate and latency between nodes .
in 1929 , the university 's fifth president , robert maynard hutchins , took office ; the university underwent many changes during his 24-year tenure .
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium .
[ citation needed ] figures remained respectable into the 1980s , but fell noticeably after the programme 's 23rd series was postponed in 1985 and the show was off the air for 18 months . its late 1980s performance of three to five million viewers was seen as poor at the time and was , according to the bbc board of control , a leading cause of the programme 's 1989 suspension .
this is similar to the 1988 continuation of mission impossible , but differs from most other series relaunches which have either been reboots ( for example , battlestar galactica and bionic woman [ citation needed ] ) or set in the same universe as the original but in a different time period and with different characters ( for example , star trek : the next generation and spin-offs [ citation needed ] ) .
some priests and former religious had already married , including andreas karlstadt and justus jonas , but luther 's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage .
the current premier of victoria is daniel andrews .
years before his death , genghis khan asked to be buried without markings , according to the customs of his tribe .
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn .
this gives a theoretical carnot efficiency of about 63 % compared with an actual efficiency of 42 % for a modern coal-fired power station .
:245 the nobel foundation said , " any rumor that a person has not been given a nobel prize because he has made known his intention to refuse the reward is ridiculous " ; a recipient could only decline a nobel prize after he is announced a winner .
the affected region was approximate 1,160,000 square miles ( 3,000,000 km2 ) of rainforest , compared to 734,000 square miles ( 1,900,000 km2 ) in 2005. the 2010 drought had three epicenters where vegetation died off , whereas in 2005 the drought was focused on the southwestern part .
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) .
it was only in 1489 that the venetians acquired full control of the island , which remained a christian stronghold until the fall of famagusta in 1571 .
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary .
this is often interpreted as meaning the outer chloroplast membrane is the product of the host 's cell membrane infolding to form a vesicle to surround the ancestral cyanobacterium—which is not true—both chloroplast membranes are homologous to the cyanobacterium 's original double membranes .
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas .
the historian fred anderson suggests that tanaghrisson was acting to gain the support of the british and regain authority over his own people . they had been inclined to support the french , with whom they had long trading relationships .
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude .
the pseudo-sciences of social darwinism and theories of race formed an ideological underpinning during this time .
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 .
engineers working for the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company reported to george westinghouse that tesla had a viable ac motor and related power system — something for which westinghouse had been trying to secure patents .
there are two known species , with worldwide distribution in warm , and warm-temperate waters : cestum veneris ( " venus ' girdle " ) is among the largest ctenophores – up to 1.5 meters ( 4.9 ft ) long , and can undulate slowly or quite rapidly .
in the summers , temperature ranges are 90-60 's while as winters are 70-50 's , usually all of southern california have mediterranean climate .
in 2006 , internet2 announced a partnership with level 3 communications to launch a brand new nationwide network , boosting its capacity from 10 gbit/s to 100 gbit/s .
the invading normans and their descendants replaced the anglo-saxons as the ruling class of england .
about 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) from warsaw , the vistula river 's environment changes strikingly and features a perfectly preserved ecosystem , with a habitat of animals that includes the otter , beaver and hundreds of bird species .
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night .
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game .
