other components are often present ; pumps ( such as an injector ) to supply water to the boiler during operation , condensers to recirculate the water and recover the latent heat of vaporisation , and superheaters to raise the temperature of the steam above its saturated vapour point , and various mechanisms to increase the draft for fireboxes . <SEP> what components ?
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan . <SEP> what ?
many devices such as the tesla coil were used in the further development of radio . <SEP> which of tesla 's inventions ?
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth . <SEP> what story of little truth ?
in 1914 developers billings & meyering acquired the tract , completed street development , provided the last of the necessary municipal improvements including water service , and began marketing the property with fervor . <SEP> in what year ?
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . ) <SEP> what schools ?
during the acute phase of inflammation , particularly as a result of bacterial infection , neutrophils migrate toward the site of inflammation in a process called chemotaxis , and are usually the first cells to arrive at the scene of infection . <SEP> what ?
the final part of the museum designed by scott was the art library and what is now the sculpture gallery on the south side of the garden , built 1877–83 , the exterior mosaic panels in the parapet were designed by reuben townroe who also designed the plaster work in the library , sir john taylor designed the book shelves and cases , also this was the first part of the museum to have electric lighting . <SEP> where ?
continuing the style of the earlier buildings , various designers were responsible for the decoration , the terracotta embellishments were again the work of godfrey sykes , although sgraffito was used to decorate the east side of the building designed by f. w. moody , a final embellishment were the wrought iron gates made as late as 1885 designed by starkie gardner , these lead to a passage through the building . <SEP> what technique ?
the emphasis on spiritual mentorship in the lds church is similar to that in the more " low-church " traditions of protestantism , with a stronger emphasis placed on the husband and father of a family to provide spiritual guidance for all of his family , ideally in consultation with his wife , even if the husband is not a member of the lds church , based on interpretatios of certain biblical texts which proclaim the spiritual authority of husbands in marriage . <SEP> who ?
in 2005 , there were about 8 million members in over 34,000 congregations . <SEP> approximately how many members ?
it is home to 60 % of australia 's 3 million dairy cattle and produces nearly two-thirds of the nation 's milk , almost 6.4 billion litres . <SEP> how many dairy cows ?
computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty , and relating those classes to each other . <SEP> by what main attribute ?
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church . <SEP> who ?
over time , the cyanobacterium was assimilated , and many of its genes were lost or transferred to the nucleus of the host . <SEP> what ?
in 1996 , the bbc applied for a trade mark to use the tardis ' blue police box design in merchandising associated with doctor who . <SEP> what ?
he came back to lahore in 1908. while dividing his time between law practice and philosophical poetry , iqbal had remained active in the muslim league . <SEP> what year ?
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose . <SEP> where ?
water ( h2o ) and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) are used in photosynthesis , and sugar and oxygen ( o2 ) is made , using light energy . <SEP> what ?
in 1781 james watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotary motion . <SEP> who ?
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin . <SEP> where ?
this produces a catalytic cascade that amplifies the initial signal by controlled positive feedback . <SEP> what type of cascade ?
in 2012 the economist intelligence unit ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world . <SEP> who ?
in low-light conditions , they will spread out in a sheet—maximizing the surface area to absorb light . <SEP> when ?
tesla wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals . <SEP> who ?
their defeat by the swabian league at the battle of frankenhausen on 15 may 1525 , followed by müntzer 's execution , brought the revolutionary stage of the reformation to a close . <SEP> what event ?
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century . <SEP> what region of the rhine ?
as of august 2009 [ update ] , the chairman of the board of trustees is andrew alper , and the president of the university is robert zimmer . <SEP> what ?
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl . <SEP> what ?
oxygen is also stored and shipped in smaller cylinders containing the compressed gas ; a form that is useful in certain portable medical applications and oxy-fuel welding and cutting . <SEP> in what form ?
in response to demands for a german liturgy , luther wrote a german mass , which he published in early 1526. he did not intend it as a replacement for his 1523 adaptation of the latin mass but as an alternative for the " simple people " , a " public stimulation for people to believe and become christians . " <SEP> when ?
the rousing success of happy days also led to a successful spin-off series , laverne & shirley , which debuted in 1976. charlie 's angels and three 's company ( which debuted in 1977 ) were two prime examples of a trend among the major networks during the 1970s known as " jiggle tv " , featuring attractive , often buxom , women in main and guest roles . <SEP> what spinoff of happy days ?
he bolstered his popularity among his subjects by modeling his government on the bureaucracy of traditional chinese dynasties and adopting the chinese era name of zhongtong . <SEP> what chinese era name ?
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them . <SEP> what ?
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves . <SEP> what position ?
his patented ac induction motor and transformer were licensed by george westinghouse , who also hired tesla for a short time as a consultant . <SEP> what other invention of tesla 's ?
nearly 50,000 huguenots established themselves in germany , 20,000 of whom were welcomed in brandenburg-prussia , where they were granted special privileges ( edict of potsdam ) and churches in which to worship ( such as the church of st. peter and st. paul , angermünde ) by frederick william , elector of brandenburg and duke of prussia . <SEP> what dual titles ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> which louisiana venue ?
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989. american composer john debney created a new arrangement of ron grainer 's original theme for doctor who in 1996. for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series . <SEP> who ?
sudden cabin pressure loss activates chemical oxygen generators above each seat , causing oxygen masks to drop . <SEP> what ?
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching . <SEP> what things ?
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits . <SEP> when ?
phycobilins come in all colors , though phycoerytherin is one of the pigments that makes many red algae red . <SEP> what color ?
these normans began a long period of slow conquest during which almost all of wales was at some point subject to norman interference . <SEP> what country ?
this dual view of knowledge was in concert with the teachings of common sense realism derived from scottish philosophers thomas reid and dugald stewart , whose works were part of the harvard curriculum at the time . <SEP> what ?
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices . <SEP> when ?
they can be combined with ideal pulleys , which allow ideal strings to switch physical direction . <SEP> what ?
though there is no official definition for the northern boundary of southern california , such a division has existed from the time when mexico ruled california , and political disputes raged between the californios of monterey in the upper part and los angeles in the lower part of alta california . <SEP> which country ?
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of " invisible " kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments ( later identified as " roentgen rays " or " x-rays " ) . <SEP> when ?
he had to work at various electrical repair jobs and even as a ditch digger for $ 2 per day . <SEP> what ?
with the formation of the united methodist church in 1968 , theologian albert c. outler led the team which systematized denominational doctrine . <SEP> who ?
the average household size was 3.07. there were 111,529 families ( 70.4 % of all households ) ; the average family size was 3.62 . <SEP> what ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> what actor ?
rocks at the depth to be ductilely stretched are often also metamorphosed . <SEP> that ?
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism . <SEP> where ?
since its inception , abc has had many affiliated stations , which include wabc-tv and wpvi-tv , the first two stations to carry the network 's programming . <SEP> what ?
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality . <SEP> what rates of health and social problems ?
a local pastor 's official title is 'licensed local pastor ' and is appointed as clergy to the local church where they preach , conduct divine worship and perform the regular duties of a pastor . <SEP> what ?
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes . <SEP> who ?
controlled , experimental studies exploring intrinsic motivation of college students has shown that nonverbal expressions of enthusiasm , such as demonstrative gesturing , dramatic movements which are varied , and emotional facial expressions , result in college students reporting higher levels of intrinsic motivation to learn . <SEP> what kind of levels of motivation ?
antimicrobial peptides called defensins are an evolutionarily conserved component of the innate immune response found in all animals and plants , and represent the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity . <SEP> what ?
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since . <SEP> which kicker ?
during the protestant reformation , lefevre , a professor at the university of paris , published his french translation of the new testament in 1523 , followed by the whole bible in the french language in 1530. william farel was a student of lefevre who went on to become a leader of the swiss reformation , establishing a protestant government in geneva . <SEP> when ?
the color was unofficially adopted ( in preference to magenta ) by an 1875 vote of the student body , although the association with some form of red can be traced back to 1858 , when charles william eliot , a young graduate student who would later become harvard 's 21st and longest-serving president ( 1869–1909 ) , bought red bandanas for his crew so they could more easily be distinguished by spectators at a regatta . <SEP> what year ?
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk . <SEP> when ?
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city . <SEP> which of abc 's main production facilities ?
recent concerns about fuel sources and pollution have incited a renewed interest in steam both as a component of cogeneration processes and as a prime mover . <SEP> what ?
this is often interpreted as meaning the outer chloroplast membrane is the product of the host 's cell membrane infolding to form a vesicle to surround the ancestral cyanobacterium—which is not true—both chloroplast membranes are homologous to the cyanobacterium 's original double membranes . <SEP> what ?
as such , the united methodist church established and is affiliated with around one hundred colleges and universities in the united states , including syracuse university , boston university , emory university , duke university , drew university , university of denver , university of evansville , and southern methodist university . <SEP> with approximately how many colleges ?
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river . <SEP> what ?
however , malnutrition is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries . <SEP> what ?
however the diatom endosymbiont ca n't store its own food—its starch is found in granules in the dinophyte host 's cytoplasm instead . <SEP> where ?
the lucas–lehmer test is particularly fast for numbers of this form . <SEP> what test ?
knowing that stalin was hostile to the idea of an independent poland , the polish government-in-exile in london gave orders to the underground home army ( ak ) to try to seize control of warsaw from the germans before the red army arrived . <SEP> why ?
in the year 2011 two ipcc special report were finalized , the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) and the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation ( srex ) . <SEP> when ?
unlike confirmation and profession of faith , baptism is a sacrament in the umc . <SEP> what ?
this routine consists of dividing n by each integer m that is greater than 1 and less than or equal to the square root of n. if the result of any of these divisions is an integer , then n is not a prime , otherwise it is a prime . <SEP> what ?
uptake of o 2 from the air is the essential purpose of respiration , so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine . <SEP> in what process ?
abu al-rayhan al-biruni ( 973–1048 ce ) was one of the earliest persian geologists , whose works included the earliest writings on the geology of india , hypothesizing that the indian subcontinent was once a sea . <SEP> what ?
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto . <SEP> what famous civil rights leader ?
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) . <SEP> what bargain ?
apicoplasts have lost all photosynthetic function , and contain no photosynthetic pigments or true thylakoids . <SEP> what ?
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) . <SEP> on what service ?
survivors from the citadel were executed , artisans and craftsmen were sent back to mongolia , young men who had not fought were drafted into the mongolian army and the rest of the population was sent into slavery . <SEP> which residents of bukhara ?
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense . <SEP> approximately how many objects ?
tasks and privileges , which are possessed by the units of the second level of the territorial division – counties or powiats . <SEP> what ?
the parish church of st andrew is traditionally recognised as 'the oldest church in this town ' . <SEP> which parish church in newcastle ?
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier . <SEP> what ?
civil disobedients ' refraining from violence is also said to help preserve society 's tolerance of civil disobedience . <SEP> why ?
usually , the alphabet is taken to be the binary alphabet ( i.e. , the set { 0,1 } ) , and thus the strings are bitstrings . <SEP> what ?
he designed to the north west of the garden the five-storey school for naval architects ( also known as the science schools ) , now the henry cole wing in 1867–72 . <SEP> what ?
in 1952 , following pressure from tesla 's nephew , sava kosanović , tesla 's entire estate was shipped to belgrade in 80 trunks marked n.t . <SEP> who ?
the crew of apollo 8 sent the first live televised pictures of the earth and the moon back to earth , and read from the creation story in the book of genesis , on christmas eve , 1968. an estimated one-quarter of the population of the world saw—either live or delayed—the christmas eve transmission during the ninth orbit of the moon . <SEP> from what bible book ?
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney . <SEP> what type of rail line ?
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm . <SEP> how ?
from a mathematical viewpoint , it roughly states that the asymptotic distribution of primes ( about x/log x of numbers less than x are primes , the prime number theorem ) also holds for much shorter intervals of length about the square root of x ( for intervals near x ) . <SEP> what type of prime distribution ?
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish . <SEP> what specific type of ctenophore ?
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin . <SEP> what ?
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " . <SEP> how many ?
this improved response is then retained after the pathogen has been eliminated , in the form of an immunological memory , and allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered . <SEP> what ?
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) . <SEP> which female anchor from today ?
however , its dominance has been eroded by wrangles within the now defunct kenya football federation , leading to a suspension by fifa which was lifted in march 2007 . <SEP> when ?
he helped bring about ideas for many series including happy days ( which originated as a segment on the anthology series love , american style ) , as well as several soap operas ; however , eisner 's main credit at abc was for developing youth-oriented programming . <SEP> what abc series ?
many of the series featured during the run of the block were produced by miller-boyett productions , a warner bros.-based studio that briefly programmed the entire friday lineup during the 1990–91 season ( with going places joining family matters , full house and perfect strangers on the " tgif " schedule ) and through its development deal with paramount television prior to 1986 ( as miller-milkis , and later , miller-milkis-boyett productions ) , had earlier produced happy days and its various spinoffs among other series for the network . <SEP> most of the productions in the tgif lineup ?
a non-deterministic turing machine is a deterministic turing machine with an added feature of non-determinism , which allows a turing machine to have multiple possible future actions from a given state . <SEP> what type of turing machine ?
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . " <SEP> what rate of unionization ?
by the end of the embargo in march 1974 , the price of oil had risen from us $ 3 per barrel to nearly $ 12 globally ; us prices were significantly higher . <SEP> what ?
during the divestment from south africa movement in the late 1980s , student activists erected a symbolic " shantytown " on harvard yard and blockaded a speech given by south african vice consul duke kent-brown . <SEP> what south african vice consul ?
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties . <SEP> how much literature ?
the snp took a further eight seats from the liberal democrats and one seat from the conservatives . <SEP> how many seats ?
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made . <SEP> what ?
the swiss cities , however , did not sign these agreements . <SEP> which group ?
oxygen is the most abundant chemical element by mass in the earth 's biosphere , air , sea and land . <SEP> where ?
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water . <SEP> which energy to ?
in 1988 the band the justified ancients of mu mu ( later known as the klf ) released the single " doctorin ' the tardis " under the name the timelords , which reached no . <SEP> which doctor who-related song ?
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season . <SEP> what injury ?
the prince of płock , bolesław ii of masovia , established this settlement , the modern-day warsaw , in about 1300. in the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the dukes of masovia , becoming the official capital of masovian duchy in 1413 . <SEP> who ?
the packets include a connection identifier rather than address information and are negotiated between endpoints so that they are delivered in order and with error checking . <SEP> what ?
the function of the teacher is to pressure the lazy , inspire the bored , deflate the cocky , encourage the timid , detect and correct individual flaws , and broaden the viewpoint of all . <SEP> what ?
while eliot was the most crucial figure in the secularization of american higher education , he was motivated not by a desire to secularize education , but by transcendentalist unitarian convictions . <SEP> what conviction ?
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean . <SEP> what famous musician ?
as part of this merger , the network would have been renamed " abc-dumont " for five years , and dumont would have received $ 5 million in cash , room on the schedule for existing dumont programming , and guaranteed advertising time for dumont laboratories receivers . <SEP> what ?
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere . <SEP> how much of the earth 's atmosphere ?
in the january 2006 legislative election—its first foray into the political process—it won the majority of the seats , and in 2007 it drove the plo out of gaza . <SEP> when ?
the medium of education is english , but as a compulsory subject , nepali and/or the state 's official language is also taught . <SEP> what language ?
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) . <SEP> what ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> what site ?
the main gallery was redesigned in 1994 , the glass balustrade on the staircase and mezzanine are the work of danny lane , the gallery covering contemporary glass opened in 2004 and the sacred silver and stained-glass gallery in 2005. in this latter gallery stained glass is displayed alongside silverware starting in the 12th century and continuing to the present . <SEP> when ?
developer william smilie created the nation 's first planned aviation community . <SEP> who ?
can have infinitely many primes only when a and q are coprime , i.e. , their greatest common divisor is one . <SEP> what ?
construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries . <SEP> what percentile of gross domestic product ?
as the speed grew , it is said that the machine oscillated at the resonance frequency of his own building and , belatedly realizing the danger , he was forced to use a sledge hammer to terminate the experiment , just as the police arrived . <SEP> what unforeseen problem ?
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) . <SEP> what ?
their combined work informed the study of imperialism and it 's impact on europe , as well as contributed to reflections on the rise of the military-political complex in the united states from the 1950s . <SEP> when ?
[ citation needed ] however , recent data shows that the level of income inequality began to rise after the 1970s . <SEP> when ?
previously , geologists could only use fossils and stratigraphic correlation to date sections of rock relative to one another . <SEP> what type of correlation ?
the only full-size models that did not recover were lower price models such as the chevrolet bel air , and ford galaxie 500. slightly smaller , mid-size models such as the oldsmobile cutlass , chevrolet monte carlo , ford thunderbird and various other models sold well . <SEP> which full-sized model cars ?
in most provinces a second bachelor 's degree such as a bachelor of education is required to become a qualified teacher . <SEP> what ?
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution . <SEP> what library ?
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown . <SEP> how many times ?
for example , dalton assumed that water 's formula was ho , giving the atomic mass of oxygen as 8 times that of hydrogen , instead of the modern value of about 16. in 1805 , joseph louis gay-lussac and alexander von humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen ; and by 1811 amedeo avogadro had arrived at the correct interpretation of water 's composition , based on what is now called avogadro 's law and the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules . <SEP> what theory ?
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum . <SEP> what year ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> where ?
in 1952 , when the release of the fcc 's sixth report and order announced the end of its freeze on new station license applications , among the issues the commission was slated to address was whether to approve the upt-abc merger . <SEP> when ?
such economic separation was the condition of the refugees ' initial acceptance in the city . <SEP> what social construct ?
during his employment , tesla made many improvements to the central station equipment and claimed to have perfected a telephone repeater or amplifier , which was never patented nor publicly described . <SEP> what ?
in england , in the absence of census figures , historians propose a range of preincident population figures from as high as 7 million to as low as 4 million in 1300 , and a postincident population figure as low as 2 million . <SEP> what ?
with a population of 3,792,621 , los angeles is the most populous city in california and the second most populous in the united states . <SEP> what ?
neutrophils and macrophages are phagocytes that travel throughout the body in pursuit of invading pathogens . <SEP> what ?
individual huguenots settled at the cape of good hope from as early as 1671 with the arrival of françois villion ( viljoen ) . <SEP> where ?
this also led luther to reject the idea of torments for the saints : " it is enough for us to know that souls do not leave their bodies to be threatened by the torments and punishments of hell , but enter a prepared bedchamber in which they sleep in peace . " <SEP> what other doctrines ?
conservative mp alec shelbrooke was proposing the payments of benefits and tax credits on a " welfare cash card " , in the style of the supplemental nutrition assistance program , that could be used to buy only " essentials " . <SEP> what ?
their ideology was also described as being influenced by wahhabism , and the extremist jihadism of their guest osama bin laden . <SEP> who ?
in contrast , the humoral theory of immunity , held , among others , by robert koch and emil von behring , stated that the active immune agents were soluble components ( molecules ) found in the organism ’ s “ humors ” rather than its cells . <SEP> what two scientists ?
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow . <SEP> what percentage of oxygen ?
petrologists can also use fluid inclusion data and perform high temperature and pressure physical experiments to understand the temperatures and pressures at which different mineral phases appear , and how they change through igneous and metamorphic processes . <SEP> how else ?
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " . <SEP> which super bowl ?
subsequently , californios ( dissatisfied with inequitable taxes and land laws ) and pro-slavery southerners in the lightly populated " cow counties " of southern california attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve a separate statehood or territorial status separate from northern california . <SEP> how many times ?
from 1530 a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from tyneside to newcastle quayside , giving a monopoly in the coal trade to a cartel of newcastle burgesses known as the hostmen . <SEP> what ?
the bbc believed that many viewers had missed this introduction to a new series due to the coverage of the assassination , as well as a series of power blackouts across the country , and they broadcast it again on 30 november 1963 , just before episode two . <SEP> when ?
due to the erratic and ( outside of college football season ) highly inconsistent scheduling of sports programming on weekend afternoons since espn took over responsibilities for abc 's sports division in 2006 , abc carries the espn sports saturday block on saturday late afternoons ( featuring various espn-produced documentaries ) , and on sundays either encores of primetime reality series , cancelled series being burned off that had no room on the primetime schedule , occasional theatrical films which were acquired by the network in the early to mid-2000s that no longer have a primetime slot to air in or more recently , figure skating and gymnastics specials supplied by disson skating , when no sports telecasts are scheduled , usually airing between 4:00 and 6:00 p.m. eastern and pacific time . <SEP> when ?
the pathogen is killed by the activity of digestive enzymes or following a respiratory burst that releases free radicals into the phagolysosome . <SEP> what ?
kenya 's services sector , which contributes 61 % of gdp , is dominated by tourism . <SEP> what ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> what ?
packets are normally forwarded by intermediate network nodes asynchronously using first-in , first-out buffering , but may be forwarded according to some scheduling discipline for fair queuing , traffic shaping , or for differentiated or guaranteed quality of service , such as weighted fair queuing or leaky bucket . <SEP> how ?
steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines , with shipping in the 20th-century relying upon the steam turbine . <SEP> what power ?
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side . <SEP> where ?
major commerce during this era gave rise to favorable conditions for private southern chinese manufacturers and merchants . <SEP> who ?
on the other hand , higher economic inequality tends to increase entrepreneurship rates at the individual level ( self-employment ) . <SEP> what ?
in the analog versions of these experiments , horizontal layers of sand are pulled along a lower surface into a back stop , which results in realistic-looking patterns of faulting and the growth of a critically tapered ( all angles remain the same ) orogenic wedge . <SEP> what ?
some scholars see luther 's influence as limited , and the nazis ' use of his work as opportunistic . <SEP> how ?
as of that day , the new constitution heralding the second republic came into force . <SEP> what ?
as a result , abc and disney 's first television collaboration ended in 1961 ( the network would resume its relationship with disney in 1985 , when the anthology series returned to the network for a three-season run as the disney sunday movie until it lost the rights to nbc again in 1988 ; the disney anthology series would return to abc in 1996 , following the company 's purchase of the future capital cities/abc , as the wonderful world of disney ) . <SEP> when ?
some scientists argue that the rainforest was reduced to small , isolated refugia separated by open forest and grassland ; other scientists argue that the rainforest remained largely intact but extended less far to the north , south , and east than is seen today . <SEP> what ?
butterflies were electrified , swirling in circles with blue halos of st. elmo 's fire around their wings . <SEP> what ?
his extremely influential books ( translated into many languages ) placed islam in a modern context , and influenced not only conservative ulema but liberal modernizer islamists such as al-faruqi , whose " islamization of knowledge " carried forward some of maududi 's key principles . <SEP> where ?
the hoppings , reputedly the largest travelling fair in europe , takes place on newcastle town moor every june . <SEP> what ?
the university experienced its share of student unrest during the 1960s , beginning in 1962 , when students occupied president george beadle 's office in a protest over the university 's off-campus rental policies . <SEP> in what year ?
however , on may 3 , 2013 , the florida legislature refused to approve the funding plan to pay for the renovations , dealing a significant blow to miami 's chances . <SEP> what ?
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters . <SEP> who ?
germanic tribes crossed the rhine in the migration period , by the 5th century establishing the kingdoms of francia on the lower rhine , burgundy on the upper rhine and alemannia on the high rhine . <SEP> what ?
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area . <SEP> what ?
for its part , the television network produced a few new hits during 1977 : january saw the premiere of roots , a miniseries based on an alex haley novel that was published the previous year ; in september , the love boat , a comedy-drama anthology series produced by aaron spelling which was based around the crew of a cruise ship and featured three stories centered partly on the ship 's various passengers ; although critically lambasted , the series turned out to be a ratings success and lasted nine seasons . <SEP> how many seasons ?
in 1972 , richard karp took this idea a leap forward with his landmark paper , " reducibility among combinatorial problems " , in which he showed that 21 diverse combinatorial and graph theoretical problems , each infamous for its computational intractability , are np-complete . <SEP> what ?
all humans are sinners by nature , he explained , and god 's grace ( which can not be earned ) alone can make them just . <SEP> what ?
on july 23 , 1963 , webb announced mueller 's appointment as deputy associate administrator for manned space flight , to replace then associate administrator d. brainerd holmes on his retirement effective september 1. under webb 's reorganization , the directors of the manned spacecraft center ( gilruth ) marshall space flight center ( von braun ) and the launch operations center ( debus ) effectively reported to mueller . <SEP> when ?
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz . <SEP> what prohibition agent ?
multiple circumnavigator david scott cowper , nobel prize winning physicist peter higgs , and former wwe nxt champion neville were born in the city . <SEP> what prize ?
a new development in the ouseburn valley has recreated them ; architects cany ash and robert sakula were attracted by the possibilities of high density without building high and getting rid of common areas . <SEP> what ?
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves . <SEP> what ?
the image of the tardis has become firmly linked to the show in the public 's consciousness ; bbc scriptwriter anthony coburn , who lived in the resort of herne bay , kent , was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine . <SEP> what ?
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria . <SEP> when ?
like many cities in central and eastern europe , infrastructure in warsaw suffered considerably during its time as an eastern bloc economy – though it is worth mentioning that the initial three-year plan to rebuild poland ( especially warsaw ) was a major success , but what followed was very much the opposite . <SEP> what ?
ironmaster , metallurgist , and member of parliament isaac lowthian bell was born in the city in 1816. other notable people born in or associated with newcastle include : engineer and industrialist lord armstrong , engineer and father of the modern steam railways george stephenson , his son , also an engineer , robert stephenson , engineer and inventor of the steam turbine sir charles parsons , inventor of the incandescent light bulb sir joseph swan , modernist poet basil bunting , and lord chief justice peter taylor . <SEP> who ?
active immunity can also be generated artificially , through vaccination . <SEP> by what process ?
the g mission was achieved on apollo 11 in july 1969 by an all-gemini veteran crew consisting of neil armstrong , michael collins and buzz aldrin . <SEP> from what ?
bskyb launched its hdtv service , sky+ hd , on 22 may 2006. prior to its launch , bskyb claimed that 40,000 people had registered to receive the hd service . <SEP> when ?
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible . <SEP> what type of text ?
as opposed to broadcasts of primetime series , cbs broadcast special episodes of its late night talk shows as its lead-out programs for super bowl 50 , beginning with a special episode of the late show with stephen colbert following the game . <SEP> what ?
following the utilitarian principle of seeking the greatest good for the greatest number – economic inequality is problematic . <SEP> what ?
type i hypersensitivity is mediated by ige , which triggers degranulation of mast cells and basophils when cross-linked by antigen . <SEP> what ?
the principle of inclusions and components states that , with sedimentary rocks , if inclusions ( or clasts ) are found in a formation , then the inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them . <SEP> what ?
the world watched annan and his un-backed panel and african union chairman jakaya kikwete as they brought together the former rivals to the signing ceremony , beamed live on national tv from the steps of nairobi 's harambee house . <SEP> who ?
the mongol empire was governed by a civilian and military code , called the yassa , created by genghis khan . <SEP> what ?
when such oxygen sinks became saturated , free oxygen began to outgas from the oceans 3–2.7 billion years ago , reaching 10 % of its present level around 1.7 billion years ago . <SEP> how ?
although kenya is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa , and has an affluent urban minority , it has a human development index ( hdi ) of 0.519 , ranked 145 out of 186 in the world . <SEP> who ?
in an interview with newspaper editor arthur brisbane , tesla said that he did not believe in telepathy , stating , " suppose i made up my mind to murder you , " he said , " in a second you would know it . <SEP> what ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> into what language ?
with abercrombie pinned down at albany , montcalm slipped away and led the successful attack on oswego in august . <SEP> where ?
oxygen constitutes 49.2 % of the earth 's crust by mass and is the major component of the world 's oceans ( 88.8 % by mass ) . <SEP> where by mass ?
at the beginning of 1893 westinghouse engineer benjamin lamme had made great progress developing an efficient version of tesla 's induction motor and westinghouse electric started branding their complete polyphase phase ac system as the " tesla polyphase system " , noting how they believed tesla 's patents gave them patent priority over other ac systems . <SEP> which engineer ?
in january 1519 , at altenburg in saxony , the papal nuncio karl von miltitz adopted a more conciliatory approach . <SEP> when ?
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc . <SEP> what ?
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people . <SEP> what ?
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch . <SEP> in what city ?
a number of huguenots served as mayors in dublin , cork , youghal and waterford in the 17th and 18th centuries . <SEP> what irish cities ?
according to the 1901 census , out of 711,988 inhabitants 56.2 % were catholics , 35.7 % jews , 5 % greek orthodox christians and 2.8 % protestants . <SEP> what percentage of warsaw 's population ?
following the success of the 2005 series produced by russell t davies , the bbc commissioned davies to produce a 13-part spin-off series titled torchwood ( an anagram of " doctor who " ) , set in modern-day cardiff and investigating alien activities and crime . <SEP> what doctor ?
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams . <SEP> who ?
tesla was incorrect in his assumption that high frequency radio waves would penetrate water but émile girardeau , who helped develop france 's first radar system in the 1930s , noted in 1953 that tesla 's general speculation that a very strong high frequency signal would be needed was correct stating " ( tesla ) was prophesying or dreaming , since he had at his disposal no means of carrying them out , but one must add that if he was dreaming , at least he was dreaming correctly . <SEP> what later invention ?
during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict , the iranian government enjoyed something of a resurgence in popularity amongst the predominantly sunni " arab street , " due to its support for hezbollah and to president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's vehement opposition to the united states and his call that israel shall vanish . <SEP> when ?
his poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments . <SEP> what ?
retaliating against the french catholics , the huguenots had their own militia . <SEP> how ?
twigg suggested that the cause was a form of anthrax , and norman cantor ( 2001 ) thought it may have been a combination of anthrax and other pandemics . <SEP> what ?
teachers may use a lesson plan to facilitate student learning , providing a course of study which is called the curriculum . <SEP> what ?
victoria contains many topographically , geologically and climatically diverse areas , ranging from the wet , temperate climate of gippsland in the southeast to the snow-covered victorian alpine areas which rise to almost 2,000 m ( 6,600 ft ) , with mount bogong the highest peak at 1,986 m ( 6,516 ft ) . <SEP> how high ?
in the late 17th century , robert boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion . <SEP> what researcher ?
the pilgrim street building was refurbished between november 2006 and may 2008 ; during the refurbishment works , the cinema relocated to the old town hall , gateshead . <SEP> where ?
the united methodist church is one tradition within the christian church . <SEP> what ?
temüjin had three brothers named hasar , hachiun , and temüge , and one sister named temülen , as well as two half-brothers named begter and belgutei . <SEP> who ?
more recently the uk supreme court noted that in r ( hs2 action alliance ltd ) v secretary of state for transport , although the uk constitution is uncodified , there could be " fundamental principles " of common law , and parliament " did not either contemplate or authorise the abrogation " of those principles when it enacted the european communities act 1972. the view of the german constitutional court from the solange i and solange ii decisions is that if the eu does not comply with its basic constitutional rights and principles ( particularly democracy , the rule of law and the social state principles ) then it can not override german law . <SEP> in what ?
30 us states have banned corporal punishment , the others ( mostly in the south ) have not . <SEP> how many us states ?
the program returned 842 pounds ( 382 kg ) of lunar rocks and soil to earth , greatly contributing to the understanding of the moon 's composition and geological history . <SEP> how many kgs of moon rocks ?
for this purpose genghis khan invited a khitan prince , chu'tsai , who worked for the jin and had been captured by the mongol army after the jin dynasty was defeated . <SEP> which khitan prince ?
los angeles itself has many business districts including the downtown los angeles central business district as well as those lining the wilshire boulevard miracle mile including century city , westwood and warner center in the san fernando valley . <SEP> in which area ?
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) . <SEP> what river ?
but stephen eilmann argues that if it is necessary to disobey rules that conflict with morality , we might ask why disobedience should take the form of public civil disobedience rather than simply covert lawbreaking . <SEP> why ?
a 1964 program definition study concluded that the initial design should be continued as block i which would be used for early testing , while block ii , the actual lunar spacecraft , would incorporate the docking equipment and take advantage of the lessons learned in block i development . <SEP> in what year ?
luther 's writings circulated widely , reaching france , england , and italy as early as 1519. students thronged to wittenberg to hear luther speak . <SEP> who ?
the geordie dialect has much of its origins in the language spoken by the anglo-saxon populations who migrated to and conquered much of england after the end of roman imperial rule . <SEP> who ?
rhodoplasts have chlorophyll a and phycobilins for photosynthetic pigments ; the phycobilin phycoerytherin is responsible for giving many red algae their distinctive red color . <SEP> what ?
for certain physical scenarios , it is impossible to model forces as being due to gradient of potentials . <SEP> what ?
victoria 's total gross state product ( gsp ) is ranked second in australia , although victoria is ranked fourth in terms of gsp per capita because of its limited mining activity . <SEP> where ?
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900. james bryant conant led the university through the great depression and world war ii and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war . <SEP> what organization ?
the capabilities approach – sometimes called the human development approach – looks at income inequality and poverty as form of “ capability deprivation ” . <SEP> what ?
the medium of education is english , but as a compulsory subject , nepali and/or the state 's official language is also taught . <SEP> what ?
the 2007 lisbon treaty explicitly recognised fundamental rights by providing in article 6 ( 1 ) that " the union recognises the rights , freedoms and principles set out in the charter of fundamental rights of the european union of 7 december 2000 , as adopted at strasbourg on 12 december 2007 , which shall have the same legal value as the treaties . " <SEP> when ?
for instance , the set of problems solvable within time f ( n ) on a deterministic turing machine is then denoted by dtime ( f ( n ) ) . <SEP> what ?
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm . <SEP> what new series ?
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku . <SEP> what ?
the previous record was 244 yards by the baltimore ravens in super bowl xxxv . <SEP> what team ?
in his extensively detailed report , céloron wrote , " all i can say is that the natives of these localities are very badly disposed towards the french , and are entirely devoted to the english . <SEP> how ?
" tesla said he could feel a sharp stinging pain where it entered his body , and again at the place where it passed out . " <SEP> how ?
in a report , published in early february 2007 by the ear institute at the university college london , and widex , a danish hearing aid manufacturer , newcastle was named as the noisiest city in the whole of the uk , with an average level of 80.4 decibels . <SEP> what ?
early ties were already visible in the " apologie " of william the silent , condemning the spanish inquisition , which was written by his court minister , the huguenot pierre l'oyseleur , lord of villiers . <SEP> what dutch document ?
it is recognised that an epidemiological account of the plague is as important as an identification of symptoms , but researchers are hampered by the lack of reliable statistics from this period . <SEP> why ?
isaac surrendered and was confined with silver chains , because richard had promised that he would not place him in irons . <SEP> what ?
in ten years the population of victoria increased sevenfold from 76,000 to 540,000. all sorts of gold records were produced including the " richest shallow alluvial goldfield in the world " and the largest gold nugget . <SEP> how much ?
it was later called the " first oil shock " , followed by the 1979 oil crisis , termed the " second oil shock . " <SEP> when ?
curiously , around half of the protein products of transferred genes are n't even targeted back to the chloroplast . <SEP> how much of the protein products of transferred genes ?
the american broadcasting company ( abc ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) is an american commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the disney–abc television group , a subsidiary of disney media networks division of the walt disney company . <SEP> in what year ?
however , a distinct lymphocyte-derived molecule has been discovered in primitive jawless vertebrates , such as the lamprey and hagfish . <SEP> what ?
the date of 2035 has been correctly quoted by the ipcc from the wwf report , which has misquoted its own source , an icsi report " variations of snow and ice in the past and at present on a global and regional scale " . <SEP> what ?
abc 's western series ( as well as series such as the actioner zorro ) went up against and defeated the variety shows aired by nbc and cbs in the fall of 1957 , and its detective shows did the same in the fall of 1959. to captivate the network 's audiences , short 66-minute series were scheduled a half-hour before their hour-long competition . <SEP> what kind of shows ?
the yuan government used woodblocks to print paper money , but switched to bronze plates in 1275. the mongols experimented with establishing the chinese-style paper monetary system in mongol-controlled territories outside of china . <SEP> what ?
engineers working for the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company reported to george westinghouse that tesla had a viable ac motor and related power system — something for which westinghouse had been trying to secure patents . <SEP> who ?
the results of his unaided labours were submitted to the american philosophical society in a memoir entitled observations on the geology of the united states explanatory of a geological map , and published in the society 's transactions , together with the nation 's first geological map . <SEP> to whom ?
in 1928 , tesla received his last patent , u.s. patent 1,655,114 , for a biplane capable of taking off vertically ( vtol aircraft ) and then be " gradually tilted through manipulation of the elevator devices " in flight until it was flying like a conventional plane . <SEP> for what invention ?
in humans , immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic disease such as severe combined immunodeficiency , acquired conditions such as hiv/aids , or the use of immunosuppressive medication . <SEP> what ?
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring ( 500 points ) , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many points ?
the pharmacological effect is doubtful ; a placebo effect is a more likely explanation . <SEP> what ?
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes . <SEP> what ?
some customers consider this to be more convenient and private method rather than traveling to a community drugstore where another customer might overhear about the drugs that they take . <SEP> what ?
the v & a is located in the brompton district of the royal borough of kensington and chelsea , in an area that has become known as " albertopolis " because of its association with prince albert , the albert memorial and the major cultural institutions with which he was associated . <SEP> in which london borough ?
the fourth was released on 4 october 2010 as a two disc special edition and contained music from the 2008–2010 specials ( the next doctor to end of time part 2 ) . <SEP> what music ?
a restartable version of the s-ivb was used as the third stage of the saturn v. the saturn ib could send over 40,000 pounds ( 18,100 kg ) into low earth orbit , sufficient for a partially fueled csm or the lm . <SEP> how much weight ?
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum . <SEP> when ?
one of the things tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887 was an induction motor that ran on alternating current , a power system format that was starting to be built in europe and the united states because of its advantages in long-distance , high-voltage transmission . <SEP> when ?
ne1fm launched on 8 june 2007 , the first full-time community radio station in the area . <SEP> what ?
some of these primes have been found using distributed computing . <SEP> what ?
as part of the agreements , both bskyb and virgin media agreed to terminate all high court proceedings against each other relating to the carriage of their respective basic channels . <SEP> what ?
to the south and with a population of 1,307,402 is san diego , the second most populous city in the state and the eighth most populous in the nation . <SEP> what ?
tancred was instrumental in the conquest of jerusalem and he worked for the expansion of the crusader kingdom in transjordan and the region of galilee . <SEP> what major conquest ?
[ citation needed ] it may be possible that another kuznets ' cycle is occurring , specifically the move from the manufacturing sector to the service sector . <SEP> in what sector ?
a geochemical component called kreep was discovered , which has no known terrestrial counterpart . <SEP> what new component ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> what year ?
temüjin turned to toghrul for support , and in response , toghrul offered his vassal 20,000 of his keraite warriors and suggested that he also involve his childhood friend jamukha , who had himself become khan ( ruler ) of his own tribe , the jadaran . <SEP> how many warriors ?
osweiler was injured , however , leading to manning 's return during the week 17 regular season finale , where the broncos were losing 13–7 against the 4–11 san diego chargers , resulting in manning re-claiming the starting quarterback position for the playoffs by leading the team to a key 27–20 win that enabled the team to clinch the number one overall afc seed . <SEP> who ?
it estimated that if the average united states worker had completed just one more year of school , it would add an additional $ 105 billion in growth to the country 's economy over five years . <SEP> how much potential economic growth ?
following the peterloo massacre of 1819 , poet percy shelley wrote the political poem the mask of anarchy later that year , that begins with the images of what he thought to be the unjust forms of authority of his time—and then imagines the stirrings of a new form of social action . <SEP> who ?
luther incorporated questions and answers in the catechism so that the basics of christian faith would not just be learned by rote , " the way monkeys do it " , but understood . <SEP> what ?
the experimental measurements made by watt on a model steam engine led to the development of the separate condenser . <SEP> what ?
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) . <SEP> what ?
the contracted batch of 15 saturn vs were enough for lunar landing missions through apollo 20. nasa publicized a preliminary list of eight more planned landing sites , with plans to increase the mass of the csm and lm for the last five missions , along with the payload capacity of the saturn v. these final missions would combine the i and j types in the 1967 list , allowing the cmp to operate a package of lunar orbital sensors and cameras while his companions were on the surface , and allowing them to stay on the moon for over three days . <SEP> what ?
at the end of primary education , pupils sit the kenya certificate of primary education ( kcpe ) , which determines those who proceed to secondary school or vocational training . <SEP> what ?
mid-ocean ridges , high regions on the seafloor where hydrothermal vents and volcanoes exist , were explained as divergent boundaries , where two plates move apart . <SEP> what ?
they contain a pyrenoid , and have triplet-stacked thylakoids . <SEP> how ?
dane was killed in a horse-riding accident when nikola was five . <SEP> what ?
when a consolidation referendum was held in 1967 , voters approved the plan . <SEP> what ?
a large scale digitization project began in 2007 in that department . <SEP> in which year ?
european examples include a dormer window dated 1523–35 from the chateau of montal . <SEP> which european chateau ?
establishing " natural borders " on the rhine was a long-term goal of french foreign policy , since the middle ages , though the language border was – and is – far more to the west . <SEP> what ?
during the following years , a magnetic tape shortage prompted nasa to remove massive numbers of magnetic tapes from the national archives and records administration to be recorded over with newer satellite data . <SEP> what ?
a small fraction of the flow is diverted off the island of mainau into lake überlingen . <SEP> to what other lake ?
the results of the haensch study have since been confirmed and amended . <SEP> what ?
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away . <SEP> what player ?
tesla 's theories on the possibility of the transmission by radio waves go back as far as lectures and demonstrations in 1893 in st. louis , missouri , the franklin institute in philadelphia , pennsylvania , and the national electric light association . <SEP> what philadelphia institution ?
during his reign , the da yuan tong zhi ( chinese : 大元通制 , " the comprehensive institutions of the great yuan " ) , a huge collection of codes and regulations of the yuan dynasty begun by his father , was formally promulgated . <SEP> what ?
the label huguenot was purportedly first applied in france to those conspirators ( all of them aristocratic members of the reformed church ) involved in the amboise plot of 1560 : a foiled attempt to wrest power in france from the influential house of guise . <SEP> what name ?
the principal cash crops are tea , horticultural produce , and coffee . <SEP> what ?
a dry type cooling tower is similar to an automobile radiator and is used in locations where water is costly . <SEP> in what sort of places ?
martin luther was born to hans luder ( or ludher , later luther ) and his wife margarethe ( née lindemann ) on 10 november 1483 in eisleben , saxony , then part of the holy roman empire . <SEP> of what region ?
he was shown to be physically imposing , an equal in stature to the secular german princes with whom he would join forces to spread lutheranism . <SEP> how ?
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools . <SEP> how many professional schools ?
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) . <SEP> what ?
fermat also conjectured that all numbers of the form 22n + 1 are prime ( they are called fermat numbers ) and he verified this up to n = 4 ( or 216 + 1 ) . <SEP> of what form ?
derived from william ellery channing and ralph waldo emerson , these convictions were focused on the dignity and worth of human nature , the right and ability of each person to perceive truth , and the indwelling god in each person . <SEP> from whom ?
the target was first announced in august 2004 , since then an additional 2.4m customers had subscribed to bskyb 's direct-to-home service . <SEP> when ?
an evasion strategy used by several pathogens to avoid the innate immune system is to hide within the cells of their host ( also called intracellular pathogenesis ) . <SEP> what ?
according to the same statistics , the average age of people living in newcastle is 37.8 ( the national average being 38.6 ) . <SEP> what ?
instead of providing stable rules that support basic research while leaving plenty of scope for entrepreneurship and innovation , congresses and presidents have repeatedly backed policies which promise solutions that are politically expedient , but whose prospects are doubtful . <SEP> who ?
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) . <SEP> what ?
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible . <SEP> when ?
trade liberalization may shift economic inequality from a global to a domestic scale . <SEP> what scale ?
on september 30 , 1960 , abc premiered the flintstones , another example of counterprogramming ; although the animated series from william hanna and joseph barbera was filmed in color from the beginning , it was initially broadcast in black-and-white , as abc had not made the necessary technical upgrades to broadcast its programming in color at the time . <SEP> when ?
robert underwood johnson described him as attaining a " distinguished sweetness , sincerity , modesty , refinement , generosity , and force . " <SEP> who ?
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility . <SEP> who ?
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game . <SEP> what ?
" the islamic state " , formerly known as the " islamic state of iraq and the levant " and before that as the " islamic state of iraq " , ( and called the acronym daesh by its many detractors ) , is a wahhabi/salafi jihadist extremist militant group which is led by and mainly composed of sunni arabs from iraq and syria . <SEP> who ?
meanwhile , denver 's offense was kept out of the end zone for three plays , but a holding penalty on cornerback josh norman gave the broncos a new set of downs . <SEP> which panthers player ?
while in-house production had ceased , the bbc hoped to find an independent production company to relaunch the show . <SEP> what ?
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching . <SEP> what ?
this is a big problem , since o2 is produced by the initial light reactions of photosynthesis , causing issues down the line in the calvin cycle which uses rubisco . <SEP> what process down the line ?
for some , imperialism designated a policy of idealism and philanthropy ; others alleged that it was characterized by political self-interest , and a growing number associated it with capitalist greed . <SEP> what ?
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire . <SEP> which region ?
since september 2004 , the official home of the scottish parliament has been a new scottish parliament building , in the holyrood area of edinburgh . <SEP> where ?
heading home , subutai 's forces attacked the allied forces of the cuman–kipchaks and the poorly coordinated 80,000 kievan rus ' troops led by mstislav the bold of halych and mstislav iii of kiev who went out to stop the mongols ' actions in the area . <SEP> who ?
this reference from the bible forms the foundation for the doctrine known as the divine right of kings , or , in the german case , the divine right of the princes . <SEP> what ?
in the years after these rumors , neither tesla nor edison won the prize ( although edison did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1915 and tesla did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1937 ) . <SEP> how many possible bids for the prize ?
william invaded scotland in 1072 , riding as far as abernethy where he met up with his fleet of ships . <SEP> when ?
his loyal secretary , dorothy skerrit , wrote : " his genial smile and nobility of bearing always denoted the gentlemanly characteristics that were so ingrained in his soul . " <SEP> who ?
john wesley originally called this experience the new birth . <SEP> what ?
exposure to a o 2 partial pressures greater than 160 kpa ( about 1.6 atm ) may lead to convulsions ( normally fatal for divers ) . <SEP> what ?
premiering the day after the assassination of john f. kennedy , the first episode of doctor who was repeated with the second episode the following week . <SEP> who ?
at the east end of the park , the tomb of the unknown soldier is situated . <SEP> which end of the saxon garden ?
this has traditionally been called the " third use of the law . " <SEP> how ?
its airing of the talons of weng-chiang was cancelled as a result of accusations that the story was racist ; the story was later broadcast in the 1990s on cable station ytv . <SEP> which doctor who show ?
this was followed by five launches of boilerplate csms ( designated as-101 through as-105 ) into orbit in 1964 and 1965. the last three of these further supported the apollo program by also carrying pegasus satellites , which verified the safety of the translunar environment by measuring the frequency and severity of micrometeorite impacts . <SEP> when ?
at the beginning of the 20th century , important advancement in geological science was facilitated by the ability to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events using radioactive isotopes and other methods . <SEP> when ?
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast . <SEP> how many protein-encoding genes ?
more powerful extensions of the fermat primality test , such as the baillie-psw , miller-rabin , and solovay-strassen tests , are guaranteed to fail at least some of the time when applied to a composite number . <SEP> what ?
the city also has a radio lollipop station based at the great north children 's hospital in the newcastle royal victoria infirmary . <SEP> what newcastle radio station ?
the worst-case is when the input is sorted or sorted in reverse order , and the algorithm takes time o ( n2 ) for this case . <SEP> what ?
the cestida ( " belt animals " ) are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals , with the mouth and aboral organ aligned in the middle of opposite edges of the ribbon . <SEP> what ?
in addition to identifying rocks in the field , petrologists identify rock samples in the laboratory . <SEP> what ?
according to the kenya national bureau of statistics , in 2011 there were 65,000 qualified nurses registered in the country ; 8,600 clinical officers and 7,000 doctors for the population of 43 million people ( these figures from official registers include those who have died or left the profession hence the actual number of these workers may be lower ) . <SEP> how many ?
survivors from the citadel were executed , artisans and craftsmen were sent back to mongolia , young men who had not fought were drafted into the mongolian army and the rest of the population was sent into slavery . <SEP> who among the population of bukhara ?
this basin encompasses 7,000,000 square kilometres ( 2,700,000 sq mi ) , of which 5,500,000 square kilometres ( 2,100,000 sq mi ) are covered by the rainforest . <SEP> how many square kilometers ?
the working fluid in a rankine cycle can operate as a closed loop system , where the working fluid is recycled continuously , or may be an " open loop " system , where the exhaust steam is directly released to the atmosphere , and a separate source of water feeding the boiler is supplied . <SEP> what sort of system ?
after spain ceded the florida territory to the united states in 1821 , american settlers on the north side of the cow ford decided to plan a town , laying out the streets and plats . <SEP> who ?
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram . <SEP> how long ?
around 1685 , huguenot refugees found a safe haven in the lutheran and reformed states in germany and scandinavia . <SEP> what protestant religions ?
when they arrived , colonial authorities offered them instead land 20 miles above the falls of the james river , at the abandoned monacan village known as manakin town , now in powhatan county . <SEP> what town ?
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy . <SEP> in what year ?
in 2014 , scientists with public health england announced the results of an examination of 25 bodies exhumed from the clerkenwell area of london , as well as of wills registered in london during the period , which supported the pneumonic hypothesis . <SEP> how many bodies ?
on 17 april 1879 , milutin tesla died at the age of 60 after contracting an unspecified illness ( although some sources say that he died of a stroke ) . <SEP> what ?
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city . <SEP> what other inventor ?
the report claimed that these noise levels would have a negative long-term impact on the health of the city 's residents . <SEP> what type of impact ?
more powerful extensions of the fermat primality test , such as the baillie-psw , miller-rabin , and solovay-strassen tests , are guaranteed to fail at least some of the time when applied to a composite number . <SEP> what ?
the combined effect of these events led to prime minister wilson committing his government to some form of devolved legislature in 1974. however , it was not until 1978 that final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly were passed by the united kingdom parliament . <SEP> when ?
an architect normally manages the job , and a construction manager , design engineer , construction engineer or project manager supervises it . <SEP> who ?
ranging from about 1 millimeter ( 0.039 in ) to 1.5 meters ( 4.9 ft ) in size , ctenophores are the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia ( " hairs " ) as their main method of locomotion . <SEP> what ?
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco . <SEP> which building ?
the warsaw citadel , an impressive 19th-century fortification built after the defeat of the november uprising , was a place of martyr for the poles . <SEP> what fortification ?
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk . <SEP> when ?
the river now flows north as upper rhine through the upper rhine plain , which is about 300 km long and up to 40 km wide . <SEP> how long ?
it is a unesco world heritage site ( 2002 ) and known as " the romantic rhine " , with more than 40 castles and fortresses from the middle ages and many quaint and lovely country villages . <SEP> what ?
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day . <SEP> how long ?
today , the warsaw stock exchange ( wse ) is , according to many indicators , the largest market in the region , with 374 companies listed and total capitalization of 162 584 mln eur as of 31 august 2009. from 1991 until 2000 , the stock exchange was , ironically , located in the building previously used as the headquarters of the polish united workers ' party ( pzpr ) . <SEP> how many ?
during the construction of a building , the municipal building inspector inspects the building periodically to ensure that the construction adheres to the approved plans and the local building code . <SEP> who ?
however that year , abc had only 14 primary affiliates compared to the 74 that carried the majority of cbs programs and the 71 that were primarily affiliated with nbc . <SEP> how many primary affiliates ?
the bainbridge ’ s official ledgers reported revenue by department , giving birth to the name department store . <SEP> how ?
the snp took 16 seats from labour , with many of their key figures not returned to parliament , although labour leader iain gray retained east lothian by 151 votes . <SEP> by how much ?
the soundtrack for series 5 was released on 8 november 2010. in february 2011 , a soundtrack was released for the 2010 christmas special : " a christmas carol " , and in december 2011 the soundtrack for series 6 was released , both by silva screen records . <SEP> what ?
various species of poison dart frogs secrete lipophilic alkaloid toxins through their flesh . <SEP> what ?
legally , the central bridge is the boundary between high and upper rhine . <SEP> what ?
on may 9 , 1960 , wls launched a new lineup consisting of abc radio programming . <SEP> when ?
for example , in his article , " a machine to end war " , published in 1937 , tesla stated : <SEP> in the article 's title , what ?
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen . <SEP> to which centuries ?
the great distances and the nature of what tesla was detecting from lightning storms confirmed his belief that the earth had a resonant frequency . <SEP> what ?
tesla was generally antagonistic towards theories about the conversion of matter into energy . <SEP> what ?
this decrease in wages caused a period of compression and decreased inequality between skilled and unskilled workers . <SEP> what ?
starting in 1934 , the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company began paying tesla $ 125 per month as well as paying his rent at the hotel new yorker , expenses the company would pay for the rest of tesla 's life . <SEP> what other compensation ?
the normans had a profound effect on irish culture and history after their invasion at bannow bay in 1169. initially the normans maintained a distinct culture and ethnicity . <SEP> in what year ?
by december 25 , japan was considered an arab-friendly state . <SEP> when ?
a 2013 report on nigeria suggests that growth has risen with increased income inequality . <SEP> what ?
the megaregion 's area is more expansive , extending east into las vegas , nevada , and south across the mexican border into tijuana . <SEP> what ?
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain . <SEP> what ?
teachers may use a lesson plan to facilitate student learning , providing a course of study which is called the curriculum . <SEP> what ?
later that same year , during 1983 's 20th anniversary special the five doctors , the first doctor enquires as to the fifth doctor 's regeneration ; when the fifth doctor confirms " fourth " , the first doctor excitedly replies " goodness me . <SEP> in what year ?
in his smalcald articles , he described the saints as currently residing " in their graves and in heaven . " <SEP> where ?
the network had earlier reached an eleventh-hour deal to renew its carriage agreement with the provider on december 31 , 1999. abc filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to force twc to restore the affected stations ; the fcc ruled in favor of abc , ordering time warner cable to restore the stations , doing so on the afternoon of may 2. abc ended the 2000–01 season as the most-watched network , ahead of nbc . <SEP> which major network ?
victoria 's highest maximum temperature since world war ii , of 48.8 °c ( 119.8 °f ) was recorded in hopetoun on 7 february 2009 , during the 2009 southeastern australia heat wave . <SEP> when ?
in australia , the show has had a strong fan base since its inception , having been exclusively first run by the australian broadcasting corporation ( abc ) since january 1965. the abc has periodically repeated episodes ; of note were the weekly screenings of all available classic episodes starting in 2003 , for the show 's 40th anniversary , and the weekdaily screenings of all available revived episodes in 2013 for the show 's 50th anniversary . <SEP> what ?
about 61.1 % of victorians describe themselves as christian . <SEP> what percentage of victorians ?
; additionally , tower district is also known as the center of fresno 's local punk/goth/deathrock and heavy metal community . <SEP> which district in fresno ?
fees range from under £3,000 to £21,000 and above per year for day pupils , rising to £27,000+ per year for boarders . <SEP> what ?
in 1900 , the los angeles times defined southern california as including " the seven counties of los angeles , san bernardino , orange , riverside , san diego , ventura and santa barbara . " <SEP> how many counties ?
from here , the situation becomes more complicated , as the dutch name rijn no longer coincides with the main flow of water . <SEP> what ?
for example , prime ideals in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields can be used in proving quadratic reciprocity , a statement that concerns the solvability of quadratic equations <SEP> in what type of ring ?
this combination of mhc and antigen attracts a matching helper t cell , which releases lymphokines and activates the b cell . <SEP> what ?
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch . <SEP> when ?
temüjin was probably born in 1162 in delüün boldog , near burkhan khaldun mountain and the onon and kherlen rivers in modern-day northern mongolia , not far from the current capital ulaanbaatar . <SEP> where ?
in july 1968 , abc radio launched a special programming project for its fm stations , which was spearheaded by allen shaw , a former program manager at wcfl in chicago who was approached by abc radio president harold l. neal to develop a format to compete with the new progressive rock and dj-helmed stations . <SEP> who ?
on average , women are more likely than men to consider factors other than pay when looking for work , and may be less willing to travel or relocate . <SEP> what gender ?
rather than waste the saturn v on another simple earth-orbiting mission , aspo manager george low suggested the bold step of sending apollo 8 to orbit the moon instead , deferring the d mission to the next mission in march 1969 , and eliminating the e mission . <SEP> what ?
luther journeyed to mansfeld twice in late 1545 to participate in the negotiations for a settlement , and a third visit was needed in early 1546 for their completion . <SEP> when ?
the lutheran theologian franz pieper observed that luther 's teaching about the state of the christian 's soul after death differed from the later lutheran theologians such as johann gerhard . <SEP> what theologian ?
this is true even though another person who is observing the moving vehicle pass by also observes the ball follow a curving parabolic path in the same direction as the motion of the vehicle . <SEP> what path ?
chloroplastidan chloroplasts have lost the peptidoglycan wall between their double membrane , and have replaced it with an intermembrane space . <SEP> what ?
also on loan to the museum , from her majesty the queen elizabeth ii , are the raphael cartoons : the seven surviving ( there were ten ) full scale designs for tapestries in the sistine chapel , of the lives of peter and paul from the gospels and the acts of the apostles . <SEP> who ?
the city grew as an important centre for the wool trade in the 14th century , and later became a major coal mining area . <SEP> what trade ?
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl . <SEP> which television network ?
algorithms that use random bits are called randomized algorithms . <SEP> what ?
he even lost control of the patents he had generated since he had assigned them to the company in lieu of stock . <SEP> what ?
however , the development of suburbs and a subsequent wave of middle class " white flight " left jacksonville with a much poorer population than before . <SEP> what term ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> what band ?
chloroplasts are only found in plants and algae . <SEP> which organisms ?
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime . <SEP> of what form ?
gandhi 's satyagraha was partially influenced and inspired by shelley 's nonviolence in protest and political action . <SEP> what ?
30 us states have banned corporal punishment , the others ( mostly in the south ) have not . <SEP> where ?
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites . <SEP> what ?
despite this , he insisted he would still find a way to play in the super bowl . <SEP> what game ?
the secondary level includes schools offering years 7 through 12 ( year twelve is known as lower sixth ) and year 13 ( upper sixth ) . <SEP> what ?
since there are many known complexity classes between p and pspace , such as rp , bpp , pp , bqp , ma , ph , etc. , it is possible that all these complexity classes collapse to one class . <SEP> where ?
at the same time the mongols imported central asian muslims to serve as administrators in china , the mongols also sent han chinese and khitans from china to serve as administrators over the muslim population in bukhara in central asia , using foreigners to curtail the power of the local peoples of both lands . <SEP> who ?
this takes two forms , orientalism and tropicality . <SEP> what ?
the riba 's holdings of over 330 drawings by andrea palladio are the largest in the world , other europeans well represented are jacques gentilhatre and antonio visentini . <SEP> what ?
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army . <SEP> which channels ?
the company energiprojekt ab in sweden has made progress in using modern materials for harnessing the power of steam . <SEP> where ?
louise de coligny , daughter of the murdered huguenot leader gaspard de coligny , married william the silent , leader of the dutch ( calvinist ) revolt against spanish ( catholic ) rule . <SEP> what ?
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm . <SEP> what year ?
chloroplast ribosomes are about two-thirds the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes ( around 17 nm vs 25 nm ) . <SEP> how large ?
the only other afc champion team to have worn white as the designated home team in the super bowl was the pittsburgh steelers ; they defeated the seattle seahawks 21–10 in super bowl xl 10 seasons prior . <SEP> who ?
( an earlier version of eyevision was last used in super bowl xxxv ; for super bowl 50 , the cameras were upgraded to 5k resolution . ) <SEP> what ?
the impact of the technologies invented or envisioned by tesla is a recurring theme in several types of science fiction . <SEP> what kind of fiction ?
in the fall of 1949 , abc found itself in the position of an outsider , with less coverage than two of its competing networks , cbs and nbc , even though it was on par with them in some major cities and had a headstart over its third rival at the time , the dumont television network . <SEP> what ?
as of february 2011 [ update ] , this conjecture has been verified for all numbers up to n = 2 · 1017. weaker statements than this have been proven , for example vinogradov 's theorem says that every sufficiently large odd integer can be written as a sum of three primes . <SEP> which theorem states ?
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity . <SEP> what football ?
germany did so , and underground leader piłsudski returned to warsaw on 11 november and set up what became the second polish republic , with warsaw the capital . <SEP> who ?
he also built a wireless controlled boat , one of the first ever exhibited . <SEP> what remote control vehicle ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> what ?
most work has been done on the spread of the plague in england , and even estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100 % as no census was undertaken between the time of publication of the domesday book and the year 1377. estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy . <SEP> during which years ?
mohawk chief hendrick , speaker of their tribal council , insisted that the british abide by their obligations and block french expansion . <SEP> who ?
it is conjectured there are infinitely many primes of the form n2 + 1. these conjectures are special cases of the broad schinzel 's hypothesis h. brocard 's conjecture says that there are always at least four primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2. legendre 's conjecture states that there is a prime number between n2 and ( n + 1 ) 2 for every positive integer n. it is implied by the stronger cramér 's conjecture . <SEP> of what form ?
his father , milutin tesla , was a serbian orthodox priest . <SEP> what ?
increasingly the court of justice has taken the view that the specific goals of free trade are underpinned by the general aims of the treaty for improvement of people 's well being . <SEP> what entity ?
the panthers backfield featured pro bowl running back jonathan stewart , who led the team with 989 rushing yards and six touchdowns in 13 games , along with pro bowl fullback mike tolbert , who rushed for 256 yards and caught 18 passes for another 154 yards . <SEP> which panthers rb ?
the tentilla of euplokamis differ significantly from those of other cydippids : they contain striated muscle , a cell type otherwise unknown in the phylum ctenophora ; and they are coiled when relaxed , while the tentilla of all other known ctenophores elongate when relaxed . <SEP> what ?
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship . <SEP> what school ?
he was the second-oldest son of his father yesügei , a khamag mongol 's major chief of the kiyad and an ally of toghrul khan of the keraite tribe , and the oldest son of his mother hoelun . <SEP> who ?
in february 1864 union forces left jacksonville and confronted a confederate army at the battle of olustee resulting in a confederate victory . <SEP> after what battle ?
these include rifts with his early allies such as jamukha ( who also wanted to be a ruler of mongol tribes ) and wang khan ( his and his father 's ally ) , his son jochi , and problems with the most important shaman , who was allegedly trying to drive a wedge between him and his loyal brother khasar . <SEP> who ?
the state 's lowest minimum temperature of −11.7 °c ( 10.9 °f ) was recorded at omeo on 13 june 1965 , and again at falls creek on 3 july 1970. temperature extremes for the state are listed in the table below : <SEP> what ?
hank marvin and bruce welch were both former pupils of rutherford grammar school , actors charlie hunnam and james scott , entertainers ant and dec and international footballers michael carrick and alan shearer were born in newcastle . <SEP> what ?
following bskyb 's 2014 acquisition of sky italia and a majority 90.04 % interest in sky deutschland in november 2014 , its holding company british sky broadcasting group plc changed its name to sky plc . <SEP> what ?
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war . <SEP> how long ?
uniflow engines attempt to remedy the difficulties arising from the usual counterflow cycle where , during each stroke , the port and the cylinder walls will be cooled by the passing exhaust steam , whilst the hotter incoming admission steam will waste some of its energy in restoring working temperature . <SEP> that ?
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies . <SEP> which ?
many scholars arguing for the y. pestis as the major agent of the pandemic suggest that its extent and symptoms can be explained by a combination of bubonic plague with other diseases , including typhus , smallpox and respiratory infections . <SEP> which diseases ?
some construction workers in the us/canada have made more than $ 100,000 annually , depending on their trade . <SEP> where ?
it is recognised that an epidemiological account of the plague is as important as an identification of symptoms , but researchers are hampered by the lack of reliable statistics from this period . <SEP> what ?
soon there was a store around the station and the store grew the town of fresno station , later called fresno . <SEP> what entity ?
fresno has three large public parks , two in the city limits and one in county land to the southwest . <SEP> how many large public parks ?
by 1971 , the decision was made to also cancel missions 18 and 19. the two unused saturn vs became museum exhibits at the john f. kennedy space center on merritt island , florida , george c. marshall space center in huntsville , alabama , michoud assembly facility in new orleans , louisiana , and lyndon b. johnson space center in houston , texas . <SEP> what year ?
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott . <SEP> what university 's facility ?
in the course of the polish-bolshevik war of 1920 , the huge battle of warsaw was fought on the eastern outskirts of the city in which the capital was successfully defended and the red army defeated . <SEP> what army ?
when asked where all the money had gone , tesla responded by saying that he was affected by the panic of 1901 , which he ( morgan ) had caused . <SEP> on what ?
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " . <SEP> who ?
outside the united states the church is divided into seven central conferences : africa , congo , west africa , central & southern europe , germany , northern europe and the philippines . <SEP> how many central conferences ?
guo shoujing applied mathematics to the construction of calendars . <SEP> what ?
for a while , frame relay was used to interconnect lans across wide area networks . however , x.25 and well as frame relay have been supplanted by the internet protocol ( ip ) at the network layer , and the asynchronous transfer mode ( atm ) and or versions of multi-protocol label switching ( mpls ) at layer two . <SEP> what ?
primary school is free in public schools and those who exit at this level can join a vocational youth/village polytechnic or make their own arrangements for an apprenticeship program and learn a trade such as tailoring , carpentry , motor vehicle repair , brick-laying and masonry for about two years . <SEP> what ?
closely related fields in theoretical computer science are analysis of algorithms and computability theory . <SEP> what field of computer science ?
in 1529 , he wrote the large catechism , a manual for pastors and teachers , as well as a synopsis , the small catechism , to be memorised by the people themselves . <SEP> to whom ?
in early 1938 , tesla was able to get up . <SEP> when ?
22 % of gdp still comes from the unreliable agricultural sector which employs 75 % of the labour force ( a consistent characteristic of under-developed economies that have not attained food security – an important catalyst of economic growth ) a small portion of the population relies on food aid . <SEP> what percent of the labor force work ?
the programme 's first serial , an unearthly child , shows that the doctor has a granddaughter , susan foreman . <SEP> what ?
in 2011 , the theme tune charted at number 228 of radio station classic fm 's hall of fame , a survey of classical music tastes . <SEP> how high ?
a wide selection of serials are available from bbc video on dvd , on sale in the united kingdom , australia , canada and the united states . <SEP> what countries ?
for luther 's biographer martin brecht , this partnership " was the beginning of a questionable and originally unintended development towards a church government under the temporal sovereign " . <SEP> what unintended development ?
the mean annual deforestation rate from 2000 to 2005 ( 22,392 km2 or 8,646 sq mi per year ) was 18 % higher than in the previous five years ( 19,018 km2 or 7,343 sq mi per year ) . <SEP> how much higher ?
maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party in 1941 and remained its leader until 1972. however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising . <SEP> when ?
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates . <SEP> who ?
the dialect of newcastle is known as geordie , and contains a large amount of vocabulary and distinctive word pronunciations not used in other parts of the united kingdom . <SEP> what ?
as of 2004 , an estimated 32,463 farms occupied around 136,000 square kilometres ( 52,500 sq mi ) of victorian land . <SEP> how many farms ?
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise . <SEP> what well-known archeologist ?
in principle , this means that any significant new evidence or events that change our understanding of climate science between this deadline and publication of an ipcc report can not be included . <SEP> what ?
he called it packet switching , a more accessible name than baran 's , and proposed to build a nationwide network in the uk . <SEP> what ?
the interior makes much use of marble in the entrance hall and flanking staircases , although the galleries as originally designed were white with restrained classical detail and mouldings , very much in contrast to the elaborate decoration of the victorian galleries , although much of this decoration was removed in the early 20th century . <SEP> what building ?
economist branko milanovic , wrote in 2001 that , " the view that income inequality harms growth – or that improved equality can help sustain growth – has become more widely held in recent years . <SEP> what ?
in 1201 , a khuruldai elected jamukha as gür khan , " universal ruler " , a title used by the rulers of the qara khitai . <SEP> what ?
in england , the period of norman architecture immediately succeeds that of the anglo-saxon and precedes the early gothic . <SEP> what architecture type ?
the sky q mini set top boxes connect to the sky q silver set top boxes with a wi-fi or power-line connection rather than receive their own satellite feeds . <SEP> what ?
total nominal gdp of the city in 2010 amounted to 191.766 billion pln , 111696 pln per capita , which was 301,1 % of polish average . <SEP> what ?
members of the genus dinophysis have a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte . <SEP> what ?
now at a strong second place , the network entered the 1990s with additional family-friendly hits including america 's funniest home videos ( which has gone on to become the longest-running prime time entertainment program in the network 's history ) , step by step , hangin ' with mr. cooper , boy meets world and perfect strangers spinoff family matters , as well as series such as doogie howser , m.d. , life goes on , cult favorite twin peaks and the commish . <SEP> what ?
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " . <SEP> what ?
in traditional historiography of china , on the other hand , the yuan dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the song dynasty and the ming dynasty . <SEP> what legitimate dynasty ?
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " . <SEP> where ?
william of apulia tells that , in 1016 , norman pilgrims to the shrine of the archangel michael at monte gargano were met by melus of bari , a lombard nobleman and rebel , who persuaded them to return with more warriors to help throw off the byzantine rule , which they did . <SEP> where ?
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe . <SEP> who ?
teachers face several occupational hazards in their line of work , including occupational stress , which can negatively impact teachers ' mental and physical health , productivity , and students ' performance . <SEP> what ?
in response , teachers may concentrate their attention on motivated students , ignoring attention-seeking and disruptive students . <SEP> who ?
this stage comprises two parts : consideration of amendments to the bill as a general debate , and a final vote on the bill . <SEP> what vote on a bill ?
while experimenting with mechanical oscillators at his houston street lab , tesla allegedly generated a resonance of several buildings . <SEP> where ?
as of february 2011 [ update ] , this conjecture has been verified for all numbers up to n = 2 · 1017. weaker statements than this have been proven , for example vinogradov 's theorem says that every sufficiently large odd integer can be written as a sum of three primes . <SEP> how many numbers ?
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver . <SEP> who ?
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally . <SEP> where ?
lenin wrote extensively on the matter and famously declared that imperialism was the highest stage of capitalism . <SEP> who ?
the annual transpacific yacht race , or transpac , from los angeles to hawaii , is one of yachting 's premier events . <SEP> what ?
these kinds of programs presented abc with an image of the " philosophy of counterprogramming against its competitors " , offering a strong lineup of programs that contrasted with those seen on its rival networks , which helped goldenson give the network a continuum between film and television . <SEP> what ?
according to the good schools guide approximately 9 per cent of children being educated in the uk are doing so at fee-paying schools at gsce level and 13 per cent at a-level . <SEP> at a-level , what percentage of british students ?
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south . <SEP> how ?
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line . <SEP> what ?
many samples appear to be pitted with micrometeoroid impact craters , which is never seen on earth rocks , due to the thick atmosphere . <SEP> what ?
in the early 18th century , a regional group known as the camisards who were huguenots rioted against the catholic church in the region , burning churches and killing clergy . <SEP> whom ?
it was only the orbit of the planet mercury that newton 's law of gravitation seemed not to fully explain . <SEP> what planet ?
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds . <SEP> what major event u.s. ?
in a progressive tax system , the level of the top tax rate will often have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society , either increasing it or decreasing it , provided that income does not change as a result of the change in tax regime . <SEP> what tax ?
in december 1984 , thomas s. murphy , chief executive officer of capital cities communications , contacted leonard goldenson about a proposal to merge their respective companies . <SEP> what company ?
before genghis khan died , he assigned ögedei khan as his successor and split his empire into khanates among his sons and grandsons . <SEP> whom ?
he made clear distinction between sodium carbonate and potassium carbonate , and drew attention to the poisonous nature of copper compounds , especially copper vitriol , and also lead compounds . <SEP> which two compounds ?
in on the abrogation of the private mass , he condemned as idolatry the idea that the mass is a sacrifice , asserting instead that it is a gift , to be received with thanksgiving by the whole congregation . <SEP> what ?
since ozone absorbs strongly in the uv region of the spectrum , the ozone layer of the upper atmosphere functions as a protective radiation shield for the planet . <SEP> what light radiation ?
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff . <SEP> who ?
the tower was erected to its full 187 feet ( 57 m ) . <SEP> how tall ?
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper . <SEP> what type of works from asia ?
systemic acquired resistance ( sar ) is a type of defensive response used by plants that renders the entire plant resistant to a particular infectious agent . <SEP> what ?
as of march 2015 [ update ] , abc has eight owned-and-operated stations , and current and pending affiliation agreements with 235 additional television stations encompassing 49 states , the district of columbia , four u.s. possessions , bermuda and saba ; this makes abc the largest u.s. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates . <SEP> how many owned-and-operated stations ?
the soviet union had sent animals around the moon on september 15 , 1968 , aboard zond 5 , and it was believed they might soon repeat the feat with human cosmonauts . <SEP> what ?
among them , the original fresno county courthouse ( demolished ) , the fresno carnegie public library ( demolished ) , the fresno water tower , the bank of italy building , the pacific southwest building , the san joaquin light & power building ( currently known as the grand 1401 ) , and the hughes hotel ( burned down ) , to name a few . <SEP> what former building ?
reporters treated it as a sensational story and jumped to the conclusion tesla was hearing signals from mars . <SEP> what planet ?
this and other experiments on combustion were documented in his book sur la combustion en général , which was published in 1777. in that work , he proved that air is a mixture of two gases ; 'vital air ' , which is essential to combustion and respiration , and azote ( gk . <SEP> in what year ?
some of the world 's legendary surf spots are in southern california as well , including trestles , rincon , the wedge , huntington beach , and malibu , and it is second only to the island of oahu in terms of famous surf breaks . <SEP> to which island ?
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities . <SEP> what ?
spanish moss at a nearby mattress factory was quickly engulfed in flames and enabling the fire to spread rapidly . <SEP> what ?
since then , and so far , general relativity has been acknowledged as the theory that best explains gravity . <SEP> what theory best ?
in china , the polymath shen kuo ( 1031–1095 ) formulated a hypothesis for the process of land formation : based on his observation of fossil animal shells in a geological stratum in a mountain hundreds of miles from the ocean , he inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by deposition of silt . <SEP> what ?
after each team punted , panthers quarterback cam newton appeared to complete a 24-yard pass jerricho cotchery , but the call was ruled an incompletion and upheld after a replay challenge . <SEP> whose pass to jerricho cotchery ?
mohamed morsi , an islamist democrat of muslim brotherhood , was the first democratically elected president of egypt . <SEP> who ?
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) . <SEP> how many first downs ?
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities . <SEP> what ?
at the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 , the governors of british east africa ( as the protectorate was generally known ) and german east africa agreed a truce in an attempt to keep the young colonies out of direct hostilities . <SEP> what two governors ?
the lake is situated in germany , switzerland and austria near the alps . <SEP> where else ?
the second two are the largest , and the green chloroplast lineage is the one that contains the land plants . <SEP> which lineage ?
he is shown in mini-episode " the night of the doctor " to have been retroactively inserted into the show 's fictional chronology between mcgann and eccleston 's doctors , although his introduction was written so as not to disturb the established numerical naming of the doctors . <SEP> what two doctors ?
former ipcc chairman robert watson has said " the mistakes all appear to have gone in the direction of making it seem like climate change is more serious by overstating the impact . <SEP> what ?
mcletchie was elected on the lothian regional list and the conservatives suffered a net loss of five seats , with leader annabel goldie claiming that their support had held firm . <SEP> what net loss ?
only four main interactions are known : in order of decreasing strength , they are : strong , electromagnetic , weak , and gravitational . <SEP> what ?
but now that human capital is scarcer than machines , widespread education has become the secret to growth . " <SEP> what ?
while most internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs and require a valid prescription , some internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs without requiring a prescription . <SEP> what ?
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) . <SEP> how ?
land-based steam engines could exhaust much of their steam , as feed water was usually readily available . <SEP> what ?
in the words of the secretary general of the united nations ban ki-moon : " while economic growth is necessary , it is not sufficient for progress on reducing poverty . " <SEP> what ?
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack . <SEP> when ?
the logo also deviates from the template by featuring large numerals , colored in gold , behind the vince lombardi trophy , instead of underneath and in silver as in the standard logo . <SEP> who ?
the first historical reference to warsaw dates back to the year 1313 , at a time when kraków served as the polish capital city . <SEP> what city ?
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver . <SEP> what microsoft ceo ?
in some groups , such as the flat , bottom-dwelling platyctenids , the juveniles behave more like true larvae , as they live among the plankton and thus occupy a different ecological niche from their parents and attain the adult form by a more radical metamorphosis , after dropping to the sea-floor . <SEP> where ?
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance . <SEP> what company ?
in the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ( lds church ) , the teacher is an office in the aaronic priesthood , generally conferred on young boys or recent converts , and has little in common with the " spiritual teacher " archetype . <SEP> what ?
as a result of the american revolution , john wesley was compelled in 1784 to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters , thomas vasey and richard whatcoat . <SEP> who ?
the phrase retains this association with doctor who , to the point that in 1991 the museum of the moving image in london named their exhibition celebrating the programme " behind the sofa " . <SEP> who ?
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng . <SEP> when ?
in 1900 , tesla was granted patents for a " system of transmitting electrical energy " and " an electrical transmitter . " <SEP> when ?
the flushing action of tears and urine also mechanically expels pathogens , while mucus secreted by the respiratory and gastrointestinal tract serves to trap and entangle microorganisms . <SEP> what ?
also , very unequal societies tend to be politically and socially unstable , which is reflected in lower rates of investment and therefore growth . " <SEP> what ?
traditionally consultant pharmacists were usually independent business owners , though in the united states many now work for several large pharmacy management companies ( primarily omnicare , kindred healthcare and pharmerica ) . <SEP> what ?
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) . <SEP> what television specials ?
a few chloroplast genes found new homes in the mitochondrial genome—most became nonfunctional pseudogenes , though a few trna genes still work in the mitochondrion . <SEP> what ?
in middle age , tesla became a close friend of mark twain ; they spent a lot of time together in his lab and elsewhere . <SEP> where ?
one of the functions of specialized cells ( located in the thymus and bone marrow ) is to present young lymphocytes with self antigens produced throughout the body and to eliminate those cells that recognize self-antigens , preventing autoimmunity . <SEP> where ?
with great britain having claimed the entire australian continent east of the 135th meridian east in 1788 , victoria was included in the wider colony of new south wales . <SEP> when ?
los angeles ( at 3.7 million people ) and san diego ( at 1.3 million people ) , both in southern california , are the two largest cities in all of california ( and two of the eight largest cities in the united states ) . <SEP> what ?
the time derivative of the changing momentum of the object is what we label as " gravitational force " . <SEP> what ?
the first minister or members of the cabinet can deliver statements to parliament upon which msps are invited to question . <SEP> who ?
sayyid abul ala maududi was an important early twentieth-century figure in the islamic revival in india , and then after independence from britain , in pakistan . <SEP> who ?
the city straddles the vistula river . <SEP> what river ?
in traditional historiography of china , on the other hand , the yuan dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the song dynasty and the ming dynasty . <SEP> what legitimate dynasty ?
abc 's flagship productions at the time were the lone ranger , based on the radio program of the same title , and the adventures of ozzie and harriet , the latter of which ( at 13 seasons , running from 1952 to 1965 ) held the record for the longest-running prime time comedy in u.s. television history , until it was surpassed by the simpsons in 2002 . <SEP> what western ?
the implication that the style of lace known as 'bucks point ' demonstrates a huguenot influence , being a " combination of mechlin patterns on lille ground " , is fallacious : what is now known as mechlin lace did not develop until first half of the eighteenth century and lace with mechlin patterns and lille ground did not appear until the end of the 18th century , when it was widely copied throughout europe . <SEP> what style of lace ?
some theories developed in the 1970s established possible avenues through which inequality may have a positive effect on economic development . <SEP> when ?
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york . <SEP> where ?
a controversial aspect of imperialism is the defense and justification of empire-building based on seemingly rational grounds . <SEP> what ?
often the place that did this was called an apothecary and several languages have this as the dominant term , though their practices are more akin to a modern pharmacy , in english the term apothecary would today be seen as outdated or only approproriate if herbal remedies were on offer to a large extent . <SEP> how ?
ward fumbled the ball during the return , but trevathan recovered it to enable denver to keep possession . <SEP> who ?
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar . <SEP> who ?
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen . <SEP> what ?
by the end of his life , the mongol empire occupied a substantial portion of central asia and china . <SEP> what ?
the city has two universities — newcastle university and northumbria university . <SEP> how many universities ?
the official designation for pharmacists who pass the ambulatory care pharmacy specialty certification exam will be board certified ambulatory care pharmacist and these pharmacists will carry the initials bcacp . <SEP> what ?
there have been numerous attempts to revitalize the neighborhood , including the construction of a modern shopping center on the corner of fresno and b streets , an aborted attempt to build luxury homes and a golf course on the western edge of the neighborhood , and some new section 8 apartments have been built along church ave west of elm st. cargill meat solutions and foster farms both have large processing facilities in the neighborhood , and the stench from these ( and other small industrial facilities ) has long plagued area residents . <SEP> on which corner ?
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng . <SEP> who ?
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek . <SEP> what ?
some 5 million people may have lived in the amazon region in ad 1500 , divided between dense coastal settlements , such as that at marajó , and inland dwellers . <SEP> how many people ?
the objective is typically a course of study , lesson plan , or a practical skill . <SEP> what objective ?
in 1965 , the corporate entity , american broadcasting-paramount theatres , was renamed as the american broadcasting companies , while its cinema division became abc theatres ; [ citation needed ] its recording division was renamed abc records in 1966. in december of that year , the abc television network premiered the dating game , a pioneer series in its genre , which was a reworking of the blind date concept in which a suitor selected one of three contestants sight unseen based on the answers to selected questions . <SEP> what ?
some examples of intracellular pathogens include viruses , the food poisoning bacterium salmonella and the eukaryotic parasites that cause malaria ( plasmodium falciparum ) and leishmaniasis ( leishmania spp . ) . <SEP> what ?
european union law is applied by the courts of member states and the court of justice of the european union . <SEP> which two courts ?
westinghouse convinced tesla to release his company from the licensing agreement over tesla 's ac patents in exchange for westinghouse electric purchasing the patents for a lump sum payment of $ 216,000 ; this provided westinghouse a break from what , due to alternating current 's rapid gain in popularity , had turned out to be an overly generous $ 2.50 per ac horsepower royalty . <SEP> how much ?
in accordance with his father 's wishes , luther enrolled in law school at the same university that year but dropped out almost immediately , believing that law represented uncertainty . <SEP> what ?
as of 2004 , an estimated 32,463 farms occupied around 136,000 square kilometres ( 52,500 sq mi ) of victorian land . <SEP> how much land ?
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties . <SEP> what issue ?
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria . <SEP> what ?
jean cauvin ( john calvin ) , another student at the university of paris , also converted to protestantism . <SEP> what other european protestant leader ?
sky uk limited ( formerly british sky broadcasting or bskyb ) is a british telecommunications company which serves the united kingdom . <SEP> what kind of company ?
however , as a result of the referendum in france and the referendum in the netherlands , the 2004 treaty establishing a constitution for europe never came into force . <SEP> what ?
his armies quickly took heisui , ganzhou , and suzhou ( not the suzhou in jiangsu province ) , and in the autumn he took xiliang-fu [ disambiguation needed ] . <SEP> what season ?
20th century fox , lionsgate , paramount pictures , universal studios and walt disney studios paid for movie trailers to be aired during the super bowl . <SEP> what movie company ?
in 1215 genghis besieged , captured , and sacked the jin capital of zhongdu ( modern-day beijing ) . <SEP> when ?
the eye crossed st. augustine with winds that had just barely diminished to 110 mph ( 180 km/h ) , making it a strong category 2 on the saffir-simpson scale . <SEP> what ?
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick . <SEP> how ?
on an international level , the price increases changed competitive positions in many industries , such as automobiles . <SEP> which industry 's competitive positions ?
for instance , the time hierarchy theorem tells us that p is strictly contained in exptime , and the space hierarchy theorem tells us that l is strictly contained in pspace . <SEP> what ?
the crisis reduced the demand for large cars . <SEP> which ?
this was followed up in july 1966 by the newlywed game , featuring three recently married couples who guessed the responses to their partner 's questions ( some of which were fairly risque ) . <SEP> what ?
pharmacy technicians are now more dependent upon automation to assist them in their new role dealing with patients ' prescriptions and patient safety issues . <SEP> what ?
to catch up , abc followed up the flintstones with another animated series from hanna-barbera , the jetsons , which debuted on september 23 , 1962 as the first television series to be broadcast in color on the network . <SEP> what ?
on august 29 , 1994 , abc purchased flint , michigan affiliate wjrt-tv and wtvg in toledo , ohio ( which was previously affiliated with abc from 1958 to 1970 ) from sjl broadcast management , with the latter switching to abc once its contract with nbc expired two months after the purchase was finalized in early 1995. both stations were acquired as a contingency plan in the event that cbs reached an affiliation deal with wxyz-tv ( to replace wjbk , which switched to fox as a result of that network 's group affiliation agreement with new world communications ) in order to allow the network to retain some over-the-air presence in the detroit market ( the e.w . <SEP> which ?
kenya 's services sector , which contributes 61 % of gdp , is dominated by tourism . <SEP> how much ?
the court of justice reasoned that narcotic drugs were controlled in all member states , and so this differed from other cases where prostitution or other quasi-legal activity was subject to restriction . <SEP> what ?
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> what character in the play ?
his extremely influential books ( translated into many languages ) placed islam in a modern context , and influenced not only conservative ulema but liberal modernizer islamists such as al-faruqi , whose " islamization of knowledge " carried forward some of maududi 's key principles . <SEP> where ?
other religious groups represented in the k-12 private education sector include protestants , jews , muslims and the orthodox christians . <SEP> what religious group ?
in 1972 , richard karp took this idea a leap forward with his landmark paper , " reducibility among combinatorial problems " , in which he showed that 21 diverse combinatorial and graph theoretical problems , each infamous for its computational intractability , are np-complete . <SEP> how many ?
dynamic equilibrium was first described by galileo who noticed that certain assumptions of aristotelian physics were contradicted by observations and logic . <SEP> who ?
the same report found that 3 % of the surveyed audience regarded the show as " very unsuitable " for family viewing . <SEP> how many of the survey respondents ?
after prussia unified the other states into the second german empire after the franco-german war , its long-time chancellor , otto von bismarck ( 1862–90 ) , long opposed colonial acquisitions , arguing that the burden of obtaining , maintaining , and defending such possessions would outweigh any potential benefits . <SEP> when ?
petroleum accounts for 20 % to 25 % of the national import bill . <SEP> how much ?
for example , the aforementioned fact that there are infinitely many primes can also be seen using the zeta function : if there were only finitely many primes then ζ ( 1 ) would have a finite value . <SEP> what type of value ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> who ?
later in life , tesla made claims concerning a " teleforce " weapon after studying the van de graaff generator . <SEP> what ?
he started teaching in rotterdam , where he finished writing and publishing his multi-volume masterpiece , historical and critical dictionary . <SEP> what books ?
incorporated first by henry ii , the city had a new charter granted by elizabeth in 1589. a 25-foot ( 7.6 m ) high stone wall was built around the town in the 13th century , to defend it from invaders during the border war against scotland . <SEP> who ?
it has offered a doctorate in music composition since 1933 and in cinema & media studies since 2000 , a master of fine arts in visual arts ( early 1970s ) , and a master of arts in the humanities with a creative writing track ( 2000 ) . <SEP> what year ?
in 1962 , graphic designer paul rand redesigned the abc logo into its best-known ( and current ) form , with the lowercase letters " abc " enclosed in a single black circle . <SEP> what graphic designer ?
but snow is very rare in the southwest of the state , it occurs on the southeast of the state . <SEP> how frequent ?
all higher education institutions were immediately closed and warsaw 's entire jewish population – several hundred thousand , some 30 % of the city – herded into the warsaw ghetto . <SEP> how much of warsaw 's population ?
these were bequeathed with over 18,000 books to the museum in 1876 by john forster . <SEP> in which year ?
the festival traces its roots to a peaceful pagan ritual where maidens would float their wreaths of herbs on the water to predict when they would be married , and to whom . <SEP> what ?
during pregnancy , a particular type of antibody , called igg , is transported from mother to baby directly across the placenta , so human babies have high levels of antibodies even at birth , with the same range of antigen specificities as their mother . <SEP> what antibody ?
victoria 's total gross state product ( gsp ) is ranked second in australia , although victoria is ranked fourth in terms of gsp per capita because of its limited mining activity . <SEP> at what ?
courts have distinguished between two types of civil disobedience : " indirect civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not , itself , the object of protest , whereas direct civil disobedience involves protesting the existence of a particular law by breaking that law . " <SEP> what ?
if the water level drops , such that the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly , the lead melts and the steam escapes , warning the operators , who may then manually suppress the fire . <SEP> what ?
in 2012 it investigated the maltese commissioner for health , john dalli , who quickly resigned after allegations that he received a €60m bribe in connection with a tobacco products directive . <SEP> when ?
king david i of scotland , whose elder brother alexander i had married sybilla of normandy , was instrumental in introducing normans and norman culture to scotland , part of the process some scholars call the " davidian revolution " . <SEP> who ?
by 1700 , one-fifth of the city 's population was french speaking . <SEP> what portion of berlin 's population ?
its purpose is thought to be to increase the chloroplast 's surface area for cross-membrane transport between its stroma and the cell cytoplasm . <SEP> what ?
the highest temperature recorded was 104 °f ( 40 °c ) on july 11 , 1879 and july 28 , 1872. it is common for thunderstorms to erupt during a typical summer afternoon . <SEP> what ?
the united methodist church ( umc ) is a mainline protestant methodist denomination . <SEP> what ?
other museums include the carpenter center for the visual arts , designed by le corbusier , housing the film archive , the peabody museum of archaeology and ethnology , specializing in the cultural history and civilizations of the western hemisphere , and the semitic museum featuring artifacts from excavations in the middle east . <SEP> what museum ?
under the norman abbot robert de grantmesnil , several monks of saint-evroul fled to southern italy , where they were patronised by robert guiscard and established a latin monastery at sant'eufemia . <SEP> where ?
however , the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... diverges ( i.e. , exceeds any given number ) , so there must be infinitely many primes . <SEP> what ?
[ citation needed ] since ireland refused to consent to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 , there remains one commissioner for each of the 28 member states , including the president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ( currently federica mogherini ) . <SEP> who ?
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city . <SEP> which of abc 's main production facilities ?
the british resettled many acadians throughout its north american provinces , but many went to france , and some went to new orleans , which they had expected to remain french . <SEP> where ?
this " decision time " is heralded by the sounding of the division bell , which is heard throughout the parliamentary campus and alerts msps who are not in the chamber to return and vote . <SEP> what ?
studies on income inequality and growth have sometimes found evidence confirming the kuznets curve hypothesis , which states that with economic development , inequality first increases , then decreases . <SEP> what ?
the most important apicoplast function is isopentenyl pyrophosphate synthesis—in fact , apicomplexans die when something interferes with this apicoplast function , and when apicomplexans are grown in an isopentenyl pyrophosphate-rich medium , they dump the organelle . <SEP> what ?
doctor who originally ran for 26 seasons on bbc one , from 23 november 1963 until 6 december 1989. during the original run , each weekly episode formed part of a story ( or " serial " ) — usually of four to six parts in earlier years and three to four in later years . <SEP> when ?
one of its earliest massive implementations was brought about by egyptians against the british occupation in the 1919 revolution . <SEP> who ?
in general there were very few north chinese or southerners reaching the highest-post in the government compared with the possibility that persians did so in the ilkhanate . <SEP> where ?
the programme was relaunched in 2005 by russell t davies , who was showrunner and head writer for the first five years of its revival , produced in-house by bbc wales in cardiff . <SEP> who ?
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves . <SEP> who ?
he received congratulatory letters from more than 70 pioneers in science and engineering , including albert einstein . <SEP> how many other important people ?
as of august 2010 , victoria had 1,548 public schools , 489 catholic schools and 214 independent schools . <SEP> how many catholic schools ?
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl . <SEP> which network ?
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced . <SEP> in what year ?
28 june ] 1856 into a serb family in the village of smiljan , austrian empire ( modern-day croatia ) . <SEP> what modern-day country ?
the first two highways successfully opened up the rainforest and led to increased settlement and deforestation . <SEP> what ?
houghton has stressed that the spm is agreed upon by delegates from many of the world 's governments , and that any changes to the spm must be supported by scientific evidence . <SEP> what ?
one chronicle from the early 17th century even relates the legend that the princess hid a small dagger and stabbed him , though some mongol authors have doubted this version and suspected it to be an invention by the rival oirads . <SEP> which rival of the mongols ?
demographically , it was the most diverse city in poland , with significant numbers of foreign-born inhabitants . <SEP> what ?
the sama festival , an east asian cultural festival is also held in early october . <SEP> what cultural festival ?
i feel i did the right thing by violating this particular law ; i am guilty as charged , " but that pleading not guilty sends a message of , " guilt implies wrong-doing . <SEP> which reason ?
a mere half decade later the tract had 267 homes . <SEP> how many homes ?
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements . <SEP> what ?
the average mongol garrison family of the yuan dynasty seems to have lived a life of decaying rural leisure , with income from the harvests of their chinese tenants eaten up by costs of equipping and dispatching men for their tours of duty . <SEP> how ?
in favorable circumstances , ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day . <SEP> how much ?
opposition members can table " wrecking amendments " to the bill , designed to thwart further progress and take up parliamentary time , to cause the bill to fall without a final vote being taken . <SEP> what type ?
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves . <SEP> what super bowl ?
during detention , students normally have to sit in a classroom and do work , write lines or a punishment essay , or sit quietly . <SEP> what ?
the taliban were spawned by the thousands of madrasahs the deobandi movement established for impoverished afghan refugees and supported by governmental and religious groups in neighboring pakistan . <SEP> where ?
however , the interstate trunk routes , as well as a number of branch lines in the west of the state have been converted to 1,435 mm ( 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in ) standard gauge . <SEP> to what gauge ?
euclid 's elements ( circa 300 bc ) contain important theorems about primes , including the infinitude of primes and the fundamental theorem of arithmetic . <SEP> what work from around 300 bc ?
within two weeks , copies of the theses had spread throughout germany ; within two months , they had spread throughout europe . <SEP> how long ?
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species . <SEP> what ?
a 1996 study by perotti examined the channels through which inequality may affect economic growth . <SEP> what ?
in addition , it voted to seek observer status in the national association of evangelicals and in the world evangelical fellowship . <SEP> what type of status ?
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals . <SEP> which team ?
as of 2012 , quality private schools in the united states charged substantial tuition , close to $ 40,000 annually for day schools in new york city , and nearly $ 50,000 for boarding schools . <SEP> what ?
in economics , the university has played an important role in shaping ideas about the free market and is the namesake of the chicago school of economics , the school of economic thought supported by milton friedman and other economists . <SEP> what role in economics ?
because the job of bundle sheath chloroplasts is to carry out the calvin cycle and make sugar , they often contain large starch grains . <SEP> what ?
the astronauts returned safely on july 24 . <SEP> what day ?
itv tyne tees was based at city road for over 40 years after its launch in january 1959. in 2005 it moved to a new facility on the watermark business park next to the metrocentre in gateshead . <SEP> where ?
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of " invisible " kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments ( later identified as " roentgen rays " or " x-rays " ) . <SEP> what ?
other institutions for higher education include the medical university of warsaw , the largest medical school in poland and one of the most prestigious , the national defence university , highest military academic institution in poland , the fryderyk chopin university of music the oldest and largest music school in poland , and one of the largest in europe , the warsaw school of economics , the oldest and most renowned economic university in the country , and the warsaw university of life sciences the largest agricultural university founded in 1818 . <SEP> what ?
a teacher may follow standardized curricula as determined by the relevant authority . <SEP> who ?
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service . <SEP> what cellular carrier ?
by 1985 , the average american vehicle moved 17.4 miles per gallon , compared to 13.5 in 1970. the improvements stayed even though the price of a barrel of oil remained constant at $ 12 from 1974 to 1979. sales of large sedans for most makes ( except chrysler products ) recovered within two model years of the 1973 crisis . <SEP> by which year ?
the usgs has released a california earthquake forecast which models earthquake occurrence in california . <SEP> which organization ?
starch storing amyloplasts can also be converted to chromoplasts , and it is possible for proplastids to develop straight into chromoplasts . <SEP> what ?
he felt that colonies did not pay for themselves , that the german bureaucratic system would not work well in the tropics and the diplomatic disputes over colonies would distract germany from its central interest , europe itself . <SEP> what ?
mongols are widely known to worship the eternal heaven , and according to the traditional mongolian ideology yuan is considered to be " the beginning of an infinite number of beings , the foundation of peace and happiness , state power , the dream of many peoples , besides it there is nothing great or precious . " <SEP> what ?
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections . <SEP> how many panthers players ?
" markets , by themselves , even when they are stable , often lead to high levels of inequality , outcomes that are widely viewed as unfair . " <SEP> how ?
on hearing the finished result , grainer asked , " did i write that ? <SEP> what ?
by this definition , civil disobedience could be traced back to the book of exodus , where shiphrah and puah refused a direct order of pharaoh but misrepresented how they did it . <SEP> what two women ?
for example , the working time directive requires that every worker has at least 4 weeks paid holidays each year , but most member states require more than 28 days in national law . <SEP> how many ?
the election held in 1988 saw the advent of the mlolongo ( queuing ) system , where voters were supposed to line up behind their favoured candidates instead of a secret ballot . <SEP> what ?
it was 33 feet ( 10.1 m ) in diameter and stood 363 feet ( 110.6 m ) tall with its 96,800-pound ( 43,900 kg ) lunar payload . <SEP> what ?
in the genus beroe the juveniles , like the adults , lack tentacles and tentacle sheaths . <SEP> which ?
in addition , analysis of the medieval warm period cited reconstructions by crowley & lowery 2000 ( as cited in the tar ) and osborn & briffa 2006. ten of these 14 reconstructions covered 1,000 years or longer . <SEP> how many medieval warm period reconstructions ?
it was the first network to make the hosts responsible for reliable delivery of data , rather than the network itself , using unreliable datagrams and associated end-to-end protocol mechanisms . <SEP> what ?
he showed that the bodies were accelerated by gravity to an extent that was independent of their mass and argued that objects retain their velocity unless acted on by a force , for example friction . <SEP> what force ?
roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players also opened nearby in 1978 , [ citation needed ] at olive and wishon avenues . fresno native audra mcdonald performed in the leading roles of evita and the wiz at the theater while she was a high school student . <SEP> where ?
cysteine is made in the chloroplast ( the proplastid too ) but it is also synthesized in the cytosol and mitochondria , probably because it has trouble crossing membranes to get to where it is needed . <SEP> what ?
he died in 1227 after defeating the western xia . <SEP> what year ?
this debate has proved difficult to resolve because the practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean that data sampling is biased away from the center of the amazon basin , and both explanations are reasonably well supported by the available data . <SEP> how ?
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach . <SEP> how many years ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> how many punts ?
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism . <SEP> whose tune ?
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock . <SEP> how many yards ?
finally it spread to northwestern russia in 1351. the plague was somewhat less common in parts of europe that had smaller trade relations with their neighbours , including the kingdom of poland , the majority of the basque country , isolated parts of belgium and the netherlands , and isolated alpine villages throughout the continent . <SEP> what types of european groups ?
the provisional elder/deacon is a seminary graduate who serves a two-three-year term in a full-time appointment after being commissioned . <SEP> what ?
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii . <SEP> what ?
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers . <SEP> how many ?
after detecting stress in a cell , which might be due to a pathogen , chloroplasts begin producing molecules like salicylic acid , jasmonic acid , nitric oxide and reactive oxygen species which can serve as defense-signals . <SEP> when ?
for this reason , glaucophyte chloroplasts are also known as muroplasts . <SEP> what ?
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) . <SEP> what ?
on october 6 , 1973 , syria and egypt , with support from other arab nations , launched a surprise attack on israel , on yom kippur . <SEP> when ?
in 1830 , the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church over the issue of laity having a voice and vote in the administration of the church , insisting that clergy should not be the only ones to have any determination in how the church was to be operated . <SEP> when ?
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality . <SEP> what ?
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus . <SEP> when ?
at that time , the nbc red network was the principal radio network in the united states and , according to the fcc , rca was using nbc blue to eliminate any hint of competition . <SEP> what ?
one in five of all the bird species in the world live in the rainforests of the amazon , and one in five of the fish species live in amazonian rivers and streams . <SEP> what portion of bird species ?
a commission on pan methodist cooperation and union formed in 2000 to carry out work on such a merger . <SEP> in what year ?
it is currently the fastest growing sector of the pharmaceutical industry with 19 of 28 newly fda approved medications in 2013 being specialty drugs . <SEP> how many ?
a bbc audience research survey conducted in 1972 found that , by their own definition of violence ( " any act [ s ] which may cause physical and/or psychological injury , hurt or death to persons , animals or property , whether intentional or accidental " ) doctor who was the most violent of the drama programmes the corporation produced at the time . <SEP> which ?
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression . <SEP> how many events ?
by 1529 , in on war against the turk , he was actively urging emperor charles v and the german people to fight a secular war against the turks . <SEP> what kind of war ?
luther 's writings circulated widely , reaching france , england , and italy as early as 1519. students thronged to wittenberg to hear luther speak . <SEP> when ?
[ note 6 ] in 1978 a disco version of the theme was released in the uk , denmark and australia by the group mankind , which reached number 24 in the uk charts . <SEP> how high on the charts ?
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) . <SEP> to which sport ?
in addition , there is a large hindu population in kenya ( around 300,000 ) , who have played a key role in the local economy ; they are mostly of indian origin . <SEP> how much of the population ?
the highest temperature recorded was 104 °f ( 40 °c ) on july 11 , 1879 and july 28 , 1872. it is common for thunderstorms to erupt during a typical summer afternoon . <SEP> what ?
the mayor of warsaw is called president . <SEP> what ?
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status . <SEP> in what years ?
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch . <SEP> in which point ?
the embargo left oil companies searching for new ways to increase oil supplies , even in rugged terrain such as the arctic . <SEP> in which area ?
most british colonies mustered local militia companies , generally ill trained and available only for short periods , to deal with native threats , but did not have any standing forces . <SEP> what ?
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable . <SEP> what additional srevice ?
as a member of the scottish parliamentary corporate body , the presiding officer is responsible for ensuring that the parliament functions effectively and has the staff , property and resources it requires to operate . <SEP> who ?
the television network has eight owned-and-operated and over 232 affiliated television stations throughout the united states and its territories . <SEP> how many of the network 's stations ?
the beroida , also known as nuda , have no feeding appendages , but their large pharynx , just inside the large mouth and filling most of the saclike body , bears " macrocilia " at the oral end . <SEP> what group ?
thus , in a market economy , inequality is a reflection of the productivity gap between highly-paid professions and lower-paid professions . <SEP> what ?
many centuries later leonardo da vinci built on philo 's work by observing that a portion of air is consumed during combustion and respiration . <SEP> of what ?
after the war started , tesla lost the funding he was receiving from his patents in european countries . <SEP> what ?
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . " <SEP> what church money collector ?
chloroplasts can not be made by the plant cell and must be inherited by each daughter cell during cell division . <SEP> how ?
the city is home to the children 's memorial health institute ( cmhi ) , the highest-reference hospital in all of poland , as well as an active research and education center . <SEP> what ?
many of tesla 's patents were in the united states , britain , and canada , but many other patents were approved in countries around the globe . <SEP> what ?
u.s. defense secretary robert gates called for establishing something similar to the defunct u.s. information agency , which was charged with undermining the communist ideology during the cold war . <SEP> what position in the government ?
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion ( due to fermionic nature of electrons ) follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects . <SEP> what ?
q stands for the quaternary period . <SEP> during which period ?
during that year , tesla worked in pittsburgh , helping to create an alternating current system to power the city 's streetcars . <SEP> what ?
( an earlier version of eyevision was last used in super bowl xxxv ; for super bowl 50 , the cameras were upgraded to 5k resolution . ) <SEP> what resolution ?
developing countries with high inequality have " succeeded in initiating growth at high rates for a few years " but " longer growth spells are robustly associated with more equality in the income distribution . " <SEP> what ?
a teacher 's role may vary among cultures . <SEP> what factor ?
the logo for the twelfth doctor had the " dw " tardis insignia removed and the font was subtly altered , as well as made slightly larger . <SEP> which logo ?
the three-stage saturn v was designed to send a fully fueled csm and lm to the moon . <SEP> what ?
the term imperialism has been applied to western ( and japanese ) political and economic dominance especially in asia and africa in the 19th and 20th centuries . <SEP> which eastern county ?
saudi arabia and iran became increasingly dependent on american security assurances to manage both external and internal threats , including increased military competition between them over increased oil revenues . <SEP> which country 's arms purchase from the us ?
howard zinn writes , " there may be many times when protesters choose to go to jail , as a way of continuing their protest , as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice . <SEP> why ?
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck . <SEP> who ?
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls . <SEP> when ?
the rankine cycle is sometimes referred to as a practical carnot cycle because , when an efficient turbine is used , the ts diagram begins to resemble the carnot cycle . <SEP> what ?
dc electricity must be used : if ac is used , the gases in each limb consist of hydrogen and oxygen in the explosive ratio 2:1. contrary to popular belief , the 2:1 ratio observed in the dc electrolysis of acidified water does not prove that the empirical formula of water is h2o unless certain assumptions are made about the molecular formulae of hydrogen and oxygen themselves . <SEP> what type of electric current ?
likewise , when carter wentworth was charged for his role in the clamshell alliance 's 1977 illegal occupation of the seabrook station nuclear power plant , the judge instructed the jury to disregard his competing harms defense , and he was found guilty . <SEP> what type of defense ?
with the death of captain francis fowke , royal engineers the next architect to work at the museum was colonel ( later major general ) henry young darracott scott , also of the royal engineers . <SEP> who ?
tesla never married ; he said his chastity was very helpful to his scientific abilities . <SEP> what characteristic ?
in the spring of 1975 , fred pierce , the newly appointed president of abc television , convinced fred silverman to become the first president and director of programming of the independent television production subsidiary abc entertainment , created from the network 's namesake programming division . <SEP> who ?
immediately after decision time a " members debate " is held , which lasts for 45 minutes . <SEP> when ?
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness . <SEP> where ?
peter capaldi took on the role after matt smith 's exit in the 2013 christmas special " the time of the doctor " . <SEP> who ?
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased . <SEP> what ?
the plant cells which contain chloroplasts are usually parenchyma cells , though chloroplasts can also be found in collenchyma tissue . <SEP> what plant cells ?
contiguous land empires such as the russian or ottoman are generally excluded from discussions of colonialism . <SEP> who besides the russians ?
enthusiastic teachers are particularly good at creating beneficial relations with their students . <SEP> what type of relationships ?
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them . <SEP> what ?
in the same interview , tesla said that he believed that all fundamental laws could be reduced to one . <SEP> how many ?
louis xiv gained the throne in 1643 and acted increasingly aggressively to force the huguenots to convert . <SEP> how ?
clinical pharmacists care for patients in all health care settings , but the clinical pharmacy movement initially began inside hospitals and clinics . <SEP> where ?
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium . <SEP> how many stadiums ?
besides , within the city borders , there are also : pole mokotowskie ( a big park in the northern mokotów , where was the first horse racetrack and then the airport ) , park ujazdowski ( close to the sejm and john lennon street ) , park of culture and rest in powsin , by the southern city border , park skaryszewski by the right vistula bank , in praga . <SEP> what park ?
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands . <SEP> what country ?
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus . <SEP> what century ?
the victorian constitution can be amended by the parliament of victoria , except for certain " entrenched " provisions that require either an absolute majority in both houses , a three-fifths majority in both houses , or the approval of the victorian people in a referendum , depending on the provision . <SEP> what ?
the main quadrangles consist of six quadrangles , each surrounded by buildings , bordering one larger quadrangle . <SEP> how many quadrangles ?
the literary and philosophical society of newcastle upon tyne ( popularly known as the 'lit & phil ' ) is the largest independent library outside london , housing more than 150,000 books . <SEP> what ?
the plugs-out test began on the morning of january 27 , 1967 , and immediately was plagued with problems . <SEP> when ?
in 2004 , abc 's average viewership declined by ten ratings points , landing the network in fourth place , behind nbc , cbs and fox ( by the following year , the combined season-ending average audience share of abc , nbc and cbs represented only 32 % of u.s. households ) . <SEP> in what year ?
he called it packet switching , a more accessible name than baran 's , and proposed to build a nationwide network in the uk . <SEP> what ?
some of the best rally drivers in the world have taken part in and won the rally , such as björn waldegård , hannu mikkola , tommi mäkinen , shekhar mehta , carlos sainz and colin mcrae . <SEP> who ?
near the end of the battle the shah fled rather than surrender . <SEP> what ?
the city of fresno is planned to serve the future california high speed rail . <SEP> which city ?
they hold the uk 's biggest national collection of material about live performance in the uk since shakespeare 's day , covering drama , dance , musical theatre , circus , music hall , rock and pop , and most other forms of live entertainment . <SEP> what collection ?
running back c. j. anderson was the team 's leading rusher 863 yards and seven touchdowns , while also catching 25 passes for 183 yards . <SEP> who ?
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no . <SEP> what ?
arpanet and sita hln became operational in 1969. before the introduction of x.25 in 1973 , about twenty different network technologies had been developed . <SEP> when ?
stairs from the riverside to higher parts of the city centre and the extant castle keep , originally recorded in the 14th century , remain intact in places . <SEP> what runs from the riverside ?
there are many differences between the teachers for elementary schools ( grundschule ) , lower secondary schools ( hauptschule ) , middle level secondary schools ( realschule ) and higher level secondary schools ( gymnasium ) . <SEP> what ?
the first commercially viable process for producing liquid oxygen was independently developed in 1895 by german engineer carl von linde and british engineer william hampson . <SEP> when ?
the speed of the response is a result of signal amplification that occurs following sequential proteolytic activation of complement molecules , which are also proteases . <SEP> the speed of the killing response of the human immune system ?
as part of the agreements , both bskyb and virgin media agreed to terminate all high court proceedings against each other relating to the carriage of their respective basic channels . <SEP> what company ?
during that year , tesla worked in pittsburgh , helping to create an alternating current system to power the city 's streetcars . <SEP> what ?
it is from here that the corporation broadcasts the look north television regional news programme and local radio station bbc radio newcastle . <SEP> what local radio station ?
likewise , a protestor who attempts to escape punishment by committing the crime covertly and avoiding attribution , or by denying having committed the crime , or by fleeing the jurisdiction , is generally viewed as not being a civil disobedient . <SEP> for what reason ?
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) . <SEP> what ?
some civil disobedients , such as the proprietors of illegal medical cannabis dispensaries and voice in the wilderness , which brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the u.s. government , directly achieve a desired social goal ( such as the provision of medication to the sick ) while openly breaking the law . <SEP> what group of civil disobedients ?
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china . <SEP> which descendant of genghis khan ?
capital cities/abc reported revenues of $ 465 million . <SEP> how much ?
while etioplasts lack chlorophyll , they have a yellow chlorophyll precursor stocked . <SEP> what ?
though luther saw the muslim faith as a tool of the devil , he was indifferent to its practice : " let the turk believe and live as he will , just as one lets the papacy and other false christians live . " <SEP> how ?
the country of australia serves as a case study in relation to british settlement and colonial rule of the continent in the eighteenth century , as it was premised on terra nullius , and its settlers considered it unused by its sparse aboriginal inhabitants . <SEP> when ?
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary . <SEP> what ?
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer . <SEP> what ?
the museum owns the world 's largest collection of post-classical sculpture , with the holdings of italian renaissance items being the largest outside italy . <SEP> of which period ?
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere . <SEP> which parts of the earth ?
starch is stored in the form of paramylon , which is contained in membrane-bound granules in the cytoplasm of the euglenophyte . <SEP> what ?
civil disobedience is one of the many ways people have rebelled against what they deem to be unfair laws . <SEP> what ?
he produced artificial lightning , with discharges consisting of millions of volts and up to 135 feet long . <SEP> how big ?
the plain moraine plateau has only a few natural and artificial ponds and also groups of clay pits . <SEP> what plateau ?
there are over 10,000 objects made from silver or gold in the collection , the display ( about 15 % of the collection ) is divided into secular and sacred covering both christian ( roman catholic , anglican and greek orthodox ) and jewish liturgical vessels and items . <SEP> into which categories ?
in some groups , such as the flat , bottom-dwelling platyctenids , the juveniles behave more like true larvae , as they live among the plankton and thus occupy a different ecological niche from their parents and attain the adult form by a more radical metamorphosis , after dropping to the sea-floor . <SEP> when ?
injectors became popular in the 1850s but are no longer widely used , except in applications such as steam locomotives . <SEP> what ?
he became convinced that the church was corrupt in its ways and had lost sight of what he saw as several of the central truths of christianity . <SEP> what ?
at present , the branches waal and nederrijn-lek discharge to the north sea , through the former meuse estuary , near rotterdam . <SEP> what ?
the network hired the troika design group to design and produce its 2001–02 identity , which continued using the black-and-yellow coloring of the logo and featured dots and stripes in various promotional and identification spots . <SEP> who ?
those pharmacists are often referred to as clinical pharmacists and they often specialize in various disciplines of pharmacy . <SEP> what ?
martin luther married katharina von bora , one of 12 nuns he had helped escape from the nimbschen cistercian convent in april 1523 , when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels . <SEP> how ?
in 1990 , thomas s. murphy delegated his position as president to daniel b. burke while remaining abc 's chairman and ceo . <SEP> what position at abc ?
following the arab spring , roy has described islamism as " increasingly interdependent " with democracy in much of the arab muslim world , such that " neither can now survive without the other . " <SEP> what ?
for reasons of economy , oxygen is often transported in bulk as a liquid in specially insulated tankers , since one liter of liquefied oxygen is equivalent to 840 liters of gaseous oxygen at atmospheric pressure and 20 °c ( 68 °f ) . <SEP> by what means ?
in 1959 , this rerun activity was completed with program syndication , with abc films selling programs to networks not owned by abc . <SEP> when ?
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility . <SEP> what document ?
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance . <SEP> what song ?
over time , wealth condensation can significantly contribute to the persistence of inequality within society . <SEP> what ?
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants . <SEP> who ?
andreas karlstadt , supported by the ex-augustinian gabriel zwilling , embarked on a radical programme of reform there in june 1521 , exceeding anything envisaged by luther . <SEP> who ?
by the 6th century , the rhine was within the borders of francia . <SEP> when ?
in response to demands for a german liturgy , luther wrote a german mass , which he published in early 1526. he did not intend it as a replacement for his 1523 adaptation of the latin mass but as an alternative for the " simple people " , a " public stimulation for people to believe and become christians . " <SEP> what ?
the neighborhood has very little retail activity , aside from the area near fresno street and state route 99 freeway ( kearney palm shopping center , built in the late 1990s ) and small corner markets scattered throughout . <SEP> how much retail activity ?
anticipating that currency values would fluctuate unpredictably for a time , the industrialized nations increased their reserves ( by expanding their money supplies ) in amounts far greater than before . <SEP> why ?
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102. cornerbacks aqib talib ( three interceptions ) and chris harris , jr. ( two interceptions ) were the other two pro bowl selections from the defense . <SEP> who ?
it is bordered by tanzania to the south , uganda to the west , south sudan to the north-west , ethiopia to the north and somalia to the north-east . <SEP> what country ?
in the southern north sea , due to ongoing tectonic subsidence , the sea level is still rising , at the rate of about 1–3 cm ( 0.39–1.18 in ) per century ( 1 metre or 39 inches in last 3000 years ) . <SEP> why ?
traditionally , labor is strongest in melbourne 's working class western and northern suburbs , and the regional cities of ballarat , bendigo and geelong . <SEP> what party ?
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates . <SEP> how many ?
the advances made in the middle east in botany and chemistry led medicine in medieval islam substantially to develop pharmacology . <SEP> in which ?
they ultimately decided to switch to german in protest against the occupation of prussia by napoleon in 1806-07. many of their descendents rose to positions of prominence . <SEP> why ?
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular . <SEP> what ?
the rhetoric of colonizers being racially superior appears to have achieved its purpose , for example throughout latin america " whiteness " is still prized today and various forms of blanqueamiento ( whitening ) are common . <SEP> what ?
after each election to the scottish parliament , at the beginning of each parliamentary session , parliament elects one msp to serve as presiding officer , the equivalent of the speaker ( currently tricia marwick ) , and two msps to serve as deputies ( currently elaine smith and john scott ) . <SEP> who ?
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools . <SEP> when ?
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force . <SEP> what ?
sophomore , junior , and senior undergraduates live in twelve residential houses , nine of which are south of harvard yard along or near the charles river . <SEP> how many residential dorms house upper class , sophomore , jr , and sr ?
doctor who has been nominated for over 200 awards and has won over a hundred of them . <SEP> how many awards ?
it is possible that the inverted repeats help stabilize the rest of the chloroplast genome , as chloroplast dnas which have lost some of the inverted repeat segments tend to get rearranged more . <SEP> what ?
sport scholarship , art scholarship , academic scholarship ) , financial need , or tax credit scholarships that might be available . <SEP> what ?
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982. this building is of concrete and very functional , the only embellishment being the iron gates by christopher hay and douglas coyne of the royal college of art . <SEP> what ?
genghis khan recalled subutai back to mongolia soon afterwards , and jebe died on the road back to samarkand . <SEP> where ?
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom . <SEP> whose relics ?
in time , kublai khan 's successors lost all influence on other mongol lands across asia , while the mongols beyond the middle kingdom saw them as too chinese . <SEP> why ?
on 27 january 2014 , microsoft announced " that skydrive will soon become onedrive " and " skydrive pro " becomes " onedrive for business " . <SEP> what ?
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth . <SEP> what story ?
the soulages collection of italian and french renaissance objects was acquired between 1859 and 1865 , and includes several cassone . <SEP> when ?
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac . <SEP> when ?
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude . <SEP> how much ?
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species . <SEP> where ?
there are over 100 different species of trees and the avenues are a place to sit and relax . <SEP> over how many species of trees ?
there are a set of beautiful inlaid doors , dated 1580 from antwerp city hall , attributed to hans vredeman de vries . <SEP> to which year ?
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm . <SEP> what ?
the earliest known reference to immunity was during the plague of athens in 430 bc . <SEP> what even ?
there have also been many references to doctor who in popular culture and other science fiction , including star trek : the next generation ( " the neutral zone " ) and leverage . <SEP> what star ?
the lake is situated in germany , switzerland and austria near the alps . <SEP> what mountainous region ?
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn . <SEP> what ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> what team ?
:121,154 he lived most of his life in a series of new york hotels , through his retirement . <SEP> where ?
in on the abrogation of the private mass , he condemned as idolatry the idea that the mass is a sacrifice , asserting instead that it is a gift , to be received with thanksgiving by the whole congregation . <SEP> how ?
rather than being more moderate than the plo , the 1988 hamas charter took a more uncompromising stand , calling for the destruction of israel and the establishment of an islamic state in palestine . <SEP> what ?
faced with this strength , loudoun returned to new york amid news that a massacre had occurred at fort william henry . <SEP> what ?
eisner left abc in 1976 to become president of paramount pictures ( and would later become the president of abc 's eventual parent company , disney ) . <SEP> what company ?
the free movement of workers regulation articles 1 to 7 set out the main provisions on equal treatment of workers . <SEP> which articles of the free movement of workers regulation ?
climate fluctuations during the last 34 million years have allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics . <SEP> what ?
while granting his generals a great deal of autonomy in making command decisions , genghis khan also expected unwavering loyalty from them . <SEP> what ?
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health . <SEP> what animals ?
jacksonville is the principal city in the jacksonville metropolitan area , with a population of 1,345,596 in 2010 . <SEP> what ?
before the freeze ended in 1952 , there were only 108 existing television stations in the united states ; a few major cities ( such as boston ) had only two television stations , many other cities ( such as pittsburgh and st. louis ) had only one , and still many others ( such as denver and portland ) did not yet have any television service . <SEP> how many stations ?
following the defeat of napoleonic france in 1815 , britain enjoyed a century of almost unchallenged dominance and expanded its imperial holdings around the globe . <SEP> when ?
temüjin 's mother hoelun taught him many lessons about the unstable political climate of mongolia , especially the need for alliances . <SEP> who ?
the logo is displayed on-air , online and in print advertising in four variants shading the respective color used with the circle design 's native black coloring : a gold version is primarily used on entertainment-oriented outlets ( such as abc.com , watch abc , and by abc studios ) and the on-screen bug ; steel blue and dark grey versions are used primarily by abc news ; a red version is used for espn on abc , while all four variants are used selectively in advertising and by affiliates . <SEP> how many variants ?
he prayed , consulted friends , and gave his response the next day : <SEP> when ?
for the top 21 industrialised countries , counting each person equally , life expectancy is lower in more unequal countries ( r = -.907 ) . <SEP> in u.s. states , what ?
despite popular prejudices to the contrary , the u.s. economy consistently affords a lower level of economic mobility than all the continental european countries for which data is available . " <SEP> which set of countries ?
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown . <SEP> which newton turnover ?
in some plants such as cacti , chloroplasts are found in the stems , though in most plants , chloroplasts are concentrated in the leaves . <SEP> where ?
until the bishop has read the appointments at the session of the annual conference , no appointments are officially fixed . <SEP> what ?
according to the kenya national bureau of statistics , in 2011 there were 65,000 qualified nurses registered in the country ; 8,600 clinical officers and 7,000 doctors for the population of 43 million people ( these figures from official registers include those who have died or left the profession hence the actual number of these workers may be lower ) . <SEP> how many doctors ?
in the 2013 episode " the time of the doctor , " the eleventh doctor clarified he was the product of the twelfth regeneration , due to a previous incarnation which he chose not to count and one other aborted regeneration . <SEP> in what episode ?
[ ... ] for reason is the greatest enemy that faith has ; it never comes to the aid of spiritual things . " <SEP> what ?
chloroplasts have their own ribosomes , which they use to synthesize a small fraction of their proteins . <SEP> what ?
at 25 °c and 1 standard atmosphere ( 101.3 kpa ) of air , freshwater contains about 6.04 milliliters ( ml ) of oxygen per liter , whereas seawater contains about 4.95 ml per liter . <SEP> in what type of water ?
still , the denomination is pro-choice and also " was a founding member of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ... [ and ] 2008 general conference [ went ] on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice " . <SEP> when ?
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing . <SEP> when ?
chloroplasts can grow and progress through some of the constriction stages under poor quality green light , but are slow to complete division—they require exposure to bright white light to complete division . <SEP> what kind of light ?
temüjin rescued her with the help of his friend and future rival , jamukha , and his protector , toghrul khan of the keraite tribe . <SEP> who ?
plague remained a major event in ottoman society until the second quarter of the 19th century . <SEP> how long ?
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku . <SEP> how much ?
the region spans from pacific ocean islands , shorelines , beaches , and coastal plains , through the transverse and peninsular ranges with their peaks , into the large and small interior valleys , to the vast deserts of california . <SEP> in which body of water ?
sir muhammad iqbal was elected president of the muslim league in 1930 at its session in allahabad as well as for the session in lahore in 1932. in his allahabad address on 29 december 1930 , iqbal outlined a vision of an independent state for muslim-majority provinces in northwestern india . <SEP> when ?
starting in 1965 , donald davies at the national physical laboratory , uk , independently developed the same message routing methodology as developed by baran . <SEP> what ?
dikes , long , planar igneous intrusions , enter along cracks , and therefore often form in large numbers in areas that are being actively deformed . <SEP> what ?
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact . <SEP> what ?
philosophers in antiquity used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects and simple machines , but thinkers such as aristotle and archimedes retained fundamental errors in understanding force . <SEP> what concept ?
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar . <SEP> who ?
in 1940 , the census bureau reported fresno 's population as 94.0 % white , 3.3 % black and 2.7 % asian . <SEP> what percentage of the population in fresno ?
the history of the steam engine stretches back as far as the first century ad ; the first recorded rudimentary steam engine being the aeolipile described by greek mathematician hero of alexandria . <SEP> in what century ?
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway . <SEP> what ?
the two teams ' combined third down conversion percentage of 13.8 was a super bowl low . <SEP> how many teams ?
he received a bachelor 's degree in biblical studies on 9 march 1508 , and another bachelor 's degree in the sentences by peter lombard in 1509 . <SEP> what ?
the very high-speed backbone network service ( vbns ) came on line in april 1995 as part of a national science foundation ( nsf ) sponsored project to provide high-speed interconnection between nsf-sponsored supercomputing centers and select access points in the united states . <SEP> what ?
furthermore , the yuan is sometimes known as the " empire of the great khan " or " khanate of the great khan " , which particularly appeared on some yuan maps , since yuan emperors held the nominal title of great khan . <SEP> what nominal title ?
using handheld gps devices and programs like google earth , members of the trio tribe , who live in the rainforests of southern suriname , map out their ancestral lands to help strengthen their territorial claims . <SEP> what ?
patrons who have influenced taste are also represented by works of art from their collections , these include : horace walpole ( a major influence on the gothic revival ) , william thomas beckford and thomas hope . <SEP> which artist who had a major influence on the gothic revival ?
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell . <SEP> how many yards ?
the normans settled mostly in an area in the east of ireland , later known as the pale , and also built many fine castles and settlements , including trim castle and dublin castle . <SEP> what country ?
policies aiming at controlling unemployment and in particular at reducing its inequality-associated effects support economic growth . <SEP> which ?
let 's say ten times more . " <SEP> how many times ?
these stages were called expansions , with double and triple expansion engines being common , especially in shipping where efficiency was important to reduce the weight of coal carried . <SEP> what ?
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices . <SEP> when ?
even simple unicellular organisms such as bacteria possess a rudimentary immune system , in the form of enzymes that protect against bacteriophage infections . <SEP> that ?
the 2010 united states census reported that fresno had a population of 494,665. the population density was 4,404.5 people per square mile ( 1,700.6/km² ) . <SEP> how many people per square mile ?
in the early 1950s , student applications declined as a result of increasing crime and poverty in the hyde park neighborhood . <SEP> in what year ?
newton proposed that every object with mass has an innate inertia that functions as the fundamental equilibrium " natural state " in place of the aristotelian idea of the " natural state of rest " . <SEP> who ?
firstly , certain costs are difficult to avoid and are shared by everyone , such as the costs of housing , pensions , education and health care . <SEP> how ?
following the treaty , king george iii issued the royal proclamation of 1763 on october 7 , 1763 , which outlined the division and administration of the newly conquered territory , and to some extent continues to govern relations between the government of modern canada and the first nations . <SEP> what ?
one of the best examples of this architecture are krasiński palace ( 1677–1683 ) , wilanów palace ( 1677–1696 ) and st. kazimierz church ( 1688–1692 ) . <SEP> when ?
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell . <SEP> who ?
the apollo program succeeded in achieving its goal of manned lunar landing , despite the major setback of a 1967 apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test . <SEP> what type of launch ?
this basin encompasses 7,000,000 square kilometres ( 2,700,000 sq mi ) , of which 5,500,000 square kilometres ( 2,100,000 sq mi ) are covered by the rainforest . <SEP> how many square kilometers of rainforest ?
the wojciech bogusławski theatre ( 1922–26 ) , was the best example of " polish monumental theatre " . <SEP> what theatre ?
the time and memory consumption of these alternate models may vary . <SEP> what two resources ?
there are direct contractual links between the architect 's client and the main contractor . <SEP> who ?
in 1998 , abc premiered the aaron sorkin-created sitcom sports night , centering on the travails of the staff of a sportscenter-style sports news program ; despite earning critical praise and multiple emmy awards , the series was cancelled in 2000 after two seasons . <SEP> what aaron sorkin ?
the phrase " hiding behind ( or 'watching from behind ' ) the sofa " entered british pop culture , signifying in humour the stereotypical early-series behaviour of children who wanted to avoid seeing frightening parts of a television programme while remaining in the room to watch the remainder of it . <SEP> what popular phrase ?
the espn deportes spanish broadcast was made available through watchespn . <SEP> on what service ?
on october 6 , 2004 , a joint japanese-mongolian archaeological dig uncovered what is believed to be genghis khan 's palace in rural mongolia , which raises the possibility of actually locating the ruler 's long-lost burial site . <SEP> on which date ?
word of the british military plans leaked to france well before braddock 's departure for north america . <SEP> when ?
a fine tribute to the fall of warsaw and history of poland can be found in the warsaw uprising museum and in the katyń museum which preserves the memory of the crime . <SEP> what museum ?
it was commissioned by odo , the bishop of bayeux and first earl of kent , employing natives from kent who were learned in the nordic traditions imported in the previous half century by the danish vikings . <SEP> who ?
macrophages are versatile cells that reside within tissues and produce a wide array of chemicals including enzymes , complement proteins , and regulatory factors such as interleukin 1. macrophages also act as scavengers , ridding the body of worn-out cells and other debris , and as antigen-presenting cells that activate the adaptive immune system . <SEP> what ?
this is similar to the 1988 continuation of mission impossible , but differs from most other series relaunches which have either been reboots ( for example , battlestar galactica and bionic woman [ citation needed ] ) or set in the same universe as the original but in a different time period and with different characters ( for example , star trek : the next generation and spin-offs [ citation needed ] ) . <SEP> what other series ?
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor . <SEP> what year ?
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in . <SEP> which part of china ?
many of these liturgies are derived from the anglican tradition 's book of common prayer . <SEP> from what book ?
the min system manages the placement of the z-ring , ensuring that the chloroplast is cleaved more or less evenly . <SEP> what ?
in 1981 , the presidential working party on the second university was commissioned to look at both the possibilities of setting up a second university in kenya as well as the reforming of the entire education system . <SEP> what ?
the highest level is called the general conference and is the only organization which may speak officially for the church . <SEP> what ?
in 2010 , the eleventh doctor similarly calls himself " the eleventh " in " the lodger " . <SEP> in what episode ?
kenya has a warm and humid tropical climate on its indian ocean coastline . <SEP> what type of climate ?
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) . <SEP> how old ?
illuminated manuscripts in the library dating from the 12th to 16th centuries include : the eadwine psalter [ citation needed ] , canterbury ; pocket book of hours , reims ; missal from the royal abbey of saint denis , paris ; the simon marmion book of hours , bruges ; 1524 charter illuminated by lucas horenbout , london ; the armagnac manuscript of the trial and rehabilitation of joan of arc , rouen . <SEP> what ?
the specific devolved matters are all subjects which are not explicitly stated in schedule 5 to the scotland act as reserved matters . <SEP> where ?
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california . <SEP> what day ?
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night . <SEP> what new name ?
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region . <SEP> what kind of economy ?
luther journeyed to mansfeld twice in late 1545 to participate in the negotiations for a settlement , and a third visit was needed in early 1546 for their completion . <SEP> what ?
therefore , according to the book of discipline , united methodist theology is at once " catholic , evangelical , and reformed . " <SEP> what ?
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales . <SEP> in what geographical portion of wales ?
one early map shows a village called ossachite at the site of what is now downtown jacksonville ; this may be the earliest recorded name for that area . <SEP> what ?
any knot can be uniquely expressed as a connected sum of prime knots . <SEP> how ?
even with this increase , the maximum it showed for the medieval warm period did not reach temperatures recorded in central england in 2007. the mbh99 finding was supported by cited reconstructions by jones et al . 1998 , pollack , huang & shen 1998 , crowley & lowery 2000 and briffa 2000 , using differing data and methods . <SEP> what ?
it is perhaps the first modern [ vague ] statement of the principle of nonviolent protest . <SEP> what ?
the ruhr currently provides the region with drinking water . <SEP> what ?
steam engines can be said to have been the moving force behind the industrial revolution and saw widespread commercial use driving machinery in factories , mills and mines ; powering pumping stations ; and propelling transport appliances such as railway locomotives , ships , steamboats and road vehicles . <SEP> what ?
therefore , most ersatzschulen have very low tuition fees and/or offer scholarships , compared to most other western european countries . <SEP> how ?
connection-oriented transmission requires a setup phase in each involved node before any packet is transferred to establish the parameters of communication . <SEP> what ?
these are the greater los angeles area at 17,786,419 , and san diego–tijuana at 5,105,768. of these metropolitan areas , the los angeles-long beach-santa ana metropolitan area , riverside-san bernardino-ontario metropolitan area , and oxnard-thousand oaks-ventura metropolitan area form greater los angeles ; while the el centro metropolitan area and san diego-carlsbad-san marcos metropolitan area form the southern border region . <SEP> what ?
major bequests include reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of 154 gems bequeathed in 1869 , lady cory 's 1951 gift of major diamond jewellery from the 18th and 19th centuries , and jewellery scholar dame joan evans ' 1977 gift of more than 800 jewels dating from the middle ages to the early 19th century . <SEP> in which year ?
apollo 13 launched lovell , jack swigert , and fred haise in april 1970 , headed for the fra mauro formation . <SEP> what month and year ?
kenya is known for its safaris , diverse climate and geography , and expansive wildlife reserves and national parks such as the east and west tsavo national park , the maasai mara , lake nakuru national park , and aberdares national park . <SEP> what ?
oxfam 's claims have however been questioned on the basis of the methodology used : by using net wealth ( adding up assets and subtracting debts ) , the oxfam report , for instance , finds that there are more poor people in the united states and western europe than in china ( due to a greater tendency to take on debts ) . <SEP> what ?
he also realised that such administrators could not be found among his mongol people because they were nomads and thus had no experience governing cities . <SEP> why ?
abc 's daytime schedule currently features talk shows the view and the chew , and the soap opera general hospital , the latter of which is the longest-running entertainment program in the history of the abc television network , having aired since 1963. abc also broadcasts the morning news program good morning america and has done so since 1975 , though that program is not considered to be part of the abc daytime block . <SEP> what series ?
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health . <SEP> how ?
cbs set the base rate for a 30-second advertisement at $ 5,000,000 , a record high price for a super bowl ad . <SEP> what ?
the european court of justice is the highest court able to interpret european union law . <SEP> which court ?
the current subject committees in the fourth session are : economy , energy and tourism ; education and culture ; health and sport ; justice ; local government and regeneration ; rural affairs , climate change and environment ; welfare reform ; and infrastructure and capital investment . <SEP> what ?
on 13 june 1525 , the couple was engaged with johannes bugenhagen , justus jonas , johannes apel , philipp melanchthon and lucas cranach the elder and his wife as witnesses . <SEP> when ?
the programme is listed in guinness world records as the longest-running science fiction television show in the world , the " most successful " science fiction series of all time—based on its over-all broadcast ratings , dvd and book sales , and itunes traffic— and for the largest ever simulcast of a tv drama with its 50th anniversary special . <SEP> where ?
as of march 2015 [ update ] , it had control over territory occupied by ten million people in iraq and syria , and has nominal control over small areas of libya , nigeria and afghanistan . <SEP> how many people ?
it was however superseded by the british invention steam turbine where speed was required , for instance in warships , such as the dreadnought battleships , and ocean liners . <SEP> people of what nationality ?
southern california is also home to a large home grown surf and skateboard culture . <SEP> what other culture ?
much of southern california is famous for its large , spread-out , suburban communities and use of automobiles and highways . <SEP> what else ?
following the merger of harvard and radcliffe admissions in 1977 , the proportion of female undergraduates steadily increased , mirroring a trend throughout higher education in the united states . <SEP> in what year ?
in afghanistan , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviet union in the 1980s did not lead to justice and prosperity , due to a vicious and destructive civil war between political and tribal warlords , making afghanistan one of the poorest countries on earth . <SEP> what ?
to recognize the differences of companies in this sector , it is divided into three subsectors : building construction , heavy and civil engineering construction , and specialty trade contractors . <SEP> what ?
following the merger , thomas s. murphy left abc with robert iger taking his place as president and ceo . <SEP> who ?
warsaw provides many examples of architecture from the gothic , renaissance , baroque and neoclassical periods , and around a quarter of the city is filled with luxurious parks and royal gardens . <SEP> what ?
westinghouse also hired tesla for one year for the large fee of $ 2,000 ( $ 52,700 in today 's dollars ) per month to be a consultant at the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company 's pittsburgh labs . <SEP> what ?
in september 1760 , and before any hostilities erupted , governor vaudreuil negotiated from montreal a capitulation with general amherst . <SEP> what british general ?
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent . <SEP> which current type ?
despite manning 's problems with interceptions during the season , he did n't throw any in their two playoff games . <SEP> who ?
fulton street in downtown fresno was fresno 's main financial and commercial district before being converted into one of the nation 's first pedestrian malls in 1964. renamed the fulton mall , the area contains the densest collection of historic buildings in fresno . <SEP> in what year ?
some dinophytes , like kryptoperidinium and durinskia have a diatom ( heterokontophyte ) derived chloroplast . <SEP> what ?
only the series from 2009 onwards are available on blu-ray , except for the 1970 story spearhead from space , released in july 2013. many early releases have been re-released as special editions , with more bonus features . <SEP> what series years ?
the country of australia serves as a case study in relation to british settlement and colonial rule of the continent in the eighteenth century , as it was premised on terra nullius , and its settlers considered it unused by its sparse aboriginal inhabitants . <SEP> what ?
josel of rosheim , the jewish spokesman who tried to help the jews of saxony in 1537 , later blamed their plight on " that priest whose name was martin luther—may his body and soul be bound up in hell ! —who wrote and issued many heretical books in which he said that whoever would help the jews was doomed to perdition . " <SEP> who ?
the university of chicago agreed to confer a degree on any graduating senior from an affiliated school who made a grade of a for all four years , and on any other graduate who took twelve weeks additional study at the university of chicago . <SEP> that ?
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute . <SEP> what ?
hamas has been praised by muslims for driving israel out of the gaza strip , but criticized for failure to achieve its demands in the 2008-9 and 2014 gaza wars despite heavy destruction and significant loss of life . <SEP> what ?
although at least three pads were planned , only two , designated a and b , were completed in october 1965. the loc also included an operations and checkout building ( ocb ) to which gemini and apollo spacecraft were initially received prior to being mated to their launch vehicles . <SEP> how many ?
islamism , also known as political islam ( arabic : إسلام سياسي‎ islām siyāsī ) , is an islamic revival movement often characterized by moral conservatism , literalism , and the attempt " to implement islamic values in all spheres of life . " <SEP> what aspects of life ?
an unsuccessful naval expedition was undertaken against japan in 1274. kublai captured the song capital of hangzhou in 1276 , the wealthiest city of china . <SEP> what ?
the network 's flagship owned-and-operated station , wjz-tv in new york city ( later re-called wabc-tv ) , signed on the air on august 10 , 1948 , with its first broadcast running for two hours that evening . <SEP> when ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> who ?
starting in 1934 , the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company began paying tesla $ 125 per month as well as paying his rent at the hotel new yorker , expenses the company would pay for the rest of tesla 's life . <SEP> for how long ?
in 2013 , the peabody awards honoured doctor who with an institutional peabody " for evolving with technology and the times like nothing else in the known television universe . " <SEP> what year ?
the teacher also needs to be enthusiastic about the subject matter they are teaching . <SEP> what ?
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions . <SEP> what ?
the eye crossed st. augustine with winds that had just barely diminished to 110 mph ( 180 km/h ) , making it a strong category 2 on the saffir-simpson scale . <SEP> how fast ?
kublai expanded the grand canal from southern china to daidu in the north . <SEP> where ?
subject committees are established at the beginning of each parliamentary session , and again the members on each committee reflect the balance of parties across parliament . <SEP> when ?
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount . <SEP> what company ?
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population . <SEP> what ?
pushing against an object on a frictional surface can result in a situation where the object does not move because the applied force is opposed by static friction , generated between the object and the table surface . <SEP> what ?
effects of inequality researchers have found include higher rates of health and social problems , and lower rates of social goods , a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted on high-end consumption , and even a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption . <SEP> what ?
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne . <SEP> when ?
the national art library ( also called word and image department ) at the victoria and albert museum collection catalog used to be kept in different formats including printed exhibit catalogs , and card catalogs . <SEP> by what other name ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> what injury ?
mercury is the working fluid in the mercury vapor turbine . <SEP> what working fluid ?
these baptized members become professing members through confirmation and sometimes the profession of faith . <SEP> how ?
the third invasion was stopped with the improbable french victory in the battle of carillon , in which 3,600 frenchmen famously and decisively defeated abercrombie 's force of 18,000 regulars , militia and native american allies outside the fort the french called carillon and the british called ticonderoga . <SEP> how many ?
the serials the deadly assassin and mawdryn undead and the 1996 tv film would later establish that a time lord can only regenerate 12 times , for a total of 13 incarnations . <SEP> how many incarnations ?
the logo is displayed on-air , online and in print advertising in four variants shading the respective color used with the circle design 's native black coloring : a gold version is primarily used on entertainment-oriented outlets ( such as abc.com , watch abc , and by abc studios ) and the on-screen bug ; steel blue and dark grey versions are used primarily by abc news ; a red version is used for espn on abc , while all four variants are used selectively in advertising and by affiliates . <SEP> what network ?
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) . <SEP> what ?
short clips from every story with the exception of marco polo , " mission to the unknown " and the massacre of st bartholomew 's eve also exist . <SEP> what ?
the program passed into history by 1910 . <SEP> in what year ?
bypassing the nasa hierarchy , he sent a series of memos and reports on the issue to associate administrator robert seamans ; while acknowledging that he spoke " somewhat as a voice in the wilderness , " houbolt pleaded that lor should not be discounted in studies of the question . <SEP> who ?
finding oil and developing new fields usually required five to ten years before significant production . <SEP> how long ?
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock . <SEP> how much time ?
barred by the government from settling in new france , huguenots led by jessé de forest , sailed to north america in 1624 and settled instead in the dutch colony of new netherland ( later incorporated into new york and new jersey ) ; as well as great britain 's colonies , including nova scotia . <SEP> who ?
when guglielmo marconi made his famous first-ever transatlantic radio transmission in 1901 , tesla quipped that it was done with 17 tesla patents , though there is little to support this claim . <SEP> when ?
at that time , the nbc red network was the principal radio network in the united states and , according to the fcc , rca was using nbc blue to eliminate any hint of competition . <SEP> what radio network ?
the grainger market itself , was opened in 1835 and was newcastle 's first indoor market . <SEP> when ?
breathing pure o 2 in space applications , such as in some modern space suits , or in early spacecraft such as apollo , causes no damage due to the low total pressures used . <SEP> why ?
in 1900 , the los angeles times defined southern california as including " the seven counties of los angeles , san bernardino , orange , riverside , san diego , ventura and santa barbara . " <SEP> which newspaper ?
such engines use either three or four expansion stages and are known as triple and quadruple expansion engines respectively . <SEP> what ?
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " . <SEP> what public entity of learning ?
in total there are 352 votes , but for most acts there must be a qualified majority vote , if not consensus . <SEP> what ?
professional skateboarder tony hawk , professional surfers rob machado , tim curran , bobby martinez , pat o'connell , dane reynolds , and chris ward , and professional snowboarder shaun white live in southern california . <SEP> what ?
a bridge was built across the tyne , between newcastle and gateshead , and opened by queen elizabeth ii in 1981. the network is operated by db regio on behalf of nexus and carries over 37 million passengers a year , extending as far as newcastle airport , tynemouth , south shields and south hylton in sunderland . <SEP> what ?
during the same year , investor david g. booth donated $ 300 million to the university 's booth school of business , which is the largest gift in the university 's history and the largest gift ever to any business school . <SEP> who ?
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) . <SEP> where ?
scientists have attempted to observe chloroplast replication via electron microscopy since the 1970s . <SEP> how ?
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water . <SEP> what life process ?
in ireland , private schools ( irish : scoil phríobháideach ) are unusual because a certain number of teacher 's salaries are paid by the state . <SEP> how ?
the 1983 20th anniversary special the five doctors had its début on 23 november ( the actual date of the anniversary ) on a number of pbs stations two days prior to its bbc one broadcast . <SEP> when ?
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized . <SEP> what ?
together in april 1887 they formed the tesla electric company with an agreement that profits from generated patents would go ⅓ to tesla , ⅓ to peck and brown , and ⅓ to fund development . <SEP> when ?
the pseudo-sciences of social darwinism and theories of race formed an ideological underpinning during this time . <SEP> what kinds of sciences ?
despite this and another noticeable ratings decline , abc would manage to outrate nbc for third place by a larger margin than the previous year . <SEP> what network ?
he considered the jews blasphemers and liars because they rejected the divinity of jesus , whereas christians believed jesus was the messiah . <SEP> what ?
an online petition of over 5,100 names on the parliamentary website led to chris smith asking parliament about the future of the collection . <SEP> approximately how many names ?
in november 1960 , john f. kennedy was elected president after a campaign that promised american superiority over the soviet union in the fields of space exploration and missile defense . <SEP> who ?
a vote clerk sits in front of the presiding officer and operates the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks . <SEP> who ?
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california . <SEP> what day ?
spreading throughout the mediterranean and europe , the black death is estimated to have killed 30–60 % of europe 's total population . <SEP> how much of the european population ?
highly combustible materials that leave little residue , such as wood or coal , were thought to be made mostly of phlogiston ; whereas non-combustible substances that corrode , such as iron , contained very little . <SEP> what type of combustible materials ?
citizenship of the eu has increasingly been seen as a " fundamental " status of member state nationals by the court of justice , and has accordingly increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move . <SEP> what ?
this stage comprises two parts : consideration of amendments to the bill as a general debate , and a final vote on the bill . <SEP> how many parts ?
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates . <SEP> what comedian ?
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view . <SEP> to which year ?
as an incentive for absolute obedience and following his rule of law , the yassa code , temüjin promised civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils . <SEP> what ?
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across . <SEP> what ?
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions . <SEP> which country today ?
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow . <SEP> what mechanism ?
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties . <SEP> that students ?
knls is the body mandated to establish , equip , manage and maintain national and public libraries in the country . <SEP> what ?
the first huguenot to arrive at the cape of good hope was however maria de la queillerie , wife of commander jan van riebeeck ( and daughter of a walloon church minister ) , who arrived on 6 april 1652 to establish a settlement at what is today cape town . <SEP> what modern city ?
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example . <SEP> what ?
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game . <SEP> what injury ?
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe . <SEP> who ?
kenya 's installed capacity stood at 1,142 megawatts between 2001 and 2003. the state-owned kenya electricity generating company ( kengen ) , established in 1997 under the name of kenya power company , handles the generation of electricity , while kenya power handles the electricity transmission and distribution system in the country . <SEP> when ?
the second division under jebe marched secretly to the southeast part of khwarzemia to form , with the first division , a pincer attack on samarkand . <SEP> where ?
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish . <SEP> what ctenophore ?
under the suggestion of subutai , the mongol army was split into two forces . <SEP> whose plan ?
the problems with north american were severe enough in late 1965 to cause manned space flight administrator george mueller to appoint program director samuel phillips to head a " tiger team " to investigate north american 's problems and identify corrections . <SEP> who ?
in the case of spacesuits , the o 2 partial pressure in the breathing gas is , in general , about 30 kpa ( 1.4 times normal ) , and the resulting o 2 partial pressure in the astronaut 's arterial blood is only marginally more than normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure ( for more information on this , see space suit and arterial blood gas ) . <SEP> what ?
the negotiations were successfully concluded on 17 february 1546. after 8 a.m. , he experienced chest pains . <SEP> when ?
these façades surround four levels of galleries . <SEP> how many levels of galleries ?
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain . <SEP> what ?
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season . <SEP> the name of the nfl championship game ?
they help transfer and dissipate excess energy , and their bright colors sometimes override the chlorophyll green , like during the fall , when the leaves of some land plants change color . <SEP> why ?
an 1882 map drawn by joseph thompsons , a scottish geologist and naturalist , indicated mt . <SEP> who ?
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012. kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip . <SEP> how much ?
packet switching contrasts with another principal networking paradigm , circuit switching , a method which pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session , each having a constant bit rate and latency between nodes . <SEP> how ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> which carolina panthers wide receiver ?
although lacking historical connections to the middle east , japan was the country most dependent on arab oil . <SEP> which country ?
after a general debate on the final form of the bill , members proceed to vote at decision time on whether they agree to the general principles of the final bill . <SEP> when ?
since deterministic turing machines are special non-deterministic turing machines , it is easily observed that each problem in p is also member of the class np . <SEP> in what theoretical machine ?
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 . <SEP> how many ?
starting in 1313 the traditional imperial examinations were reintroduced for prospective officials , testing their knowledge on significant historical works . <SEP> when ?
at 25 °c and 1 standard atmosphere ( 101.3 kpa ) of air , freshwater contains about 6.04 milliliters ( ml ) of oxygen per liter , whereas seawater contains about 4.95 ml per liter . <SEP> how much oxygen ?
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism . <SEP> where what kind ?
by the early 20th century , einstein developed a theory of relativity that correctly predicted the action of forces on objects with increasing momenta near the speed of light , and also provided insight into the forces produced by gravitation and inertia . <SEP> who ?
she gave birth to a son , jochi ( 1185–1226 ) , nine months later , clouding the issue of his parentage . <SEP> what ?
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal " sea gooseberry , " pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round . <SEP> what ?
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines . <SEP> what types of health outcomes ?
all schools in south africa ( including both independent schools and public schools ) have the right to set compulsory school fees , and formerly model c schools tend to set much higher school fees than other public schools . <SEP> how ?
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season . <SEP> what year ?
after the successful siege of antioch in 1097 , bohemond began carving out an independent principality around that city . <SEP> when ?
the mechanism for chloroplast dna ( cpdna ) replication has not been conclusively determined , but two main models have been proposed . <SEP> how many major chloroplast replication models ?
nintendo and the pokémon company also made their super bowl debut , promoting the 20th anniversary of the pokémon video game and media franchise . <SEP> what anniversary of the pokémon franchise ?
" the islamic state " , formerly known as the " islamic state of iraq and the levant " and before that as the " islamic state of iraq " , ( and called the acronym daesh by its many detractors ) , is a wahhabi/salafi jihadist extremist militant group which is led by and mainly composed of sunni arabs from iraq and syria . <SEP> what type of group ?
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere . <SEP> what ?
in contrast to many other parliamentary systems , parliament elects a first minister from a number of candidates at the beginning of each parliamentary term ( after a general election ) . <SEP> who ?
the lower rhine flows through north rhine-westphalia . <SEP> what part of the rhine ?
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy . <SEP> who ?
fraud is a problem in many fields , but is notoriously prevalent in the construction field . <SEP> what financial issue ?
[ citation needed ] since ireland refused to consent to changes in the treaty of lisbon 2007 , there remains one commissioner for each of the 28 member states , including the president and the high representative for foreign and security policy ( currently federica mogherini ) . <SEP> which country ?
professional athletes , especially in american football , also sometimes go off field between plays to wear oxygen masks in order to get a " boost " in performance . <SEP> what ?
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin . <SEP> what ?
kenya ranks low on transparency international 's corruption perception index ( cpi ) , a metric which attempts to gauge the prevalence of public sector corruption in various countries . <SEP> what ?
during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict , the iranian government enjoyed something of a resurgence in popularity amongst the predominantly sunni " arab street , " due to its support for hezbollah and to president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's vehement opposition to the united states and his call that israel shall vanish . <SEP> who ?
in the local alemannic dialect , the singular is pronounced " isel " and this is also the local pronunciation of esel ( " donkey " ) . <SEP> what ?
early colour videotape recordings made off-air by fans have also been retrieved , as well as excerpts filmed from the television screen onto 8 mm cine film and clips that were shown on other programmes . <SEP> who ?
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats . <SEP> what newcastle road ?
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of 874.3 square miles ( 2,264 km2 ) , making jacksonville the largest city in land area in the contiguous united states ; of this , 86.66 % ( 757.7 sq mi or 1,962 km2 ) is land and ; 13.34 % ( 116.7 sq mi or 302 km2 ) is water . <SEP> how much of jacksonville ?
at the time of its formation , the umc had about 11 million members in nearly 42,000 congregations . <SEP> how many congregations ?
they predict that under a " business as usual " ( bau ) scenario , global mean temperature will increase by about 0.3 °c per decade during the [ 21st ] century . <SEP> what ?
he said that there was no danger that his invention could be stolen , for he had at no time committed any part of it to paper ; the blueprint for the teleforce weapon was all in his mind . <SEP> where ?
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> what ?
the chinese-style elements of the bureaucracy mainly came from the native tang , song , as well as khitan liao and jurchen jin dynasties . <SEP> what ?
the point of this inquiry was to build a premise that would allow for u.s authorship of a 'new world ' which was to be characterized by geographical order . <SEP> what ?
the museum of independence preserves patriotic and political objects connected with poland 's struggles for independence . <SEP> where in warsaw ?
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 . <SEP> how much ?
he said , " i lost touch with christ the savior and comforter , and made of him the jailer and hangman of my poor soul . " <SEP> what ?
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports . <SEP> what role ?
luther states that everything that is used to work sorrow over sin is called the law , even if it is christ 's life , christ 's death for sin , or god 's goodness experienced in creation . <SEP> what ?
the earlier they surrendered to the mongols , the higher they were placed , the more the held out , the lower they were ranked . <SEP> why ?
the far eastern collections include more than 70,000 works of art from the countries of east asia : china , japan and korea . <SEP> approximately how many works of art ?
while constitutional law concerns the european union 's governance structure , administrative law binds eu institutions and member states to follow the law . <SEP> which type of law ?
a rudimentary steam turbine device was described by taqi al-din in 1551 and by giovanni branca in 1629. jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont received patents in 1606 for fifty steam powered inventions , including a water pump for draining inundated mines . <SEP> in what year ?
this work , which included linking producers to wholesalers , helped to increase local producer prices by 20–25 % in nairobi and mombasa . <SEP> how ?
the v & a theatre & performance galleries , formerly the theatre museum , opened in march 2009. the collections are stored by the v & a , and are available for research , exhibitions and other shows . <SEP> what ?
when sky digital was launched in 1998 the new service used the astra 2a satellite which was located at the 28.5°e orbital position , unlike the analogue service which was broadcast from 19.2°e . <SEP> what satellite ?
the european commission has the initiative to propose legislation . <SEP> who ?
throughout the history of education the most common form of school discipline was corporal punishment . <SEP> how common of a type ?
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health . <SEP> where ?
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york . <SEP> how old ?
salvation originates with the father and draws the believer to the father . <SEP> where ?
a series of religious conflicts followed , known as the wars of religion , fought intermittently from 1562 to 1598. the wars finally ended with the granting of the edict of nantes , which granted the huguenots substantial religious , political and military autonomy . <SEP> when ?
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012. kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip . <SEP> what ?
committees comprise a small number of msps , with membership reflecting the balance of parties across parliament . <SEP> who ?
commissioners have sometimes been found to have abused their offices , particularly since the santer commission was censured by parliament in 1999 , and it eventually resigned due to corruption allegations . <SEP> when ?
it was not until robert koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a nobel prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease . <SEP> what ?
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland . <SEP> during which time period ?
convening the parliamentary bureau , which allocates time and sets the work agenda in the chamber , is another of the roles of the presiding officer . <SEP> who ?
möngke khan commenced a military campaign against the chinese song dynasty in southern china . <SEP> where ?
warfare and the long occupation left the city disrupted after the war . <SEP> what factors ?
this parish continues today as l'eglise du saint-esprit , part of the episcopal ( anglican ) communion , and welcomes francophone new yorkers from all over the world . <SEP> by what name ?
some scholars have asserted that luther taught that faith and reason were antithetical in the sense that questions of faith could not be illuminated by reason . <SEP> what ?
this involves publishing default emission factors , which are factors used to derive emissions estimates based on the levels of fuel consumption , industrial production and so on . <SEP> what ?
bus services in newcastle upon tyne and the surrounding boroughs part of the tyne and wear area are coordinated by nexus , the tyne and wear passenger transport executive . <SEP> what ?
the us abandoned the gold exchange standard whereby the value of the dollar had been pegged to the price of gold and all other currencies were pegged to the dollar , whose value was left to " float " ( rise and fall according to market demand ) . <SEP> what ?
according to the uk government 's returned 2001 census information , the city of newcastle had a population of 189,863 , whereas the metropolitan borough of newcastle had a population of around 259,000. newcastle has a population of 282,442 according to the office for national statistics . <SEP> which borough of newcastle ?
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown . <SEP> how many times ?
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill . <SEP> which british sculptor whose work ?
among the cities that line the kenyan coast is the city of malindi . <SEP> what ?
tension forces can be modeled using ideal strings that are massless , frictionless , unbreakable , and unstretchable . <SEP> what ?
he encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration , nonviolent civil disobedience , and violent civil disobedience . <SEP> what type of civil disobedience ?
the study also found that there were two previously unknown but related clades ( genetic branches ) of the y. pestis genome associated with medieval mass graves . <SEP> what ?
in the mid-18th century christian goldbach listed 1 as the first prime in his famous correspondence with leonhard euler -- who did not agree . <SEP> who ?
after debates , it was passed by parliament , the coalition would hold until the end of the current parliament or if either of the parties withdraws from the deal before then . <SEP> how long ?
abc news provides news and features content for select radio stations owned by citadel broadcasting , which purchased the abc radio properties in 2007 . <SEP> by what company ?
individuals may rely on primary law in the court of justice of the european union if the treaty provisions have a direct effect and they are sufficiently clear , precise and unconditional . <SEP> under what instances ?
a study by the american association of university women reported that 9.6 % of students in the united states claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education ; be they a volunteer , bus driver , teacher , administrator or other adult ; sometime during their educational career . <SEP> what ?
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality . <SEP> what types of programs ?
elders are called by god , affirmed by the church , and ordained by a bishop to a ministry of word , sacrament , order and service within the church . <SEP> who ?
on 15 june 1520 , the pope warned luther with the papal bull ( edict ) exsurge domine that he risked excommunication unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings , including the 95 theses , within 60 days . <SEP> what ?
the graph isomorphism problem is the computational problem of determining whether two finite graphs are isomorphic . <SEP> what ?
reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation . <SEP> along with electric motors , what type of engines ?
prominent examination boards that are present in multiple states are the cbse and the cisce , nenbse <SEP> what ?
this was the first fumble return touchdown in a super bowl since super bowl xxviii at the end of the 1993 season . <SEP> what year ?
los angeles ( at 3.7 million people ) and san diego ( at 1.3 million people ) , both in southern california , are the two largest cities in all of california ( and two of the eight largest cities in the united states ) . <SEP> what ?
the doctor has gained numerous reoccurring enemies during his travels , including the daleks , the cybermen , and the master , another renegade time lord . <SEP> what enemy of doctor ?
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey . <SEP> what egyptologist ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> in what year ?
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway . <SEP> on what railroad ?
a study published in nature in october 2011 sequenced the genome of y. pestis from plague victims and indicated that the strain that caused the black death is ancestral to most modern strains of the disease . <SEP> when ?
additionally , steeper tax progressivity applied to social spending can result in a more equal distribution of income across the board . <SEP> what ?
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer . <SEP> who ?
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei . <SEP> what ?
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " . <SEP> who ?
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility . <SEP> what society ?
the names of at least six daughters are known , and while they played significant roles behind the scenes during his lifetime , no documents have survived that definitively provide the number or names of daughters born to the consorts of genghis khan . <SEP> how many names of ghengis khan 's daughters ?
according to the second law of thermodynamics , nonconservative forces necessarily result in energy transformations within closed systems from ordered to more random conditions as entropy increases . <SEP> what ?
its substance was very similar to the proposed constitutional treaty , but it was formally an amending treaty , and – though it significantly altered the existing treaties – it did not completely replace them . <SEP> what type of treaty ?
tesla may have inadvertently captured an x-ray image—predating , by a few weeks , wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 announcement of the discovery of x-rays—when he tried to photograph mark twain illuminated by a geissler tube , an earlier type of gas discharge tube . <SEP> who ?
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> why ?
the saturn ib was an upgraded version of the saturn i. the s-ib first stage increased the thrust to 1,600,000 pounds-force ( 7,120 kn ) , and the second stage replaced the s-iv with the s-ivb-200 , powered by a single j-2 engine burning liquid hydrogen fuel with lox , to produce 200,000 lbf ( 890 kn ) of thrust . <SEP> how much ?
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 . <SEP> how long ?
due to an fcc ban on same-market ownership of television and radio stations by a single company ( although the deal would have otherwise complied with new ownership rules implemented by the fcc in january 1985 , that allowed broadcasters to own a maximum of 12 television stations ) , abc and capital cities respectively decided to sell wxyz-tv and tampa independent station wfts-tv to the e. w. scripps company ( although capital cities/abc originally intended to seek a cross-ownership waiver to retain wxyz and capital cities-owned radio stations wjr and whyt ) . <SEP> of how many stations ?
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union . <SEP> what ?
he received his master 's degree in 1505 . <SEP> in what year ?
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area . <SEP> how many ?
within the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts , commensal flora serve as biological barriers by competing with pathogenic bacteria for food and space and , in some cases , by changing the conditions in their environment , such as ph or available iron . <SEP> what ?
in 1523 , luther advised kindness toward the jews in that jesus christ was born a jew and also aimed to convert them to christianity . <SEP> what ?
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury . <SEP> who ?
like other 'unconventional ' t cell subsets bearing invariant tcrs , such as cd1d-restricted natural killer t cells , γδ t cells straddle the border between innate and adaptive immunity . <SEP> what type of t cells ?
the last glacial ran from ~74,000 ( bp = before present ) , until the end of the pleistocene ( ~11,600 bp ) . <SEP> when ?
europe 's expansion into territorial imperialism was largely focused on economic growth by collecting resources from colonies , in combination with assuming political control by military and political means . <SEP> on what ?
hollywood , a district within los angeles , is also a name associated with the motion picture industry . <SEP> what ?
a conservative force that acts on a closed system has an associated mechanical work that allows energy to convert only between kinetic or potential forms . <SEP> what ?
the better jacksonville plan , promoted as a blueprint for jacksonville 's future and approved by jacksonville voters in 2000 , authorized a half-penny sales tax . <SEP> how ?
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages . <SEP> how ?
but many ht members have gone on to join terrorist groups and many jihadi terrorists have cited ht as their key influence . <SEP> what ?
the emerging field of bioinformatics-based studies of immunogenicity is referred to as immunoinformatics . <SEP> what ?
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars . <SEP> what ?
the economy of victoria is highly diversified : service sectors including financial and property services , health , education , wholesale , retail , hospitality and manufacturing constitute the majority of employment . <SEP> what kind of economy ?
in actuality , warsz was a 12th/13th-century nobleman who owned a village located at the modern-day site of mariensztat neighbourhood . <SEP> what ?
colonel monckton , in the sole british success that year , captured fort beauséjour in june 1755 , cutting the french fortress at louisbourg off from land-based reinforcements . <SEP> who ?
a new arrangement of the theme , once again by gold , was introduced in the 2007 christmas special episode , " voyage of the damned " ; gold returned as composer for the 2010 series . <SEP> what ?
the rhine is the longest river in germany . <SEP> which country ?
for example , dalton assumed that water 's formula was ho , giving the atomic mass of oxygen as 8 times that of hydrogen , instead of the modern value of about 16. in 1805 , joseph louis gay-lussac and alexander von humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen ; and by 1811 amedeo avogadro had arrived at the correct interpretation of water 's composition , based on what is now called avogadro 's law and the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules . <SEP> what element ?
during this hold , an electrical fire began in the cabin , and spread quickly in the high pressure , 100 % oxygen atmosphere . <SEP> what type of atmosphere ?
under the scotland act 1998 , ordinary general elections for the scottish parliament are held on the first thursday in may every four years ( 1999 , 2003 , 2007 and so on ) . <SEP> what ?
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching . <SEP> what ?
his main interest was centered on the prophecy of the little horn in daniel 8:9–12 , 23–25 . <SEP> at this time where ?
in case of european union law which should have been transposed into the laws of member states , such as directives , the european commission can take proceedings against the member state under the treaty on the functioning of the european union . <SEP> under what treaty ?
these stretched rocks can also pinch into lenses , known as boudins , after the french word for " sausage " , because of their visual similarity . <SEP> that ?
on august 29 , 1994 , abc purchased flint , michigan affiliate wjrt-tv and wtvg in toledo , ohio ( which was previously affiliated with abc from 1958 to 1970 ) from sjl broadcast management , with the latter switching to abc once its contract with nbc expired two months after the purchase was finalized in early 1995. both stations were acquired as a contingency plan in the event that cbs reached an affiliation deal with wxyz-tv ( to replace wjbk , which switched to fox as a result of that network 's group affiliation agreement with new world communications ) in order to allow the network to retain some over-the-air presence in the detroit market ( the e.w . <SEP> what ?
students at the university of chicago run over 400 clubs and organizations known as recognized student organizations ( rsos ) . <SEP> how many clubs ?
as a result of the russo-japanese war in 1905 , japan took part of sakhalin island from russia . <SEP> what ?
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776. britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820. by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world . <SEP> when ?
the decision was not announced publicly until successful completion of apollo 7. gemini veterans frank borman and james lovell , and rookie william anders captured the world 's attention by making 10 lunar orbits in 20 hours , transmitting television pictures of the lunar surface on christmas eve , and returning safely to earth . <SEP> on what day ?
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class . <SEP> what ?
days later , still in 1851 gold was discovered near ballarat , and subsequently at bendigo . <SEP> when ?
manning and newton had quarterback passer ratings of 56.6 and 55.4 , respectively , and their added total of 112 is a record lowest aggregate passer rating for a super bowl . <SEP> who ?
the executive summary of the wg i summary for policymakers report says they are certain that emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases , resulting on average in an additional warming of the earth 's surface . <SEP> what ?
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac . <SEP> why ?
he was then ordered by william pitt , the secretary of state responsible for the colonies , to attack louisbourg first . <SEP> who ?
in between , they have the 10 o'clock tea ( chai ya saa nne ) and 4 pm tea ( chai ya saa kumi ) . <SEP> what time ?
although kenya is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa , and has an affluent urban minority , it has a human development index ( hdi ) of 0.519 , ranked 145 out of 186 in the world . <SEP> what ?
euglenophyte chloroplasts have three membranes—it is thought that the membrane of the primary endosymbiont was lost , leaving the cyanobacterial membranes , and the secondary host 's phagosomal membrane . <SEP> which membrane ?
the bubonic plague mechanism was also dependent on two populations of rodents : one resistant to the disease , which act as hosts , keeping the disease endemic , and a second that lack resistance . <SEP> what ?
other major causes of fatalities in the construction industry include electrocution , transportation accidents , and trench cave-ins . <SEP> what ?
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period . <SEP> which period ?
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices . <SEP> what modern math concept ?
hollywood , a district within los angeles , is also a name associated with the motion picture industry . <SEP> which city ?
in july 1977 , general zia-ul-haq overthrew prime minister zulfiqar ali bhutto 's regime in pakistan . <SEP> when ?
royal assent : after the bill has been passed , the presiding officer submits it to the monarch for royal assent and it becomes an act of the scottish parliament . <SEP> who ?
in the 9th , it formed part of the border between middle and western francia , but in the 10th century , it was fully within the holy roman empire , flowing through swabia , franconia and lower lorraine . <SEP> when ?
it is conjectured that there are infinitely many twin primes , pairs of primes with difference 2 ( twin prime conjecture ) . <SEP> what ?
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night . <SEP> what day of the week ?
until the oil shock , the price had also remained fairly stable versus other currencies and commodities . <SEP> when ?
in addition to the polish majority , there was a significant jewish minority in warsaw . <SEP> what ?
kublai 's government after 1262 was a compromise between preserving mongol interests in china and satisfying the demands of his chinese subjects . <SEP> what ?
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries . <SEP> in which galleries ?
local pastors are not required to have advanced degrees but are required to attend licensing school and attend and pass an approved five-year course of study at an approved united methodist seminary or course of study school , successfully complete written and oral examinations , and appear before the district committee on ministry and the conference board of ordained ministry . <SEP> how many years ?
the scottish parliament has the power to pass laws and has limited tax-varying capability . <SEP> who ?
in recent years the characteristic that has strongly correlated with health in developed countries is income inequality . <SEP> what characteristic in recent years ?
immediately after decision time a " members debate " is held , which lasts for 45 minutes . <SEP> how long ?
like alice in wonderland , he often finds that specific terminology has no more ( or no less ) meaning than the individual orator intends it to have . " <SEP> what ?
however , inalchuq , the governor of the khwarezmian city of otrar , attacked the caravan that came from mongolia , claiming that the caravan contained spies and therefore was a conspiracy against khwarezmia . <SEP> who ?
as northwest europe slowly began to warm up from 22,000 years ago onward , frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers began to thaw and fall-winter snow covers melted in spring . <SEP> what ?
first , during the early slow-wave-sleep stage , a sudden drop in blood levels of cortisol , epinephrine , and norepinephrine induce increased blood levels of the hormones leptin , pituitary growth hormone , and prolactin . <SEP> of what hormones ?
there are also several lakes in warsaw – mainly the oxbow lakes , like czerniaków lake , the lakes in the łazienki or wilanów parks , kamionek lake . <SEP> how many lakes ?
edward the confessor had set up the aforementioned ralph as earl of hereford and charged him with defending the marches and warring with the welsh . <SEP> who ?
another example of the richness of the zeta function and a glimpse of modern algebraic number theory is the following identity ( basel problem ) , due to euler , <SEP> of what mathematical nature ?
the investigation of the pathogen that caused the 19th-century plague was begun by teams of scientists who visited hong kong in 1894 , among whom was the french-swiss bacteriologist alexandre yersin , after whom the pathogen was named yersinia pestis . <SEP> who ?
the doctor 's first companions seen on screen were his granddaughter susan foreman ( carole ann ford ) and her teachers barbara wright ( jacqueline hill ) and ian chesterton ( william russell ) . <SEP> what ?
as a result , primary school enrolment increased by about 70 % . <SEP> how much ?
another green space in newcastle is the town moor , lying immediately north of the city centre . <SEP> what ?
the huguenots adapted quickly and often married outside their immediate french communities , which led to their assimilation . <SEP> how ?
oxygen is toxic to obligately anaerobic organisms , which were the dominant form of early life on earth until o 2 began to accumulate in the atmosphere about 2.5 billion years ago during the great oxygenation event , about a billion years after the first appearance of these organisms . <SEP> when ?
johnson responded approximately one week later , concluding that " we are neither making maximum effort nor achieving results necessary if this country is to reach a position of leadership . " <SEP> what ?
british prime minister edward heath was so worried by this prospect that he ordered a british intelligence estimate of u.s. intentions , which concluded america " might consider it could not tolerate a situation in which the u.s. and its allies were at the mercy of a small group of unreasonable countries , " and that they would prefer a rapid operation to seize oilfields in saudi arabia and kuwait , and possibly abu dhabi in military action was decided upon . <SEP> which country ?
the revocation forbade protestant services , required education of children as catholics , and prohibited emigration . <SEP> how ?
abc 's western series ( as well as series such as the actioner zorro ) went up against and defeated the variety shows aired by nbc and cbs in the fall of 1957 , and its detective shows did the same in the fall of 1959. to captivate the network 's audiences , short 66-minute series were scheduled a half-hour before their hour-long competition . <SEP> what ?
the colorado experiments had prepared tesla for the establishment of the trans-atlantic wireless telecommunications facility known as wardenclyffe near shoreham , long island . <SEP> where ?
engineering news-record ( enr ) is a trade magazine for the construction industry . <SEP> what ?
this caused increased flooding and sedimentation , ending peat formation in the delta . <SEP> what ?
ranked positions in the pre-heian imperial court were established ; and this organizational structure remained largely intact until the meiji restoration ( 1868 ) . <SEP> what ?
in the early 18th century , a regional group known as the camisards who were huguenots rioted against the catholic church in the region , burning churches and killing clergy . <SEP> what ?
hillerbrand writes that there is nevertheless an undercurrent of challenge in several of the theses , particularly in thesis 86 , which asks : " why does the pope , whose wealth today is greater than the wealth of the richest crassus , build the basilica of st. peter with the money of poor believers rather than with his own money ? " <SEP> which thesis questions ?
the distinct cultural and ethnic identity of the normans emerged initially in the first half of the 10th century , and it continued to evolve over the succeeding centuries . <SEP> what century ?
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world . <SEP> which continents ?
some normans joined turkish forces to aid in the destruction of the armenians vassal-states of sassoun and taron in far eastern anatolia . <SEP> who ?
the two official languages , english and swahili , are used in varying degrees of fluency for communication with other populations . <SEP> what ?
although there was some racism directed at them , there was not the level of anti-chinese violence that was seen at the lambing flat riots in new south wales . <SEP> where ?
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements . <SEP> what ?
in ancient greece , diocles of carystus ( 4th century bc ) was one of several men studying the medicinal properties of plants . <SEP> who ?
a particularly simple example of a probabilistic test is the fermat primality test , which relies on the fact ( fermat 's little theorem ) that np≡n ( mod p ) for any n if p is a prime number . <SEP> what ?
the sky q silver set top box is capable of receiving and displaying uhd broadcasts , which sky will introduce later in 2016 . <SEP> when ?
many of southern california 's most developed cities lie along or in close proximity to the coast , with the exception of san bernardino and riverside . <SEP> which other developed southern californian city ?
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " . <SEP> what term ?
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions . <SEP> what ?
the letters are strongly reminiscent of the bauhaus typeface designed by herbert bayer in the 1920s , but also share similarities with several other fonts , such as itc avant garde and horatio , and most closely resembling chalet . <SEP> what typeface ?
warsaw was occupied by germany from 4 august 1915 until november 1918. the allied armistice terms required in article 12 that germany withdraw from areas controlled by russia in 1914 , which included warsaw . <SEP> what ?
some civil disobedients feel it is incumbent upon them to accept punishment because of their belief in the validity of the social contract , which is held to bind all to obey the laws that a government meeting certain standards of legitimacy has established , or else suffer the penalties set out in the law . <SEP> why ?
it was taken through communist-held territory in yan'an some 900 km on carts to safety at a buddhist monastery , the dongshan dafo dian , where it remained for ten years . <SEP> which buddhist monastery ?
harvard was formed in 1636 by vote of the great and general court of the massachusetts bay colony . <SEP> in what year ?
the governments of the united states , britain , germany and france also collectively issued a press statement cautioning about the law 's potential impact . <SEP> who ?
the complexity class np , on the other hand , contains many problems that people would like to solve efficiently , but for which no efficient algorithm is known , such as the boolean satisfiability problem , the hamiltonian path problem and the vertex cover problem . <SEP> what ?
the u.s. government has engaged in efforts to counter islamism , or violent islamism , since 2001. these efforts were centred in the u.s. around public diplomacy programmes conducted by the state department . <SEP> what department in the u.s. ?
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) . <SEP> what year ?
during his time at his lab , tesla observed unusual signals from his receiver which he concluded may be communications from another planet . <SEP> to what ?
not that i am insensible to my flesh or sex ( for i am neither wood nor stone ) ; but my mind is averse to wedlock because i daily expect the death of a heretic . " <SEP> what ?
by 1900 the population had fallen to 1 million and by the early 1980s it was less than 200,000 . <SEP> what ?
the victoria and albert museum ( often abbreviated as the v & a ) , london , is the world 's largest museum of decorative arts and design , housing a permanent collection of over 4.5 million objects . <SEP> how many ?
such exemplary saints include martyrs , confessors of the faith , evangelists , or important biblical figures such as saint matthew , lutheran theologian and martyr to the nazis dietrich bonhoeffer , salvation army founder william booth , african missionary david livingstone and methodism 's revered founder john wesley are among many cited as protestant saints . <SEP> who ?
due to its energy content , o2 is used by complex forms of life , such as animals , in cellular respiration ( see biological role ) . <SEP> for what purpose ?
on 29 february 2008 , representatives of pnu and odm began working on the finer details of the power-sharing agreement . <SEP> when ?
following the treaty , king george iii issued the royal proclamation of 1763 on october 7 , 1763 , which outlined the division and administration of the newly conquered territory , and to some extent continues to govern relations between the government of modern canada and the first nations . <SEP> who ?
to make new legislation , tfeu article 294 defines the " ordinary legislative procedure " that applies for most eu acts . <SEP> which tfeu article ?
in commission v austria the court held that austria was not entitled to restrict places in austrian universities to austrian students to avoid " structural , staffing and financial problems " if ( mainly german ) foreign students applied for places because there was little evidence of an actual problem . <SEP> in which case ?
the area was originally inhabited by the timucua people , and in 1564 was the site of the french colony of fort caroline , one of the earliest european settlements in what is now the continental united states . <SEP> by what people ?
this was a general assembly of the estates of the holy roman empire that took place in worms , a town on the rhine . <SEP> of what ?
years before his death , genghis khan asked to be buried without markings , according to the customs of his tribe . <SEP> what ?
most however have a reversing mechanism which additionally can provide means for saving steam as speed and momentum are gained by gradually " shortening the cutoff " or rather , shortening the admission event ; this in turn proportionately lengthens the expansion period . <SEP> what ?
( while a self-described state , it lacks international recognition . ) <SEP> what ?
in response , king louis xv dispatched six regiments to new france under the command of baron dieskau in 1755. the british , intending to blockade french ports , sent out their fleet in february 1755 , but the french fleet had already sailed . <SEP> how ?
the views of ali shariati , ideologue of the iranian revolution , had resemblance with mohammad iqbal , ideological father of the state of pakistan , but khomeini 's beliefs is perceived to be placed somewhere between beliefs of sunni islamic thinkers like mawdudi and qutb . <SEP> who ?
22 % of gdp still comes from the unreliable agricultural sector which employs 75 % of the labour force ( a consistent characteristic of under-developed economies that have not attained food security – an important catalyst of economic growth ) a small portion of the population relies on food aid . <SEP> what ?
computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty , and relating those classes to each other . <SEP> what branch of theoretical computer science deals ?
the " combs " ( also called " ctenes " or " comb plates " ) run across each row , and each consists of thousands of unusually long cilia , up to 2 millimeters ( 0.079 in ) . <SEP> what ?
most early greeks did not even consider 1 to be a number , so they could not consider it to be a prime . <SEP> what number ?
this " gentlemen 's agreement " between sadat and islamists broke down in 1975 but not before islamists came to completely dominate university student unions . <SEP> when ?
in 1996 , a more conservative and anti-democratic islamist movement known as the taliban rose to power , defeated most of the warlords and took over roughly 80 % of afghanistan . <SEP> how much of afghanistan ?
in practice , equality and democracy are deficient because the elected representatives in the parliament can not initiate legislation against the commission 's wishes , citizens of smallest countries have ten times the voting weight in parliament as citizens of the largest countries , and " qualified majorities " or consensus of the council are required to legislate . <SEP> what ?
some legal requirements come from malum in se considerations , or the desire to prevent things that are indisputably bad – bridge collapses or explosions . <SEP> what ?
the far eastern collections include more than 70,000 works of art from the countries of east asia : china , japan and korea . <SEP> which countries ?
the phylum has a wide range of body forms , including the flattened , deep-sea platyctenids , in which the adults of most species lack combs , and the coastal beroids , which lack tentacles and prey on other ctenophores by using huge mouths armed with groups of large , stiffened cilia that act as teeth . <SEP> what ?
spinach leaves grown under green light have been observed to contain many large dumbbell-shaped chloroplasts . <SEP> what ?
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes . <SEP> when ?
the logo also deviates from the template by featuring large numerals , colored in gold , behind the vince lombardi trophy , instead of underneath and in silver as in the standard logo . <SEP> what color ?
the block ii crew positions were titled commander ( cdr ) command module pilot ( cmp ) and lunar module pilot ( lmp ) . <SEP> what ?
conservation is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections , and covers all the collections held by the v & a and the v & a museum of childhood . <SEP> whose collections ?
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing . <SEP> what ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> who ?
nasa immediately convened an accident review board , overseen by both houses of congress . <SEP> who ?
after his father 's death in 1879 , tesla found a package of letters from his professors to his father , warning that unless he were removed from the school , tesla would be killed through overwork . <SEP> in what year ?
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating . <SEP> what popular environmentalist ?
governor duquesne sent additional french forces under claude-pierre pecaudy de contrecœur to relieve saint-pierre during the same period , and contrecœur led 500 men south from fort venango on april 5 , 1754. when these forces arrived at the fort on april 16 , contrecœur generously allowed trent 's small company to withdraw . <SEP> how many ?
a particularly simple example of a probabilistic test is the fermat primality test , which relies on the fact ( fermat 's little theorem ) that np≡n ( mod p ) for any n if p is a prime number . <SEP> what ?
the antichrist of 2 thessalonians 2 was identified as the power of the papacy . <SEP> what ?
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 . <SEP> who ?
in scotland , anyone wishing to teach must be registered with the general teaching council for scotland ( gtcs ) . <SEP> with whom ?
the river length is significantly shortened from the river 's natural course due to number of canalisation projects completed in the 19th and 20th century . <SEP> why ?
the musical instruments gallery closed 25 february 2010 , a decision which was highly controversial . <SEP> in which year ?
rates of sea-level rise had dropped so far , that natural sedimentation by the rhine and coastal processes together , could compensate the transgression by the sea ; in the last 7000 years , the coast line was roughly at the same location . <SEP> how long ?
the second and third stages burned liquid hydrogen , and the third stage was a modified version of the s-ivb , with thrust increased to 230,000 lbf ( 1,020 kn ) and capability to restart the engine for translunar injection after reaching a parking orbit . <SEP> what ?
for example , at the beginning of each parliamentary year , the first minister delivers a statement to the chamber setting out the government 's legislative programme for the forthcoming year . <SEP> what ?
the region is traditionally described as " eight counties " , based on demographics and economic ties : imperial , los angeles , orange , riverside , san bernardino , san diego , santa barbara , and ventura . <SEP> what ?
the french acquired a copy of the british war plans , including the activities of shirley and johnson . <SEP> whose activities ?
steam engines frequently possess two independent mechanisms for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high ; one may be adjusted by the user , the second is typically designed as an ultimate fail-safe . <SEP> how many mechanisms ?
the university currently enrolls approximately 5,000 students in the college and around 15,000 students overall . <SEP> how many students ?
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> where ?
for example , in sedimentary rocks , it is common for gravel from an older formation to be ripped up and included in a newer layer . <SEP> what ?
in the early years the college trained many puritan ministers . <SEP> what ?
conservative researchers have argued that income inequality is not significant because consumption , rather than income should be the measure of inequality , and inequality of consumption is less extreme than inequality of income in the us . <SEP> what ?
scouts had reported the weakness of the british supply chain , so he ordered an attack against the forts shirley had erected at the oneida carry . <SEP> where ?
he appointed robert of jumièges archbishop of canterbury and made ralph the timid earl of hereford . <SEP> who ?
each packet is labeled with a destination address , source address , and port numbers . it may also be labeled with the sequence number of the packet . <SEP> what ?
the deal brought kibaki 's pnu and odinga 's odm together and heralded the formation of the grand coalition , in which the two political parties would share power equally . <SEP> what ?
newcastle upon tyne ( rp : i/ˌnjuːkɑːsəl əˌpɒn ˈtaɪn/ ; locally : i/njuːˌkæsəl əˌpən ˈtaɪn/ ) , commonly known as newcastle , is a city in tyne and wear , north east england , 103 miles ( 166 km ) south of edinburgh and 277 miles ( 446 km ) north of london on the northern bank of the river tyne , 8.5 mi ( 13.7 km ) from the north sea . <SEP> how many miles south of edinburgh ?
on august 15 , 1971 , the united states unilaterally pulled out of the bretton woods accord . <SEP> when ?
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill . <SEP> what public policy school ?
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game . <SEP> how much money ?
bskyb has design authority over all digital satellite receivers capable of receiving their service . <SEP> who ?
armstrong and aldrin performed the first landing at the sea of tranquility at 20:17:40 utc on july 20 , 1969. they spent a total of 21 hours , 36 minutes on the surface , and spent 2 hours , 31 minutes outside the spacecraft , walking on the surface , taking photographs , collecting material samples , and deploying automated scientific instruments , while continuously sending black-and-white television back to earth . <SEP> what ?
earlier papers studying problems solvable by turing machines with specific bounded resources include john myhill 's definition of linear bounded automata ( myhill 1960 ) , raymond smullyan 's study of rudimentary sets ( 1961 ) , as well as hisao yamada 's paper on real-time computations ( 1962 ) . <SEP> who ?
all but one of the known platyctenid species lack comb-rows . <SEP> what ?
advances were realized in the fields of travel literature , cartography , geography , and scientific education . <SEP> what fields of study ?
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force . <SEP> what ?
the place of pharmacists in society was expressly defined in the taihō code ( 701 ) and re-stated in the yōrō code ( 718 ) . <SEP> in which two codes ?
the city still contains many theatres . <SEP> what ?
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 . <SEP> how many yards ?
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems . <SEP> what paper ?
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku . <SEP> what ?
at the end of 1949 , movie theater operator united paramount theatres ( upt ) was forced by the u.s. supreme court to become an independent entity , separating itself from paramount pictures . <SEP> who ?
the statement was in latin , apart from " we are beggars , " which was in german . <SEP> in what language ?
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii . <SEP> when ?
other components are often present ; pumps ( such as an injector ) to supply water to the boiler during operation , condensers to recirculate the water and recover the latent heat of vaporisation , and superheaters to raise the temperature of the steam above its saturated vapour point , and various mechanisms to increase the draft for fireboxes . <SEP> what ?
paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms to determine what the climate was like millions of years ago ( see oxygen isotope ratio cycle ) . <SEP> what group of scientists ?
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries . <SEP> what ?
his entry into paradise , no less , was a discovery about " the righteousness of god " – a discovery that " the just person " of whom the bible speaks ( as in romans 1:17 ) lives by faith . <SEP> by what ?
victoria is australia 's most densely populated state and its second-most populous state overall . <SEP> how populous ?
after the revocation of the edict of nantes in 1685 , several huguenot families of norman and carolingian nobility and descent , including edmund bohun of suffolk england from the humphrey de bohun line of french royalty descended from charlemagne , jean postell of dieppe france , alexander pepin , antoine poitevin of orsement france , and jacques de bordeaux of grenoble , immigrated to the charleston orange district . <SEP> where in south carolina ?
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose . <SEP> where ?
mission controllers were able to use the service module engine to essentially repeat the flight profile of apollo 4. based on the good performance of apollo 6 and identification of satisfactory fixes to the apollo 6 problems , nasa declared the saturn v ready to fly men , cancelling a third unmanned test . <SEP> what ?
in 1862 , the tesla family moved to gospić , austrian empire , where tesla 's father worked as a pastor . <SEP> where ?
the doctor rarely travels alone and often brings one or more companions to share these adventures . <SEP> how ?
after he died , his body was returned to mongolia and presumably to his birthplace in khentii aimag , where many assume he is buried somewhere close to the onon river and the burkhan khaldun mountain ( part of the kentii mountain range ) . <SEP> what river ?
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls . <SEP> how many different teams to the super bowl ?
the 1973 oil crisis began in october 1973 when the members of the organization of arab petroleum exporting countries ( oapec , consisting of the arab members of opec plus egypt and syria ) proclaimed an oil embargo . <SEP> when ?
for the next three hundred years , scotland was directly governed by the parliament of great britain and the subsequent parliament of the united kingdom , both seated at westminster , and the lack of a parliament of scotland remained an important element in scottish national identity . <SEP> what ?
at the end of this speech , luther raised his arm " in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout . " <SEP> what ?
the first geological map of the u.s. was produced in 1809 by william maclure . <SEP> in what year ?
by contrast to the ecj 's relaxed approach , a committee of independent experts found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had ‘ even the slightest sense of responsibility ’ . <SEP> who ?
one of the finest objects displayed is suzuki chokichi 's bronze incense burner ( koro ) dated 1875 , standing at over 2.25 metres high and 1.25 metres in diameter it is also one of the largest examples made . <SEP> of what ?
they must report and reapply annually ; and they must complete at least one advanced course every three years . <SEP> how often ?
after detecting stress in a cell , which might be due to a pathogen , chloroplasts begin producing molecules like salicylic acid , jasmonic acid , nitric oxide and reactive oxygen species which can serve as defense-signals . <SEP> what molecules ?
this means that for a closed system , the net mechanical energy is conserved whenever a conservative force acts on the system . <SEP> what ?
the first historical reference to warsaw dates back to the year 1313 , at a time when kraków served as the polish capital city . <SEP> when ?
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount . <SEP> what beverage company ?
on 6 november 1915 , a reuters news agency report from london had the 1915 nobel prize in physics awarded to thomas edison and nikola tesla ; however , on 15 november , a reuters story from stockholm stated the prize that year was being awarded to sir william henry bragg and william lawrence bragg " for their services in the analysis of crystal structure by means of x-rays . <SEP> who ?
the v & a holds over 19,000 items from the islamic world , ranging from the early islamic period ( the 7th century ) to the early 20th century . <SEP> approximately how many items from the islamic world ?
the city has a proud history of theatre . <SEP> what ?
the majority may be powerful but it is not necessarily right . <SEP> what ?
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck . <SEP> when ?
although some of constable 's works came to the museum with the sheepshanks bequest , the majority of the artist 's works were donated by his daughter isabel in 1888 , including the large number of sketches in oil , the most significant being the 1821 full size oil sketch for the hay wain . <SEP> of which ?
in 1639 , the college was renamed harvard college after deceased clergyman john harvard , who was an alumnus of the university of cambridge . <SEP> in what year ?
thoreau , at the time of his arrest , was not yet a well-known author , and his arrest was not covered in any newspapers in the days , weeks and months after it happened . <SEP> what ?
daniel burke departed from capital cities/abc in february 1994 , with thomas murphy taking over as president before ceding control to robert iger . <SEP> who ?
the programme has replaced all ticket machines and introduced ticket gates at the busiest stations - part of the transition to smart ticketing . <SEP> what ?
plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place on wednesday afternoons from 2 pm to 6 pm and on thursdays from 9:15 am to 6 pm . <SEP> where ?
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times . <SEP> what disease ?
primarily because rules and regulations are made by the community as a whole , thence the school atmosphere is one of persuasion and negotiation , rather than confrontation since there is no one to confront . <SEP> what ?
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " . <SEP> what year ?
luther came to reject several teachings and practices of the late medieval catholic church . <SEP> what organization 's teaching ?
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great . <SEP> who ?
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage . <SEP> when ?
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population . <SEP> how many inhabitants ?
the competition resulted in edison machine works pursuing ac development in 1890 and by 1892 thomas edison was no longer in control of his own company , which was consolidated into the conglomerate general electric and converting to an ac delivery system at that point . <SEP> who ?
in macroscopic closed systems , nonconservative forces act to change the internal energies of the system , and are often associated with the transfer of heat . <SEP> what changes macroscopic ?
[ citation needed ] in the united states , in order for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid , it must be issued for a legitimate medical purpose by a licensed practitioner acting in the course of legitimate doctor-patient relationship . <SEP> what ?
he was persuaded to sail a shipment of coal to newcastle by merchants plotting to ruin him ; however his shipment arrived on the tyne during a strike that had crippled local production ; unexpectedly he made a considerable profit . <SEP> what ?
daytime programming is also provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays ( with a one-hour break at 12:00 p.m. eastern/pacific for stations to air newscasts , other locally produced programming such as talk shows , or syndicated programs ) featuring the talk/lifestyle shows the view and the chew and the soap opera general hospital . <SEP> what soap opera ?
in 2005 the factory was sold to avtozaz , a ukrainian car manufacturer which assembled there the chevrolet aveo . <SEP> who ?
the victoria and albert museum has a computer system but most of the items in the collection , unless those were newly accessioned into the collection , probably do not show up in the computer system . <SEP> what type of item ?
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . ) <SEP> how much ?
westinghouse convinced tesla to release his company from the licensing agreement over tesla 's ac patents in exchange for westinghouse electric purchasing the patents for a lump sum payment of $ 216,000 ; this provided westinghouse a break from what , due to alternating current 's rapid gain in popularity , had turned out to be an overly generous $ 2.50 per ac horsepower royalty . <SEP> what ?
these engines are mainly used in toys and models , because of their simplicity , but have also been used in full size working engines , mainly on ships where their compactness is valued . <SEP> what ?
other arguments include the lack of accounts of the death of rats before outbreaks of plague between the 14th and 17th centuries ; temperatures that are too cold in northern europe for the survival of fleas ; that , despite primitive transport systems , the spread of the black death was much faster than that of modern bubonic plague ; that mortality rates of the black death appear to be very high ; that , while modern bubonic plague is largely endemic as a rural disease , the black death indiscriminately struck urban and rural areas ; and that the pattern of the black death , with major outbreaks in the same areas separated by 5 to 15 years , differs from modern bubonic plague—which often becomes endemic for decades with annual flare-ups . <SEP> how many years ?
according to legend , genghis khan even went so far as to divert a river through the khwarezmid emperor 's birthplace , erasing it from the map . <SEP> what ?
the enforcement of the ban on the 95 theses fell to the secular authorities . <SEP> what authority ?
the opening was celebrated with a grand dinner attended by 2000 guests , and the laing art gallery has a painting of this event . <SEP> how many guests ?
this and other observations of acquired immunity were later exploited by louis pasteur in his development of vaccination and his proposed germ theory of disease . <SEP> who ?
in this work , one of his most emphatic statements on faith , he argued that every good work designed to attract god 's favor is a sin . <SEP> what ?
following the nice treaty , there was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the european union and make it more transparent ; this would have also produced a single constitutional document . <SEP> what ?
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare . <SEP> what ?
many people in the city have scottish or irish ancestors . <SEP> what ?
new forms include partnering such as public-private partnering ( ppps ) aka private finance initiatives ( pfis ) and alliances such as " pure " or " project " alliances and " impure " or " strategic " alliances . <SEP> what ?
modern scholars refer to the alleged policy of encouraging trade and communication as the pax mongolica ( mongol peace ) . <SEP> what ?
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season . <SEP> who ?
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver . <SEP> who ?
the lobata have a pair of lobes , which are muscular , cuplike extensions of the body that project beyond the mouth . <SEP> what ?
he was made to wake at four every morning for what has been described as " a day of rote learning and often wearying spiritual exercises . " <SEP> how ?
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude . <SEP> which basin ?
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms . <SEP> how many museums ?
today , warsaw has some of the best medical facilities in poland and east-central europe . <SEP> where ?
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 . <SEP> what position ?
frederick william , elector of brandenburg , invited huguenots to settle in his realms , and a number of their descendants rose to positions of prominence in prussia . <SEP> what german ruler ?
on september 3 , 1958 , the disneyland anthology series was retitled walt disney presents as it became disassociated with the theme park of the same name . <SEP> what ?
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape . <SEP> what ?
in typical geological investigations , geologists use primary information related to petrology ( the study of rocks ) , stratigraphy ( the study of sedimentary layers ) , and structural geology ( the study of positions of rock units and their deformation ) . <SEP> what ?
in total there are 352 votes , but for most acts there must be a qualified majority vote , if not consensus . <SEP> how many votes in total ?
in the mid-1950s , frank burnet , inspired by a suggestion made by niels jerne , formulated the clonal selection theory ( cst ) of immunity . <SEP> what other scientist influence frank burnet ?
céloron continued south until his expedition reached the confluence of the ohio and the miami rivers , which lay just south of the village of pickawillany , the home of the miami chief known as " old briton " . <SEP> where ?
duisburg is the home of europe 's largest inland port and functions as a hub to the sea ports of rotterdam , antwerp and amsterdam . <SEP> what city ?
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits . <SEP> how much energy loss ?
in the united states , scholars argue that there already existed a negotiated settlement based on equality between both parties prior to 1973. the possibility that the middle east could become another superpower confrontation with the ussr was of more concern to the us than oil . <SEP> with which other country ?
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area . <SEP> how many ?
the final choice of lunar orbit rendezvous changed the csm 's role to the translunar ferry used to transport the crew , along with a new spacecraft , the lunar excursion module ( lem , later shortened to lunar module , lm ) which would take two men to the lunar surface and return them to the csm . <SEP> how many men ?
only the series from 2009 onwards are available on blu-ray , except for the 1970 story spearhead from space , released in july 2013. many early releases have been re-released as special editions , with more bonus features . <SEP> what doctor ?
during its original run , it was recognised for its imaginative stories , creative low-budget special effects , and pioneering use of electronic music ( originally produced by the bbc radiophonic workshop ) . <SEP> for what type of music ?
they have extensive botanical collection of rare domestic and foreign plants , while a palm house in the new orangery displays plants of subtropics from all over the world . <SEP> where ?
analyses based on comparing yearly equality figures to yearly growth rates were misleading because it takes several years for effects to manifest as changes to economic growth . <SEP> how long ?
in 2001 , 16 national science academies issued a joint statement on climate change . <SEP> when ?
luther sympathised with some of the peasants ' grievances , as he showed in his response to the twelve articles in may 1525 , but he reminded the aggrieved to obey the temporal authorities . <SEP> who ?
japanese imports , primarily the toyota corona , the toyota corolla , the datsun b210 , the datsun 510 , the honda civic , the mitsubishi galant ( a captive import from chrysler sold as the dodge colt ) , the subaru dl , and later the honda accord all had four cylinder engines that were more fuel efficient than the typical american v8 and six cylinder engines . <SEP> which country 's cars ?
the sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental united states and the grand canyon in the southwestern united states contain almost-undeformed stacks of sedimentary rocks that have remained in place since cambrian time . <SEP> what type of rock ?
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study . <SEP> who ?
these buildings are predominantly four stories high , with vertical dormers , domes , turrets and spikes . <SEP> how high ?
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes . <SEP> what ?
most are concentrated in alsace in northeast france and the cévennes mountain region in the south , who still regard themselves as huguenots to this day . <SEP> what northern province in france ?
following the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event , the extinction of the dinosaurs and the wetter climate may have allowed the tropical rainforest to spread out across the continent . <SEP> what ?
greater london has over 900,000 muslims , ( most of south asian origins and concentrated in the east london boroughs of newham , tower hamlets and waltham forest ) , and among them are some with a strong islamist outlook . <SEP> what type of outlook ?
:208 kenneth swezey , a journalist whom tesla had befriended , confirmed that tesla rarely slept . <SEP> what ?
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) . <SEP> in what ?
in 2005 agriculture , including forestry and fishing , accounted for 24 % of gdp , as well as for 18 % of wage employment and 50 % of revenue from exports . <SEP> how much of the gdp ?
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates . <SEP> what minimalist composer ?
on december 12 , washington and his men reached fort le boeuf . <SEP> when ?
the rhine bridge at arnhem , immortalized in the book , a bridge too far and the film , was a central focus of the battle for arnhem , during the failed operation market garden of september 1944. the bridges at nijmegen , over the waal distributary of the rhine , were also an objective of operation market garden . <SEP> where ?
no plans were announced regarding the recognition of harvey martin , co-mvp of super bowl xii , who died in 2001 . <SEP> which mvp honoree ?
kenya has proven deposits of oil in turkana and the commercial viability was just discovered . <SEP> where ?
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times . <SEP> what disease ?
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier . <SEP> what ?
most of the mass of living organisms is oxygen as it is a part of water , the major constituent of lifeforms . <SEP> in what ?
a method to lessen the magnitude of this heating and cooling was invented in 1804 by british engineer arthur woolf , who patented his woolf high-pressure compound engine in 1805. in the compound engine , high-pressure steam from the boiler expands in a high-pressure ( hp ) cylinder and then enters one or more subsequent lower-pressure ( lp ) cylinders . <SEP> what nationality ?
viruses were confirmed as human pathogens in 1901 , with the discovery of the yellow fever virus by walter reed . <SEP> what virus ?
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles . <SEP> when ?
abc also aired the last nine years of the procter & gamble-produced soap the edge of night , following its cancellation by cbs in 1975. abc daytime has also aired a number of game shows , including the dating game , the newlywed game , let 's make a deal , password , split second , the $ 10,000/ $ 20,000 pyramid , family feud , the better sex , trivia trap , all-star blitz and hot streak . <SEP> which proctor and gamble ?
further , interest groups and government agencies more worried about energy were no match for kissinger 's dominance . <SEP> that ?
in 2012-2013 , the core classes at chicago were limited to 17 students , and are generally led by a full-time professor ( as opposed to a teaching assistant ) . <SEP> how many student ?
unlike cydippids , the movements of lobates ' combs are coordinated by nerves rather than by water disturbances created by the cilia , yet combs on the same row beat in the same mexican wave style as the mechanically coordinated comb rows of cydippids and beroids . <SEP> by what ?
competition amongst workers tends to drive down wages due to the expendable nature of the worker in relation to his or her particular job . <SEP> what ?
though john wesley originally wanted the methodists to stay within the church of england , the american revolution decisively separated the methodists in the american colonies from the life and sacraments of the anglican church . <SEP> what ?
in 1926 , tesla commented on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality , and indicated that humanity 's future would be run by " queen bees . " <SEP> when ?
after a chloroplast polypeptide is synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol , an enzyme specific to chloroplast proteins phosphorylates , or adds a phosphate group to many ( but not all ) of them in their transit sequences . <SEP> what ?
william pitt came to power and significantly increased british military resources in the colonies at a time when france was unwilling to risk large convoys to aid the limited forces it had in new france . <SEP> who ?
the clinical pharmacist 's role involves creating a comprehensive drug therapy plan for patient-specific problems , identifying goals of therapy , and reviewing all prescribed medications prior to dispensing and administration to the patient . <SEP> what ?
on december 7 , 1965 , goldenson announced a merger proposal with itt to abc management ; the two companies agreed to the deal on april 27 , 1966. the fcc approved the merger on december 21 , 1966 ; however , the previous day ( december 20 ) , donald f. turner , head antitrust regulator for the united states department of justice , expressed doubts related to such issues as the emerging cable television market , and concerns over the journalistic integrity of abc and how it could be influenced by the overseas ownership of itt . <SEP> what anitrust regulator ?
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable . <SEP> what additional srevice ?
the service continued until the closure of bskyb 's analogue service on 27 september 2001 , due to the launch and expansion of the sky digital platform . <SEP> what platform ?
since approximately 600,000 years ago , six major ice ages have occurred , in which sea level dropped 120 m ( 390 ft ) and much of the continental margins became exposed . <SEP> how far ?
exceptional examples of the bourgeois architecture of the later periods were not restored by the communist authorities after the war ( like mentioned kronenberg palace and insurance company rosja building ) or they were rebuilt in socialist realism style ( like warsaw philharmony edifice originally inspired by palais garnier in paris ) . <SEP> what style ?
during his third year , tesla gambled away his allowance and his tuition money , later gambling back his initial losses and returning the balance to his family . <SEP> how ?
kenyans generally have three meals in a day – breakfast in the morning ( kiamsha kinywa ) , lunch in the afternoon ( chakula cha mchana ) and supper in the evening ( chakula cha jioni or known simply as " chajio " ) . <SEP> how many meals a day ?
the innate immune system is the dominant system of host defense in most organisms . <SEP> what ?
corliss , and later , poppet valve gears had separate admission and exhaust valves driven by trip mechanisms or cams profiled so as to give ideal events ; most of these gears never succeeded outside of the stationary marketplace due to various other issues including leakage and more delicate mechanisms . <SEP> along with poppet valve gears , what type of gears ?
despite the high position given to muslims , some policies of the yuan emperors severely discriminated against them , restricting halal slaughter and other islamic practices like circumcision , as well as kosher butchering for jews , forcing them to eat food the mongol way . <SEP> what jewish practice ?
the outer surface bears usually eight comb rows , called swimming-plates , which are used for swimming . <SEP> what ?
over the long-term , this trend increases the organic composition of capital , meaning that less workers are required in proportion to capital inputs , increasing unemployment ( the " reserve army of labour " ) . <SEP> what impact ?
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story . <SEP> what kind of membrane ?
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced . <SEP> why ?
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium . <SEP> who ?
most of the rhine 's current course was not under the ice during the last ice age ; although , its source must still have been a glacier . <SEP> what ?
that is , they impart magnetic character to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field , because of the spin magnetic moments of the unpaired electrons in the molecule , and the negative exchange energy between neighboring o 2 molecules . <SEP> what kind of field ?
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system . <SEP> what ?
the book of discipline of the united methodist church directs the local church to offer membership preparation or confirmation classes to all people , including adults . <SEP> what directions the local church ?
the pound-force has a metric counterpart , less commonly used than the newton : the kilogram-force ( kgf ) ( sometimes kilopond ) , is the force exerted by standard gravity on one kilogram of mass . <SEP> what ?
the merged company , renamed american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc. and headquartered in the paramount building at 1501 broadway in manhattan , owned six am and several fm radio stations , five television stations and 644 cinemas in 300 u.s. cities . <SEP> where ?
the coordinating lead authors are responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors , ensuring that they meet stylistic and formatting requirements , and reporting to the working group chairs . <SEP> who ?
the v & a dundee will be on the city 's waterfront and is intended to focus on fashion , architecture , product design , graphic arts and photography . <SEP> where in dundee ?
lead fusible plugs may be present in the crown of the boiler 's firebox . <SEP> what ?
for a long time , it was thought that the amazon rainforest was only ever sparsely populated , as it was impossible to sustain a large population through agriculture given the poor soil . <SEP> what feature of the amazon ?
the english name " normans " comes from the french words normans/normanz , plural of normant , modern french normand , which is itself borrowed from old low franconian nortmann " northman " or directly from old norse norðmaðr , latinized variously as nortmannus , normannus , or nordmannus ( recorded in medieval latin , 9th century ) to mean " norseman , viking " . <SEP> what ?
the centre refreshment room 1865–77 was designed in a renaissance style by james gamble , the walls and even the ionic columns are covered in decorative and moulded ceramic tile , the ceiling consists of elaborate designs on enamelled metal sheets and matching stained-glass windows , the marble fireplace was designed and sculpted by alfred stevens and was removed from dorchester house prior to that building 's demolition in 1929. the grill room 1876–81 was designed by sir edward poynter , the lower part of the walls consist of blue and white tiles with various figures and foliage enclosed by wood panelling , above there are large tiled scenes with figures depicting the four seasons and the twelve months these were painted by ladies from the art school then based in the museum , the windows are also stained glass , there is an elaborate cast-iron grill still in place . <SEP> who ?
the snp overall majority meant that there was sufficient support in the scottish parliament to hold a referendum on scottish independence . <SEP> what ?
a progressive tax is a tax by which the tax rate increases as the taxable base amount increases . <SEP> what ?
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal ( united states ) calendar of saints . <SEP> on what other calendar ?
major genghis khan statues have been erected before the parliament and near ulaanbaatar . <SEP> what city ?
economist joseph stiglitz argues that rather than explaining concentrations of wealth and income , market forces should serve as a brake on such concentration , which may better be explained by the non-market force known as " rent-seeking " . <SEP> what forces ?
the latin translation de materia medica ( concerning medical substances ) was used a basis for many medieval texts , and was built upon by many middle eastern scientists during the islamic golden age . <SEP> who ?
if a pathogen breaches these barriers , the innate immune system provides an immediate , but non-specific response . <SEP> which system ?
the daily mail newspaper reported in 2012 that the uk government 's benefits agency was checking claimants ' " sky tv bills to establish if a woman in receipt of benefits as a single mother is wrongly claiming to be living alone " – as , it claimed , subscription to sports channels would betray a man 's presence in the household . <SEP> what ?
some non-condensing direct-drive locomotives did meet with some success for long haul freight operations in sweden and for express passenger work in britain , but were not repeated . <SEP> where ?
luther was the most widely read author of his generation , and within germany he acquired the status of a prophet . <SEP> who ?
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 . <SEP> what time ?
luther 's hymn , adapted and expanded from an earlier german creedal hymn , gained widespread use in vernacular lutheran liturgies as early as 1525. sixteenth-century lutheran hymnals also included " wir glauben all " among the catechetical hymns , although 18th-century hymnals tended to label the hymn as trinitarian rather than catechetical , and 20th-century lutherans rarely use the hymn because of the perceived difficulty of its tune . <SEP> what earlier hymn ?
newcastle college is the largest general further education college in the north east and is a beacon status college ; there are two smaller colleges in the newcastle area . <SEP> what ?
with his mathematical insight , sir isaac newton formulated laws of motion that were not improved-on for nearly three hundred years . <SEP> how long ?
the cjeu 's duty is to " ensure that in the interpretation and application of the treaties the law is observed " , although realistically it has the ability to expand and develop the law according to the principles it deems to be appropriate . <SEP> what ?
galileo concluded that motion in a constant velocity was completely equivalent to rest . <SEP> what ?
excellent job opportunities are expected as retirements , especially among secondary school teachers , outweigh slowing enrollment growth ; opportunities will vary by geographic area and subject taught . <SEP> what type of opportunities ?
for the 2012–13 school year annual tuition was $ 38,000 , with a total cost of attendance of $ 57,000 . <SEP> what ?
islamists accused the saudi regime of being a puppet of the west . <SEP> whose puppet ?
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer . <SEP> in what year ?
accordingly , the term odd prime refers to any prime number greater than 2. similarly , when written in the usual decimal system , all prime numbers larger than 5 end in 1 , 3 , 7 , or 9 , since even numbers are multiples of 2 and numbers ending in 0 or 5 are multiples of 5 . <SEP> what other number ?
conversely if they move from brackish to full-strength seawater , the rosettes may pump water out of the mesoglea to reduce its volume and increase its density . <SEP> what ?
in some countries , formal education can take place through home schooling . <SEP> what ?
the purportedly scientific nature of " social darwinism " and a theory of races formed a supposedly rational justification for imperialism . <SEP> which theory ?
such forces act perpendicular to the velocity vector associated with the motion of an object , and therefore do not change the speed of the object ( magnitude of the velocity ) , but only the direction of the velocity vector . <SEP> how ?
the mongols defeated the loyalists at the battle of yamen in 1279. the last song emperor drowned , bringing an end to the song dynasty . <SEP> how ?
in the 1980s , after purchasing an 80 % interest in cable sports channel espn , the network 's parent merged with capital cities communications , owner of several print publications , and television and radio stations . <SEP> what company ?
genghis khan ordered the wholesale massacre of many of the civilians , enslaved the rest of the population and executed inalchuq by pouring molten silver into his ears and eyes , as retribution for his actions . <SEP> what metal ?
many complexity classes are defined using the concept of a reduction . <SEP> what concept ?
an example would be wbai 's broadcasting the track " filthy words " from a george carlin comedy album , which eventually led to the 1978 supreme court case of fcc v. pacifica foundation . <SEP> what year ?
around 1294 , a french version of the scriptures was prepared by the roman catholic priest , guyard de moulin . <SEP> who ?
after the revocation of the edict of nantes , the dutch republic received the largest group of huguenot refugees , an estimated total of 75,000 to 100,000 people . <SEP> what country ?
he set the nfl 's all-time record for career passing yards in this game , but was benched after throwing four interceptions in favor of backup quarterback brock osweiler , who took over as the starter for most of the remainder of the regular season . <SEP> who ?
it is a common misconception to ascribe the stiffness and rigidity of solid matter to the repulsion of like charges under the influence of the electromagnetic force . <SEP> what ?
official photographs and television interviews were held in the courtyard adjoining the assembly hall , which is part of the school of divinity of the university of edinburgh . <SEP> where ?
it is a common misconception to ascribe the stiffness and rigidity of solid matter to the repulsion of like charges under the influence of the electromagnetic force . <SEP> what ?
the judicial branch of the eu has played an important role in the development of eu law , by assuming the task of interpreting the treaties , and accelerating economic and political integration . <SEP> which branch of the eu ?
abc 's master feed is transmitted in 720p high definition , the native resolution format for the walt disney company 's u.s. television properties . <SEP> what format ?
the reforms provoked disturbances , including a revolt by the augustinian friars against their prior , the smashing of statues and images in churches , and denunciations of the magistracy . <SEP> what ?
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world . <SEP> what ?
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water . <SEP> from what ?
a bridge was built across the tyne , between newcastle and gateshead , and opened by queen elizabeth ii in 1981. the network is operated by db regio on behalf of nexus and carries over 37 million passengers a year , extending as far as newcastle airport , tynemouth , south shields and south hylton in sunderland . <SEP> how many passengers a year ?
the apollo program , also known as project apollo , was the third united states human spaceflight program carried out by the national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , which accomplished landing the first humans on the moon from 1969 to 1972. first conceived during dwight d. eisenhower 's administration as a three-man spacecraft to follow the one-man project mercury which put the first americans in space , apollo was later dedicated to president john f. kennedy 's national goal of " landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth " by the end of the 1960s , which he proposed in a may 25 , 1961 , address to congress . <SEP> what project ?
the displays in this gallery cover objects from spain , north africa , the middle east , central asia and afghanistan . <SEP> from which european country ?
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration . <SEP> to which period ?
because of these characteristics , forces are classified as " vector quantities " . <SEP> how ?
james hutton is often viewed as the first modern geologist . <SEP> who ?
telenet was the first fcc-licensed public data network in the united states . <SEP> what ?
the theory formalizes this intuition , by introducing mathematical models of computation to study these problems and quantifying the amount of resources needed to solve them , such as time and storage . <SEP> what ?
in 1755 , the british captured fort beauséjour on the border separating nova scotia from acadia ; soon afterward they ordered the expulsion of the acadians . <SEP> what order ?
king malcolm iii of scotland married edgar 's sister margaret , and came into opposition to william who had already disputed scotland 's southern borders . <SEP> who ?
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish . <SEP> what ?
when he arrived in albany , abercrombie refused to take any significant actions until loudoun approved them . <SEP> who ?
+ 1 is divisible by p. moreover , an integer n > 4 is composite if and only if ( n − 1 ) ! <SEP> what ?
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line . <SEP> what ?
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch . <SEP> what period the drainage basin of the amazon likely split ?
in education , teachers facilitate student learning , often in a school or academy or perhaps in another environment such as outdoors . <SEP> what ?
a function problem is a computational problem where a single output ( of a total function ) is expected for every input , but the output is more complex than that of a decision problem , that is , it is n't just yes or no . <SEP> how many ?
on the other hand , in the late 1980s the western atlantic ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the black sea and sea of azov via the ballast tanks of ships , and has been blamed for causing sharp drops in fish catches by eating both fish larvae and small crustaceans that would otherwise feed the adult fish . <SEP> when ?
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems . <SEP> in what year ?
mayor w. haydon burns ' jacksonville story resulted in the construction of a new city hall , civic auditorium , public library and other projects that created a dynamic sense of civic pride . <SEP> who ?
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks . <SEP> what company ?
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs . <SEP> how many vector equations ?
their use in agriculture led to an increase in the land available for cultivation . <SEP> what ?
the french population numbered about 75,000 and was heavily concentrated along the st. lawrence river valley , with some also in acadia ( present-day new brunswick and parts of nova scotia , including île royale ( present-day cape breton island ) ) . <SEP> what ?
henry ware was elected to the chair in 1805 , and the liberal samuel webber was appointed to the presidency of harvard two years later , which signaled the changing of the tide from the dominance of traditional ideas at harvard to the dominance of liberal , arminian ideas ( defined by traditionalists as unitarian ideas ) . <SEP> what liberal ?
the dalek race , which first appeared in the show 's second serial in 1963 , are doctor who 's oldest villains . <SEP> who ?
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) . <SEP> what ?
many machine models different from the standard multi-tape turing machines have been proposed in the literature , for example random access machines . <SEP> what ?
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts . <SEP> what position ?
at the beginning of 1893 westinghouse engineer benjamin lamme had made great progress developing an efficient version of tesla 's induction motor and westinghouse electric started branding their complete polyphase phase ac system as the " tesla polyphase system " , noting how they believed tesla 's patents gave them patent priority over other ac systems . <SEP> who ?
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers . <SEP> what form ?
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion . <SEP> what flows between the bingen and bonn ?
article 17 ( 1 ) of the treaty on european union states the commission should " promote the general interest of the union " while article 17 ( 3 ) adds that commissioners should be " completely independent " and not " take instructions from any government " . <SEP> which article of the treaty on european union states that commissioners ?
meanwhile , the new lows hit by brothers & sisters led to its cancellation , and the previous year 's only drama renewal , v , also failed to earn another season after a low-rated midseason run . <SEP> what drama program ?
however , unlike the western khanates , the yuan dynasty never converted to islam . <SEP> which ?
the fso car factory was established in 1951. a number of vehicles have been assembled there over the decades , including the warszawa , syrena , fiat 125p ( under license from fiat , later renamed fso 125p when the license expired ) and the polonez . <SEP> when ?
in the 20th century , the development of quantum mechanics led to a modern understanding that the first three fundamental forces ( all except gravity ) are manifestations of matter ( fermions ) interacting by exchanging virtual particles called gauge bosons . <SEP> in what century ?
the " west side " of fresno , also often called " southwest fresno " , is one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city . <SEP> what ?
another important library – the university library , founded in 1816 , is home to over two million items . <SEP> how many items ?
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt . <SEP> what yard line ?
on black hammock island in the national timucuan ecological and historic preserve , a university of north florida team discovered some of the oldest remnants of pottery in the united states , dating to 2500 bc . <SEP> who ?
to classify the computation time ( or similar resources , such as space consumption ) , one is interested in proving upper and lower bounds on the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem . <SEP> which ?
while the commission has a monopoly on initiating legislation , the european parliament and the council of the european union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process . <SEP> which entity ?
the ipcc panel is composed of representatives appointed by governments and organizations . <SEP> who ?
the surface of most metals , such as aluminium and titanium , are oxidized in the presence of air and become coated with a thin film of oxide that passivates the metal and slows further corrosion . <SEP> what ?
geophysical data and well logs can be combined to produce a better view of the subsurface , and stratigraphers often use computer programs to do this in three dimensions . <SEP> what tool ?
harvard 's $ 37.6 billion financial endowment is the largest of any academic institution . <SEP> what ?
coastal species need to be tough enough to withstand waves and swirling sediment particles , while some oceanic species are so fragile that it is very difficult to capture them intact for study . <SEP> which group of ctenophore ?
in the midst of these plans , von braun was transferred from the army to nasa , and made director of the marshall space flight center . <SEP> from where ?
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury . <SEP> who ?
the urban area is also host to an international metropolitan region in the form of san diego–tijuana , created by the urban area spilling over into baja california . <SEP> what kind of region ?
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102. cornerbacks aqib talib ( three interceptions ) and chris harris , jr. ( two interceptions ) were the other two pro bowl selections from the defense . <SEP> what denver player ?
in 1998 , the network began using a minimalist graphical identity , designed by pittard sullivan , featuring a small black-and-white " abc circle " logo on a yellow background ( promotions during this time also featured a sequence of still photos of the stars of its programs during the timeslot card as well as the schedule sequence that began each night 's prime time lineup ) . <SEP> who ?
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing . <SEP> what ?
the principle of inclusions and components states that , with sedimentary rocks , if inclusions ( or clasts ) are found in a formation , then the inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them . <SEP> what ?
the population density was 4,097.9 people per square mile ( 1,582.2/km² ) . <SEP> what ?
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities . <SEP> how ?
according to politifact the top 400 richest americans " have more wealth than half of all americans combined . " <SEP> how many ?
mohandas gandhi pleaded guilty and told the court , " i am here to . <SEP> which famous indian ?
its most familiar effect is beta decay ( of neutrons in atomic nuclei ) and the associated radioactivity . <SEP> what ?
initially built with three layers , it later ( 1982 ) evolved into a seven-layer osi-compliant networking protocol . <SEP> how many layers ?
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) . <SEP> what ?
among these are the oriental institute—a museum and research center for near eastern studies owned and operated by the university—and a number of national resource centers , including the center for middle eastern studies . <SEP> what ?
these mechanisms include phagocytosis , antimicrobial peptides called defensins , and the complement system . <SEP> what ?
one of the principal advantages the rankine cycle holds over others is that during the compression stage relatively little work is required to drive the pump , the working fluid being in its liquid phase at this point . <SEP> what state ?
for example , in extended fluids , differences in pressure result in forces being directed along the pressure gradients as follows : <SEP> in what kind of fluid ?
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> which super bowl ?
fertilization is generally external , although platyctenids ' eggs are fertilized inside their parents ' bodies and kept there until they hatch . <SEP> which species ?
instead of valves , the entire cylinder rocks , or oscillates , such that one or more holes in the cylinder line up with holes in a fixed port face or in the pivot mounting ( trunnion ) . <SEP> what ?
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons . <SEP> what ?
webb held firm , and issued a request for proposal to candidate lunar excursion module ( lem ) contractors . <SEP> what ?
in fact , the united methodist church uses unfermented grape juice in the sacrament of holy communion , thus " expressing pastoral concern for recovering alcoholics , enabling the participation of children and youth , and supporting the church 's witness of abstinence . " <SEP> what ?
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount . <SEP> which company ?
the innate response is usually triggered when microbes are identified by pattern recognition receptors , which recognize components that are conserved among broad groups of microorganisms , or when damaged , injured or stressed cells send out alarm signals , many of which ( but not all ) are recognized by the same receptors as those that recognize pathogens . <SEP> what part of the innate immune system ?
:245 the nobel foundation said , " any rumor that a person has not been given a nobel prize because he has made known his intention to refuse the reward is ridiculous " ; a recipient could only decline a nobel prize after he is announced a winner . <SEP> what ?
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch . <SEP> what denomination ?
the 2013 series destiny of the doctor , produced as part of the series ' 50th anniversary celebrations , marked the first time big finish created stories ( in this case audiobooks ) featuring the doctors from the revived show . <SEP> what series ?
the theory formalizes this intuition , by introducing mathematical models of computation to study these problems and quantifying the amount of resources needed to solve them , such as time and storage . <SEP> what method ?
the roughly half-mile stretch of kearney boulevard between fresno street and thorne ave was at one time the preferred neighborhood for fresno 's elite african-american families . <SEP> which ?
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity . <SEP> what ?
his main interest was centered on the prophecy of the little horn in daniel 8:9–12 , 23–25 . <SEP> what ?
in response to american aid to israel , on october 16 , 1973 , opec raised the posted price of oil by 70 % , to $ 5.11 a barrel . <SEP> when ?
there , he explored the mountains in hunter 's garb . <SEP> what ?
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 . <SEP> who ?
in particular , this norm gets smaller when a number is multiplied by p , in sharp contrast to the usual absolute value ( also referred to as the infinite prime ) . <SEP> what ?
a second series of torchwood aired in 2008 ; for three episodes , the cast was joined by freema agyeman reprising her doctor who role of martha jones . <SEP> when ?
the internal cavity forms : a mouth that can usually be closed by muscles ; a pharynx ( " throat " ) ; a wider area in the center that acts as a stomach ; and a system of internal canals . <SEP> what ?
with its benches , flower carpets , a pond with ducks on and a playground for kids , the krasiński palace garden is a popular strolling destination for the varsovians . <SEP> what ?
abc airs nba games on sundays , normally starting in january as " nba sunday showcase " during the regular season , and shows christmas day games , regularly between 2–7 pm et , and nba playoff games during the weekends , and exclusive rights to the nba finals . <SEP> for what ?
this language was the forerunner of modern english ; but while the dialects of other english regions have been heavily altered by the influences of other foreign languages—particularly latin and norman french—the geordie dialect retains many elements of the old language . <SEP> what ?
these are mainly forested areas ( pine forest ) . <SEP> what type of forested areas ?
such qualifications were introduced under the house of commons disqualification act 1975 and the british nationality act 1981. specifically , members must be over the age of 18 and must be a citizen of the united kingdom , the republic of ireland , one of the countries in the commonwealth of nations , a citizen of a british overseas territory , or a european union citizen resident in the uk . <SEP> when ?
tesla invented a steam-powered mechanical oscillator—tesla 's oscillator . <SEP> how ?
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) . <SEP> what cbs website ?
the main difference is that heat addition ( in the boiler ) and rejection ( in the condenser ) are isobaric ( constant pressure ) processes in the rankine cycle and isothermal ( constant temperature ) processes in the theoretical carnot cycle . <SEP> what ?
at the launch in march 2013 , the secretary of the ministry of planning , national development and vision 2030 emphasised that climate will be a central issue in the renewed medium term plan that will be launched in the coming months . <SEP> what ?
these theses asserted that the law is no longer to be taught to christians but belonged only to city hall . <SEP> what ?
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs . <SEP> who ?
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach . <SEP> what ?
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells . <SEP> what type of markets ?
most of the wind rose direction occurrences derive from the northwest , as winds are driven downward along the axis of the california central valley ; in december , january and february there is an increased presence of southeastern wind directions in the wind rose statistics . <SEP> in which months ?
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen . <SEP> what ?
the small catechism has earned a reputation as a model of clear religious teaching . <SEP> what work of luther 's ?
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum . <SEP> under what ?
approximately one million protestants in modern france represent some 2 % of its population . <SEP> what percentage of france 's population ?
gatherings of thousands of people on the banks of the vistula on midsummer ’ s night for a festival called wianki ( polish for wreaths ) have become a tradition and a yearly event in the programme of cultural events in warsaw . <SEP> how ?
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time . <SEP> how popular ?
in august 1227 , during the fall of yinchuan , the capital of western xia , genghis khan died . <SEP> when ?
at the begin of the holocene ( ~11,700 years ago ) , the rhine occupied its late-glacial valley . <SEP> when ?
although the mongols had ruled territories including today 's north china for decades , it was not until 1271 that kublai khan officially proclaimed the dynasty in the traditional chinese style . <SEP> when ?
this " decision time " is heralded by the sounding of the division bell , which is heard throughout the parliamentary campus and alerts msps who are not in the chamber to return and vote . <SEP> what ?
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries . <SEP> whose portrait by françois clouet ?
goldenson also cited interest in japan in the early 1950s , acquiring a 5 % stake in two new domestic networks , the mainichi broadcasting system in 1951 and nihon educational television in 1957. goldenson also invested in broadcasting properties in beirut in the mid-1960s . <SEP> what country ?
a 2000 study found that 42 % of uk teachers experienced occupational stress , twice the figure for the average profession . <SEP> where ?
on the extended lunar missions , an orbital scientific instrument package was carried . <SEP> what ?
on the television side , in september 1969 , abc launched the movie of the week , a weekly showcase aimed at capitalizing on the growing success of made-for-tv movies since the early 1960s . <SEP> in what year ?
normally , the reenergized electrons are taken by nadp+ , though sometimes they can flow back down more h+-pumping electron transport chains to transport more hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space to generate more atp . <SEP> what ?
:116 thus it can be said that imperialism includes some form of colonialism , but colonialism itself does not automatically imply imperialism , as it lacks a political focus . <SEP> what ?
over the next five years , tesla wrote over 50 letters to morgan , pleading for and demanding additional funding to complete the construction of wardenclyffe . <SEP> why ?
on august 15 , 2008 , disney denied rumors started by caris & co. that it would be selling the ten abc owned-and-operated stations . <SEP> who ?
the function of the teacher is to pressure the lazy , inspire the bored , deflate the cocky , encourage the timid , detect and correct individual flaws , and broaden the viewpoint of all . <SEP> what ?
the river makes a distinctive turn to the north near chur . <SEP> which direction ?
between 1991 and 2000 , the total area of forest lost in the amazon rose from 415,000 to 587,000 square kilometres ( 160,000 to 227,000 sq mi ) , with most of the lost forest becoming pasture for cattle . <SEP> how many square kilometres of the amazon forest ?
' " [ attribution needed ] because of the resources made available by imperialism , the world 's economy grew significantly and became much more interconnected in the decades before world war i , making the many imperial powers rich and prosperous . <SEP> what ?
most of the wind rose direction occurrences derive from the northwest , as winds are driven downward along the axis of the california central valley ; in december , january and february there is an increased presence of southeastern wind directions in the wind rose statistics . <SEP> in which direction ?
the court has required that higher education , along with other forms of vocational training , should be more access , albeit with qualifying periods . <SEP> what ?
through gentrification of older neighbourhoods , for example , in east new york , rental prices increased rapidly as landlords found new residents willing to pay higher market rate for housing and left lower income families without rental units . <SEP> what ?
david rodda noted that from 1984 and 1991 , the number of quality rental units decreased as the demand for higher quality housing increased ( rhoda 1994:148 ) . <SEP> what ?
oxygen also occurs in phosphate ( po3− 4 ) groups in the biologically important energy-carrying molecules atp and adp , in the backbone and the purines ( except adenine ) and pyrimidines of rna and dna , and in bones as calcium phosphate and hydroxylapatite . <SEP> in what calcium ?
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game . <SEP> what team ?
in 1993 , the fcc repealed the financial interest and syndication rules , once again allowing networks to hold interests in television production studios . <SEP> when ?
the results of his unaided labours were submitted to the american philosophical society in a memoir entitled observations on the geology of the united states explanatory of a geological map , and published in the society 's transactions , together with the nation 's first geological map . <SEP> what ?
european and arab presence in coastal mombasa dates to the early modern period ; european exploration of the interior began in the 19th century . <SEP> when ?
according to johnson , smeeding , and tory , consumption inequality was actually lower in 2001 than it was in 1986. the debate is summarized in " the hidden prosperity of the poor " by journalist thomas b. edsall . <SEP> what ?
in 1873 , tesla returned to his birthtown , smiljan . <SEP> what ?
despite the high position given to muslims , some policies of the yuan emperors severely discriminated against them , restricting halal slaughter and other islamic practices like circumcision , as well as kosher butchering for jews , forcing them to eat food the mongol way . <SEP> what yuan policies ?
in secondary schools they will be taught by different subject specialists each session during the week and may have ten or more different teachers . <SEP> who ?
since , in most flowering plants , chloroplasts are not inherited from the male parent , transgenes in these plastids can not be disseminated by pollen . <SEP> why ?
the station is one of only six grade one listed railway stations in the uk . <SEP> how many grade one ?
there are three private schools ( including the secondary school , st dominic 's college ) operated by the catholic schismatic group , the society of st pius x in wanganui . <SEP> what group ?
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 . <SEP> what ?
his father arranged a marriage for him , and at nine years of age he was delivered by his father to the family of his future wife börte , who was a member of the tribe khongirad . <SEP> what ?
after the success of the british galleries , opened in 2001 , it was decided to embark on a major redesign of all the galleries in the museum ; this is known as " futureplan " , and was created in consultation with the exhibition designers and masterplanners metaphor . <SEP> what ?
kuchlug , the deposed khan of the naiman confederation that temüjin defeated and folded into his mongol empire , fled west and usurped the khanate of qara khitai ( also known as the western liao , as it was originally established as remnants of the liao dynasty ) . <SEP> who ?
the latin translation de materia medica ( concerning medical substances ) was used a basis for many medieval texts , and was built upon by many middle eastern scientists during the islamic golden age . <SEP> what ?
in 2001 , 16 national science academies issued a joint statement on climate change . <SEP> how many organizations ?
luther and his colleagues introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the electorate of saxony , which began in 1527. they also assessed the standard of pastoral care and christian education in the territory . <SEP> what ?
common cytokines include interleukins that are responsible for communication between white blood cells ; chemokines that promote chemotaxis ; and interferons that have anti-viral effects , such as shutting down protein synthesis in the host cell . <SEP> what ?
as the d-loop moves through the circular dna , it adopts a theta intermediary form , also known as a cairns replication intermediate , and completes replication with a rolling circle mechanism . <SEP> what ?
roger 's son , roger ii of sicily , was crowned king in 1130 ( exactly one century after rainulf was " crowned " count ) by antipope anacletus ii . <SEP> in what year ?
in 1990 , thomas s. murphy delegated his position as president to daniel b. burke while remaining abc 's chairman and ceo . <SEP> who ?
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " . <SEP> what institute ?
the justification for this is that a lack of education leads directly to lower incomes , and thus lower aggregate savings and investment . <SEP> what ?
formed in 1946 , sierra sky park airport is a residential airport community born of a unique agreement in transportation law to allow personal aircraft and automobiles to share certain roads . <SEP> when ?
in this last connection , the name could suggest the derogatory inference of superstitious worship ; popular fancy held that huguon , the gate of king hugo , was haunted by the ghost of le roi huguet ( regarded by roman catholics as an infamous scoundrel ) and other spirits , who instead of being in purgatory came back to harm the living at night . <SEP> who ?
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium . <SEP> what date ?
the general conference meets every four years ( quadrennium ) . <SEP> how often ?
it is tempting to think that the notion of function problems is much richer than the notion of decision problems . <SEP> how ?
tesla published the document in an attempt to expound on the technical description of a " superweapon that would put an end to all war . " <SEP> what ?
the measurement implies that an unknown process depleted oxygen-16 from the sun 's disk of protoplanetary material prior to the coalescence of dust grains that formed the earth . <SEP> what type of process ?
the new concept called " love radio " , which featured a limited selection of music genres , was launched on abc 's seven owned-and-operated fm stations in late november 1968 ; the concept replaced nearly all of the programming provided by these stations ; however , several affiliates ( such as kxyz ) retained the majority of their content . <SEP> what ?
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system . <SEP> when ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> how many ?
many important complexity classes can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm . <SEP> what ?
luther devised the catechism as a method of imparting the basics of christianity to the congregations . <SEP> what ?
in 1351 , the red turban rebellion started and grew into a nationwide uprising . <SEP> what uprising ?
in 1750 christopher gist , acting on behalf of both virginia and the company , explored the ohio territory and opened negotiations with the indian tribes at logstown . <SEP> who ?
according to imf staff economists , " if the income share of the top 20 percent ( the rich ) increases , then gdp growth actually declines over the medium term , suggesting that the benefits do not trickle down . <SEP> what ?
subsequently , californios ( dissatisfied with inequitable taxes and land laws ) and pro-slavery southerners in the lightly populated " cow counties " of southern california attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve a separate statehood or territorial status separate from northern california . <SEP> what else ?
legally , only non-profit trusts and societies can run schools in india . <SEP> what ?
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population . <SEP> what ?
a " general question time " takes place on a thursday between 11:40 a.m. and 12 p.m. where members can direct questions to any member of the scottish government . <SEP> on what day ?
industrial activity , concentrated around the three largest urban centres , nairobi , mombasa and kisumu , is dominated by food-processing industries such as grain milling , beer production , and sugarcane crushing , and the fabrication of consumer goods , e.g. , vehicles from kits . <SEP> what ?
the normans had a profound effect on irish culture and history after their invasion at bannow bay in 1169. initially the normans maintained a distinct culture and ethnicity . <SEP> what culture ?
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city . <SEP> who ?
in response , teachers may concentrate their attention on motivated students , ignoring attention-seeking and disruptive students . <SEP> who ?
some words used in the geordie dialect are used elsewhere in the northern united kingdom . <SEP> where ?
on 12 january , two thousand people attended a state funeral for tesla at the cathedral of saint john the divine . <SEP> how many people ?
they ended up using a dc traction motor instead . <SEP> what ?
31:5 ) , the common prayer of the dying . <SEP> what ?
" nun komm , der heiden heiland " ( now come , savior of the gentiles ) , based on veni redemptor gentium , became the main hymn ( hauptlied ) for advent . <SEP> what ?
for the purposes of parliamentary sovereignty , the parliament of the united kingdom at westminster continues to constitute the supreme legislature of scotland . <SEP> what body ?
the dornbirner ach had to be diverted , too , and it now flows parallel to the canalized rhine into the lake . <SEP> where ?
george wallis ( 1811–1891 ) , the first keeper of fine art collection , passionately promoted the idea of wide art education through the museum collections . <SEP> who ?
included in its provisions was the reservation of lands west of the appalachian mountains to its indian population , a demarcation that was at best a temporary impediment to a rising tide of westward-bound settlers . <SEP> what lands ?
with international criminal court trial dates in 2013 for both president kenyatta and deputy president william ruto related to the 2007 election aftermath , us president barack obama chose not to visit the country during his mid-2013 african trip . <SEP> what ?
some time later , dyrrachium—one of the most important naval bases of the adriatic—fell again to byzantine hands . <SEP> where ?
the mongol empire did not emphasize the importance of ethnicity and race in the administrative realm , instead adopting an approach grounded in meritocracy . <SEP> what ?
professional and labor organizations may limit the supply of workers which results in higher demand and greater incomes for members . <SEP> who ?
tyneside flats were built as terraces , one of each pair of doors led to an upstairs flat while the other led into the ground-floor flat , each of two or three rooms . <SEP> what ?
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards . <SEP> how many field goals ?
the nestorian physician jesus the interpreter founded the office of western medicine in 1263 during the reign of kublai . <SEP> when ?
however , the american medical association ( ama ) code of ethics provides that physicians may dispense drugs within their office practices as long as there is no patient exploitation and patients have the right to a written prescription that can be filled elsewhere . <SEP> what body ?
the łazienki park covers the area of 76 ha . <SEP> what ?
the annual status of education report ( aser ) , which evaluates learning levels in rural india , has been reporting poorer academic achievement in government schools than in private schools . <SEP> what ?
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015. the previous chairs were rajendra k. pachauri , elected in may 2002 ; robert watson in 1997 ; and bert bolin in 1988. the chair is assisted by an elected bureau including vice-chairs , working group co-chairs , and a secretariat . <SEP> who ?
in 1979 , the soviet union deployed its 40th army into afghanistan , attempting to suppress an islamic rebellion against an allied marxist regime in the afghan civil war . <SEP> what ?
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds . <SEP> what part of the teaching council act ?
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " . <SEP> what senate committee ?
about 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) from warsaw , the vistula river 's environment changes strikingly and features a perfectly preserved ecosystem , with a habitat of animals that includes the otter , beaver and hundreds of bird species . <SEP> what animals ?
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum . <SEP> where ?
pharmacy organizations often use other symbols , such as the bowl of hygieia which is often used in the netherlands , conical measures , and caduceuses in their logos . <SEP> what country ?
in november 2006 , the victorian legislative council elections were held under a new multi-member proportional representation system . <SEP> what kind of representational system ?
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) . <SEP> when ?
in the 19th century , shipbuilding and heavy engineering were central to the city 's prosperity ; and the city was a powerhouse of the industrial revolution . <SEP> what ?
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen . <SEP> who ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> when ?
the use of remote sensing for the conservation of the amazon is also being used by the indigenous tribes of the basin to protect their tribal lands from commercial interests . <SEP> what kind of sending technology ?
miller had six total tackles ( five solo ) , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> how many solo sacks ?
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great . <SEP> in which year ?
technically , these would be categorized as private schools , but many of them have the name " public school " appended to them , e.g. , the galaxy public school in kathmandu . <SEP> where ?
therefore , the church supports and extends its ministry to those persons who conscientiously oppose all war , or any particular war , and who therefore refuse to serve in the armed forces or to cooperate with systems of military conscription . <SEP> who ?
in 1975 , season 11 of the series won a writers ' guild of great britain award for best writing in a children 's serial . <SEP> which season of doctor ?
meanwhile , denver 's offense was kept out of the end zone for three plays , but a holding penalty on cornerback josh norman gave the broncos a new set of downs . <SEP> what panther defender ?
in 1749 the british government gave land to the ohio company of virginia for the purpose of developing trade and settlements in the ohio country . <SEP> when ?
in primary schools each class has a teacher who stays with them for most of the week and will teach them the whole curriculum . <SEP> what ?
when the double expansion group is duplicated , producing a 4-cylinder compound , the individual pistons within the group are usually balanced at 180° , the groups being set at 90° to each other . <SEP> at what angle ?
the treaties limit free trade , to prioritise other values such as public health , consumer protection , labour rights , fair competition , and environmental improvement . <SEP> what ?
treatment not only increases oxygen levels in the patient 's blood , but has the secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs , easing work load on the heart . <SEP> what ?
routing a packet requires the node to look up the connection id in a table . <SEP> why ?
learning of a french scouting party in the area , washington , with tanaghrisson and his party , surprised the canadians on may 28 in what became known as the battle of jumonville glen . <SEP> what ?
others say that this was—on the contrary—a very precise notation of a correct african pronunciation /ˈkɛnjə/ . <SEP> what ?
it has been established that some plants have linear cpdna , such as maize , and that more species still contain complex structures that scientists do not yet understand . <SEP> what kind of cpdna ?
the greek physician pedanius dioscorides is famous for writing a five volume book in his native greek περί ύλης ιατρικής in the 1st century ad . <SEP> what ?
wild designed the impressive staircase that rises the full height of the building , made from cadeby stone the steps are 7 feet ( 2.1 m ) in length , the balustrades and columns are portland stone . <SEP> what stone ?
their defeat by the swabian league at the battle of frankenhausen on 15 may 1525 , followed by müntzer 's execution , brought the revolutionary stage of the reformation to a close . <SEP> when ?
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003. other lesser known groups include the islamic liberation party , salvation from hell and takfir wal-hijra , and these groups have variously been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures , arson of video shops and attempted takeovers of government buildings . <SEP> how ?
the acquisition of a feasible ac motor gave westinghouse a key patent in building a completely integrated ac system , but the financial strain of buying up patents and hiring the engineers needed to build it meant development of tesla 's motor had to be put on hold for a while . <SEP> what ?
the victorian constitution can be amended by the parliament of victoria , except for certain " entrenched " provisions that require either an absolute majority in both houses , a three-fifths majority in both houses , or the approval of the victorian people in a referendum , depending on the provision . <SEP> what group ?
the establishment of the german colonial empire proceeded smoothly , starting with german new guinea in 1884 . <SEP> what ?
building activity occurred in numerous noble palaces and churches during the later decades of the 17th century . <SEP> when ?
the discharge of the rhine is divided among three branches : the river waal ( 6/9 of total discharge ) , the river nederrijn – lek ( 2/9 of total discharge ) and the river ijssel ( 1/9 of total discharge ) . <SEP> how many branches ?
education , especially in an area where there is a high demand for workers , creates high wages for those with this education , however , increases in education first increase and then decrease growth as well as income inequality . <SEP> what ?
after several battles , jamukha was finally turned over to temüjin by his own men in 1206 . <SEP> what year ?
with such a small force , the invading mongols were forced to change strategies and resort to inciting internal revolt among kuchlug 's supporters , leaving the qara khitai more vulnerable to mongol conquest . <SEP> what strategy ?
secondly , aspirational consumption describes the process of middle income earners aspiring to achieve the standards of living enjoyed by their wealthier counterparts and one method of achieving this aspiration is by taking on debt . <SEP> what ?
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) . <SEP> who ?
as the first intifada gathered momentum and palestinian shopkeepers closed their shops in support of the uprising , the brotherhood announced the formation of hamas ( " zeal " ) , devoted to jihad against israel . <SEP> what organization ?
in march 1864 a confederate cavalry confronted a union expedition resulting in the battle of cedar creek . <SEP> in what year ?
this is not a problem except for patients on mechanical ventilators , since gas supplied through oxygen masks in medical applications is typically composed of only 30 % –50 % o 2 by volume ( about 30 kpa at standard pressure ) . <SEP> what percentage of oxygen ?
the dutch health authorities regarded the treatment unnecessary , so she argued this restricted the freedom ( of the german health clinic ) to provide services . <SEP> what ?
on june 16 , 2007 , abc began to phase in a new imaging campaign for the upcoming 2007–08 season , " start here " . <SEP> what ?
in 1999 , another special , doctor who and the curse of fatal death , was made for comic relief and later released on vhs . <SEP> what ?
the abc also provided partial funding for the 20th anniversary special the five doctors in 1983. repeats of both the classic and modern series have also been shown on subscription television channels bbc uktv , sf and later on syfy upon sf 's closure . <SEP> what ?
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) . <SEP> what ?
the kilogram-force leads to an alternate , but rarely used unit of mass : the metric slug ( sometimes mug or hyl ) is that mass that accelerates at 1 m·s−2 when subjected to a force of 1 kgf . <SEP> what ?
during the following years , a magnetic tape shortage prompted nasa to remove massive numbers of magnetic tapes from the national archives and records administration to be recorded over with newer satellite data . <SEP> what ?
from 2000 to 2007 it killed 542 people in 140 suicide bombing or " martyrdom operations " . <SEP> how many people ?
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york . <SEP> when ?
in a few species like cyanidioschyzon merolæ , chloroplasts have a third plastid-dividing ring located in the chloroplast 's intermembrane space . <SEP> what ?
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus . <SEP> what ?
kenya ’ s armed forces , like many government institutions in the country , have been tainted by corruption allegations . <SEP> what other forces ?
in its focus on the caliphate , the party takes a different view of muslim history than some other islamists such as muhammad qutb . <SEP> what ?
the system of bureaucracy created by kublai khan reflected various cultures in the empire , including that of the han chinese , khitans , jurchens , mongols , and tibetan buddhists . <SEP> what cultures ?
this law also exists in austria for general physicians if the nearest pharmacy is more than 4 kilometers away , or where none is registered in the city . <SEP> what ?
the situation in new france was further exacerbated by a poor harvest in 1757 , a difficult winter , and the allegedly corrupt machinations of françois bigot , the intendant of the territory . <SEP> what other reason ?
socialists attribute the vast disparities in wealth to the private ownership of the means of production by a class of owners , creating a situation where a small portion of the population lives off unearned property income by virtue of ownership titles in capital equipment , financial assets and corporate stock . <SEP> what ?
the mouth of the rhine into lake constance forms an inland delta . <SEP> which lake ?
the non-deterministic turing machine has very little to do with how we physically want to compute algorithms , but its branching exactly captures many of the mathematical models we want to analyze , so that non-deterministic time is a very important resource in analyzing computational problems . <SEP> what ?
others are sequential hermaphrodites , in which the eggs and sperm mature at different times . <SEP> what type of hermaphrodite ?
... but when works are so completely cut away – and that must mean that faith alone justifies – whoever would speak plainly and clearly about this cutting away of works will have to say , 'faith alone justifies us , and not works ' . " <SEP> what ?
watt independently discovered latent heat , which was confirmed by the original discoverer joseph black , who also advised watt on experimental procedures . <SEP> who ?
chen 's theorem says that every sufficiently large even number can be expressed as the sum of a prime and a semiprime , the product of two primes . <SEP> which theorem states ?
it is believed that np is not equal to co-np ; however , it has not yet been proven . <SEP> what ?
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise . <SEP> in what book ?
some muslim communities had a chinese surname which meant " barracks " and could also mean " thanks " . <SEP> what ?
the next three drives of the game would end in punts . <SEP> what ?
proposals to connect the cambridge campus with the new allston campus include new and enlarged bridges , a shuttle service and/or a tram . <SEP> what ?
the prime ideals of the ring of integers are the ideals ( 0 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 11 ) , … the fundamental theorem of arithmetic generalizes to the lasker–noether theorem , which expresses every ideal in a noetherian commutative ring as an intersection of primary ideals , which are the appropriate generalizations of prime powers . <SEP> what type of commutative ring ?
roman catholic theology stated that faith alone , whether fiduciary or dogmatic , can not justify man ; justification rather depends only on such faith as is active in charity and good works ( fides caritate formata ) . <SEP> what theology ?
british settlers outnumbered the french 20 to 1 with a population of about 1.5 million ranged along the eastern coast of the continent , from nova scotia and newfoundland in the north , to georgia in the south . <SEP> what ?
rather than being more moderate than the plo , the 1988 hamas charter took a more uncompromising stand , calling for the destruction of israel and the establishment of an islamic state in palestine . <SEP> where ?
the city is served by the tyne and wear metro , a system of suburban and underground railways covering much of tyne and wear . <SEP> what ?
this treatise is currently in the nikola tesla museum archive in belgrade . <SEP> where ?
temujin 's resentment erupted during one hunting excursion that temüjin and his brother khasar killed their half-brother begter . <SEP> who ?
# p is an important complexity class of counting problems ( not decision problems ) . <SEP> what ?
following the election of the uk labour party to government in 1997 , the uk formally subscribed to the agreement on social policy , which allowed it to be included with minor amendments as the social chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam . <SEP> what lead to the uk ?
after an unmanned lm test flight as-206 , a crew would fly the first block ii csm and lm in a dual mission known as as-207/208 , or as-278 ( each spacecraft would be launched on a separate saturn ib . ) <SEP> how many people ?
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " . <SEP> how sure ?
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites . <SEP> where ?
women played a relatively important role in mongol empire and in family , for example töregene khatun was briefly in charge of the mongol empire when next male khagan was being chosen . <SEP> which woman ?
islamists were considered by western governments bulwarks against—what were thought to be at the time—more dangerous leftist/communist/nationalist insurgents/opposition , which islamists were correctly seen as opposing . <SEP> when ?
while many homes in the neighborhood date back to the 1930s or before , the neighborhood is also home to several public housing developments built between the 1960s and 1990s by the fresno housing authority . <SEP> when ?
this is because , with informal rule , the control is spread more subtly through technological superiority , enforcing land officials into large debts that can not be repaid , ownership of private industries thus expanding the controlled area , or having countries agree to uneven trade agreements forcefully . <SEP> what subtle tool ?
it was founded by former arpa ipto director larry roberts as a means of making arpanet technology public . <SEP> who ?
karl von miltitz , a papal nuncio , attempted to broker a solution , but luther , who had sent the pope a copy of on the freedom of a christian in october , publicly set fire to the bull and decretals at wittenberg on 10 december 1520 , an act he defended in why the pope and his recent book are burned and assertions concerning all articles . <SEP> who ?
opposition politicians , human rights groups , and nine western countries criticised the security bill , arguing that it infringed on democratic freedoms . <SEP> who ?
temperature ) , the intuitive understanding of forces is quantified using precise operational definitions that are consistent with direct observations and compared to a standard measurement scale . <SEP> what ?
chloroplasts are highly dynamic—they circulate and are moved around within plant cells , and occasionally pinch in two to reproduce . <SEP> how ?
it is the uk 's largest pay-tv broadcaster with 11 million customers as of 2015. it was the uk 's most popular digital tv service until it was overtaken by freeview in april 2007. its corporate headquarters are based in isleworth . <SEP> what other digital tv service ?
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism . <SEP> when ?
one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection is the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet dated c1750 from germany , with especially fine marquetry and ormolu mounts . <SEP> from which country ?
in 1932 the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon stated the length as 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , presumably a typographical error . <SEP> who ?
between about ad 14 and 180 , the assignment of legions was as follows : for the army of germania inferior , two legions at vetera ( xanten ) , i germanica and xx valeria ( pannonian troops ) ; two legions at oppidum ubiorum ( " town of the ubii " ) , which was renamed to colonia agrippina , descending to cologne , v alaudae , a celtic legion recruited from gallia narbonensis and xxi , possibly a galatian legion from the other side of the empire . <SEP> what ?
opened in 1850 by queen victoria , it was the first covered railway station in the world and was much copied across the uk . <SEP> what queen ?
welsh medium education is available to all age groups through nurseries , schools , colleges and universities and in adult education ; lessons in the language itself are compulsory for all pupils until the age of 16 . <SEP> how long ?
pyrenoids can divide to form new pyrenoids , or be produced " de novo " . <SEP> how ?
the history of the steam engine stretches back as far as the first century ad ; the first recorded rudimentary steam engine being the aeolipile described by greek mathematician hero of alexandria . <SEP> what ?
newcastle store bainbridge 's , opened in 1838 , is often cited as the world ’ s first department store . <SEP> what department store ?
the isolated subdivision was for years known as the " dogg pound " in reference to a local gang , and as of late 2008 was still known for high levels of violent crime . <SEP> what area of brookhaven ?
in tibetan buddhism the teachers of dharma in tibet are most commonly called a lama . <SEP> what ?
he had the theses checked for heresy and in december 1517 forwarded them to rome . <SEP> when ?
similarly , algorithms can solve the np-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes in less than quadratic time and sat solvers routinely handle large instances of the np-complete boolean satisfiability problem . <SEP> what ?
there are many forms of spiritual or religious teachers in christianity , across all three major traditions - ( roman ) catholic , ( eastern ) orthodox catholic , and protestant/non-denominational , with a stronger tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical christian traditions with a long tradition of " discernment of spirits " , of vocations , and other aspects of spiritual life , especially the roman and orthodox catholic churches . <SEP> what ?
the negotiations were successfully concluded on 17 february 1546. after 8 a.m. , he experienced chest pains . <SEP> what ?
with an estimated completion date of 2020 , the barack obama presidential center will be housed at the university and include both the obama presidential library and offices of the obama foundation . <SEP> in what year ?
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales . <SEP> where ?
once successfully completed , " provisional registration " is given by the gtcs which is raised to " full registration " status after a year if there is sufficient evidence to show that the " standard for full registration " has been met . <SEP> how long until the provisional registration ?
it consists of filaments about 5 nanometers across , arranged in rows 6.4 nanometers apart , and shrinks to squeeze the chloroplast . <SEP> how large ?
base titanium , a subsidiary of base resources of australia , shipped its first major consignment of minerals to china . <SEP> where ?
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality . <SEP> what ?
he read many books while in tomingaj , and later said that mark twain 's works had helped him to miraculously recover from his earlier illness . <SEP> whose works ?
many famous potters , such as josiah wedgwood , william de morgan and bernard leach as well as mintons & royal doulton are represented in the collection . <SEP> which three famous british potters ?
some forms of civil disobedience , such as illegal boycotts , refusals to pay taxes , draft dodging , distributed denial-of-service attacks , and sit-ins , make it more difficult for a system to function . <SEP> what ?
seismologists can use the arrival times of seismic waves in reverse to image the interior of the earth . <SEP> what types of waves ?
mitsubishi rebranded its forte as the dodge d-50 a few years after the oil crisis . <SEP> what ?
virgin media has claimed that other hd channels were " locked up " or otherwise withheld from their platform , although virgin media did in fact have an option to carry channel 4 hd in the future . <SEP> what ?
newcastle is a member of the english core cities group and is a member of the eurocities network of european cities . <SEP> what network ?
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) . <SEP> which sport ?
through experimentation , it is determined that laboratory measurements of forces are fully consistent with the conceptual definition of force offered by newtonian mechanics . <SEP> what ?
before the return of the collections after the war , the britain can make it exhibition was held between september and november 1946 , attracting nearly a million and a half visitors . <SEP> how many visitors ?
[ citation needed ] his lab was torn down in 1904 , and its contents were sold two years later to satisfy a debt . <SEP> what ?
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution . <SEP> what abc division ?
" on the other hand , markets can also concentrate wealth , pass environmental costs on to society , and abuse workers and consumers . " <SEP> what ?
the first commercially available audiobook was an abridged reading of the fourth doctor story state of decay in 1981. in 1988 , during a hiatus in the television show , slipback , the first radio drama , was transmitted . <SEP> in what year ?
tibetan art from the 14th to the 19th century is represented by notable 14th- and 15th-century religious images in wood and bronze , scroll paintings and ritual objects . <SEP> tibetan art from which period ?
but two days out , a liquid oxygen tank exploded , disabling the service module and forcing the crew to use the lm as a " life boat " to return to earth . <SEP> what ?
juzjani suggests that the disagreement arose from a quarrel between jochi and his brothers in the siege of urgench . <SEP> which territory ?
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill . <SEP> who ?
earlier papers studying problems solvable by turing machines with specific bounded resources include john myhill 's definition of linear bounded automata ( myhill 1960 ) , raymond smullyan 's study of rudimentary sets ( 1961 ) , as well as hisao yamada 's paper on real-time computations ( 1962 ) . <SEP> in what year ?
for example , in steymann v staatssecretaris van justitie , a german man claimed the right to residence in the netherlands , while he volunteered plumbing and household duties in the bhagwan community , which provided for everyone 's material needs irrespective of their contributions . <SEP> in which case ?
incorporated first by henry ii , the city had a new charter granted by elizabeth in 1589. a 25-foot ( 7.6 m ) high stone wall was built around the town in the 13th century , to defend it from invaders during the border war against scotland . <SEP> how high ?
atp synthase uses the energy from the flowing hydrogen ions to phosphorylate adenosine diphosphate into adenosine triphosphate , or atp . <SEP> what ?
the effect of economic growth on poverty reduction – the growth elasticity of poverty – can depend on the existing level of inequality . <SEP> what ?
temüjin hastily gathered together his followers to defend against the attack , but he was decisively beaten in the battle of dalan balzhut . <SEP> which battle ?
the simplest valve gears give events of fixed length during the engine cycle and often make the engine rotate in only one direction . <SEP> of what length ?
the united methodist church is organized into conferences . <SEP> what church ?
on april 21 , 2004 , disney announced a restructuring of its disney media networks division with anne sweeney being named president of abc parent disney–abc television group , and espn president george bodenheimer becoming co-ceo of the division with sweeney , as well as president of abc sports . <SEP> who ?
because of their soft , gelatinous bodies , ctenophores are extremely rare as fossils , and fossils that have been interpreted as ctenophores have been found only in lagerstätten , places where the environment was exceptionally suited to preservation of soft tissue . <SEP> why ?
the role of committees is stronger in the scottish parliament than in other parliamentary systems , partly as a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the government and partly to compensate for the fact that there is no revising chamber . <SEP> what ?
conversely , non-self molecules are those recognized as foreign molecules . <SEP> what molecules ?
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict . <SEP> what terminology ?
while the preparation of the assessment reports is a major ipcc function , it also supports other activities , such as the data distribution centre and the national greenhouse gas inventories programme , required under the unfccc . <SEP> what other activities ?
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars . <SEP> where ?
in the u.s. federal health care system ( including the va , the indian health service , and nih ) ambulatory care pharmacists are given full independent prescribing authority . <SEP> what entities ?
annual tuition fees at k-12 schools range from nothing at so called 'tuition-free ' schools to more than $ 45,000 at several new england preparatory schools . <SEP> what ?
" markets , by themselves , even when they are stable , often lead to high levels of inequality , outcomes that are widely viewed as unfair . " <SEP> what type of outcomes ?
the color was unofficially adopted ( in preference to magenta ) by an 1875 vote of the student body , although the association with some form of red can be traced back to 1858 , when charles william eliot , a young graduate student who would later become harvard 's 21st and longest-serving president ( 1869–1909 ) , bought red bandanas for his crew so they could more easily be distinguished by spectators at a regatta . <SEP> when ?
on april 1 , 1963 , abc debuted the soap opera general hospital , which would go on to become the television network 's long-running entertainment program . <SEP> when ?
huguenot numbers peaked near an estimated two million by 1562 , concentrated mainly in the southern and central parts of france , about one-eighth the number of french catholics . <SEP> where ?
in some states such north carolina and new mexico these pharmacist clinicians are given collaborative prescriptive and diagnostic authority . <SEP> in what states ?
dendritic cells serve as a link between the bodily tissues and the innate and adaptive immune systems , as they present antigens to t cells , one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system . <SEP> what ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall . <SEP> in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students ?
however , kgo-tv in san francisco , which had received its license prior to the freeze , made its debut on may 5 , 1949. on may 7 , 1949 , billboard revealed that abc had proposed an investment of $ 6.25 million , of which it would spend $ 2.5 million to convert 20 acres ( 80,937 m2 ) of land in hollywood into what would become the prospect studios , and construct a transmitter on mount wilson , in anticipation of the launch of keca-tv , which was scheduled to begin operations on august 1 ( but would not actually sign on until september 16 ) . <SEP> where ?
abc 's other owned-and-operated stations launched over the course of the next 13 months : wenr-tv in chicago signed on the air on september 17 , while wxyz-tv in detroit went on the air on october 9 , 1948. in october 1948 , as a result of an influx of television station license applications that it had issued as well as a study it undertook on the use of the vhf spectrum for broadcasting purposes , the fcc implemented a freeze on new station applications . <SEP> when ?
in some places , there are large compensation pools , for example the huge bassin de compensation de plobsheim in alsace . <SEP> what ?
shi tianze was a han chinese who lived in the jin dynasty . <SEP> what ethnicity ?
a second period of international expansion is linked to that of the espn network in the 1990s , and policies enacted in the 2000s by disney media networks ( which included the expansion of several of the company 's u.s.-based cable networks including disney channel and its spinoffs toon disney , playhouse disney and jetix ; although disney also sold its 33 % stake in european sports channel eurosport for $ 155 million in june 2000 ) . <SEP> how much ?
a platted town was established there in 1822 , a year after the united states gained florida from spain ; it was named after andrew jackson , the first military governor of the florida territory and seventh president of the united states . <SEP> what historical figure ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> who ?
the bbc believed that many viewers had missed this introduction to a new series due to the coverage of the assassination , as well as a series of power blackouts across the country , and they broadcast it again on 30 november 1963 , just before episode two . <SEP> what other event ?
early techniques relied mainly on the observation that hydrophilic amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions than hydrophobic amino acids ; however , more recent developments rely on machine learning techniques using databases of existing known epitopes , usually on well-studied virus proteins , as a training set . <SEP> what kind of amino acids ?
in konsumentombudsmannen v de agostini the court of justice reviewed swedish bans on advertising to children under age 12 , and misleading commercials for skin care products . <SEP> in which case ?
when yesün temür died in shangdu in 1328 , tugh temür was recalled to khanbaliq by the qipchaq commander el temür . <SEP> where ?
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists . <SEP> who ?
the most common dinophyte chloroplast is the peridinin-type chloroplast , characterized by the carotenoid pigment peridinin in their chloroplasts , along with chlorophyll a and chlorophyll c2 . <SEP> where ?
in the fall of 1937 , after midnight one night , tesla left the hotel new yorker to make his regular commute to the cathedral and the library to feed the pigeons . <SEP> what ?
the french protestant church of london was established by royal charter in 1550. it is now located at soho square . <SEP> what ?
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game . <SEP> how many ?
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage . <SEP> what ?
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea . <SEP> what ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> how old ?
john paul ii 's visits to his native country in 1979 and 1983 brought support to the budding solidarity movement and encouraged the growing anti-communist fervor there . <SEP> what pope ?
they store co2 in a four-carbon compound , which is why the process is called c4 photosynthesis . <SEP> what ?
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal " sea gooseberry , " pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round . <SEP> what ?
chloroplasts alone make almost all of a plant cell 's amino acids in their stroma except the sulfur-containing ones like cysteine and methionine . <SEP> which amino acids ?
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network . <SEP> what ?
his theology challenged the authority and office of the pope by teaching that the bible is the only source of divinely revealed knowledge from god and opposed sacerdotalism by considering all baptized christians to be a holy priesthood . <SEP> whose authority ?
in 2004 , the v & a alongside royal institute of british architects opened the first permanent gallery in the uk covering the history of architecture with displays using models , photographs , elements from buildings and original drawings . <SEP> in which year ?
gandhi 's acts have been described as revolutionary civil disobedience . <SEP> what ?
when kennedy 's newly appointed nasa administrator james e. webb requested a 30 percent budget increase for his agency , kennedy supported an acceleration of nasa 's large booster program but deferred a decision on the broader issue . <SEP> who ?
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin . <SEP> about what year ?
phosphorylation helps many proteins bind the polypeptide , keeping it from folding prematurely . <SEP> what ?
first , if a directive 's deadline for implementation is not met , the member state can not enforce conflicting laws , and a citizen may rely on the directive in such an action ( so called " vertical " direct effect ) . <SEP> what ?
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game . <SEP> who ?
in addition , they perform analog and numerical experiments of rock deformation in large and small settings . <SEP> what kind of experiments of rock deformation ?
hans hillerbrand writes that luther had no intention of confronting the church , but saw his disputation as a scholarly objection to church practices , and the tone of the writing is accordingly " searching , rather than doctrinaire . " <SEP> who ?
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown . <SEP> how many turnovers ?
some are simultaneous hermaphrodites , which can produce both eggs and sperm at the same time . <SEP> what ?
the education service contracting scheme of the government provides financial assistance for tuition and other school fees of students turned away from public high schools because of enrollment overflows . <SEP> what ?
in 1854 at ballarat there was an armed rebellion against the government of victoria by miners protesting against mining taxes ( the " eureka stockade " ) . <SEP> what ?
the old truman brewery , then known as the black eagle brewery , was founded in 1724. the flight of huguenot refugees from tours , france drew off most of the workers of its great silk mills which they had built . <SEP> when ?
the owner selects the ideas he or she likes best and hires the appropriate contractor . <SEP> who ?
in principle , this means that any significant new evidence or events that change our understanding of climate science between this deadline and publication of an ipcc report can not be included . <SEP> who ?
in the u.s. federal health care system ( including the va , the indian health service , and nih ) ambulatory care pharmacists are given full independent prescribing authority . <SEP> what type of authority ?
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game . <SEP> what ?
to date , an estimated 438,000 species of plants of economic and social interest have been registered in the region with many more remaining to be discovered or catalogued . <SEP> how many plant species ?
historically , the methodist church has supported the temperance movement . <SEP> which ?
in almost all countries teachers are educated in a university or college . <SEP> where ?
also , in the 100 greatest kids ' tv shows ( a channel 4 countdown in 2001 ) , the 1963–1989 run was placed at number eight . <SEP> what rank ?
the image of the tardis has become firmly linked to the show in the public 's consciousness ; bbc scriptwriter anthony coburn , who lived in the resort of herne bay , kent , was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine . <SEP> what image ?
the commission 's president ( currently an ex-luxembourg prime minister , jean-claude juncker ) sets the agenda for the eu 's work . <SEP> who ?
though the majority of art works on display date from the ming and qing dynasties , there are exquisite examples of objects dating from the tang dynasty and earlier periods . <SEP> which ?
the writers guild of america strike that halted production of network programs for much of the 2007–08 season affected the network in 2007–08 and 2008–09 , as various abc shows that premiered in 2007 , such as dirty sexy money , pushing daisies , eli stone and samantha who ? , did not live to see a third season ; other series such as boston legal and the u.s. version of life on mars suffered from low viewership , despite the former , a spin off of the practice , being a once-highlighted breakout series when it debuted in 2005. one of the network 's strike-replacement programs during that time was the game show duel , which premiered in december 2007. the program would become a minor success for the network during its initial six-episode run , which led abc to renew duel as a regular series starting in april 2008. however , duel suffered from low viewership during its run as a regular series , and abc canceled the program after sixteen episodes . <SEP> what ?
a third , minor subtype are the γδ t cells that recognize intact antigens that are not bound to mhc receptors . <SEP> what class of t cells ?
in january 2010 bskyb discontinued the sky+ box , limited the standard sky box to multiroom upgrade only and started to issue the sky+hd box as standard , thus giving all new subscribers the functions of sky+ . <SEP> when ?
finally , the 1996 television film premièred on 12 may 1996 on citv in edmonton , canada , 15 days before the bbc one showing , and two days before it aired on fox in the united states . <SEP> how many days ?
there are many bars on the bigg market , and other popular areas for nightlife are collingwood street , popularly referred to as the 'diamond strip ' due to its concentration of high-end bars , neville street , the central station area and osborne road in the jesmond area of the city . <SEP> what ?
hence , the ground state of the o 2 molecule is referred to as triplet oxygen . <SEP> how ?
the concept of legal certainty is recognised one of the general principles of european union law by the european court of justice since the 1960s . <SEP> how long ?
the primary difference is the method by which the medications are requested and received . <SEP> what ?
endosymbiotic gene transfer is how we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages . <SEP> what shows us ?
they also settled elsewhere in kent , particularly sandwich , faversham and maidstone—towns in which there used to be refugee churches . <SEP> what other english towns ?
all clergy appointments are made and fixed annually by the resident bishop on the advice of the annual conference cabinet , which is composed of the area provost/dean ( if one is appointed ) and the several district superintendents of the districts of the annual conference . <SEP> what ?
american foreign policy was denounced as a " racket " by smedley butler , an american general . <SEP> what ?
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971. as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973. the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over and continued to play the character until doctor who 's hiatus in 1989. the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts . <SEP> who ?
members of the genus haeckelia prey on jellyfish and incorporate their prey 's nematocysts ( stinging cells ) into their own tentacles instead of colloblasts . <SEP> what animal ?
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game . <SEP> what brand ?
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 . <SEP> for which abc movie of the week film ?
despite that the warsaw university of technology building ( 1899–1902 ) is the most interesting of the late 19th-century architecture . <SEP> what building ?
in 1656 , the plague killed about half of naples ' 300,000 inhabitants . <SEP> how many ?
the television network has eight owned-and-operated and over 232 affiliated television stations throughout the united states and its territories . <SEP> how many affiliated stations ?
as a result , tibetan buddhism was established as the de facto state religion . <SEP> what ?
linebacker brandon marshall led the team in total tackles with 109 , while danny trevathan ranked second with 102. cornerbacks aqib talib ( three interceptions ) and chris harris , jr. ( two interceptions ) were the other two pro bowl selections from the defense . <SEP> which linebacker ?
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) . <SEP> who ?
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) . <SEP> what ?
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks . <SEP> what company ?
tesla did , however , attend lectures at the university , although , as an auditor , he did not receive grades for the courses . <SEP> how ?
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports . <SEP> what ranking in terms of busiest airports from international passenger volume ?
the young are generally planktonic and in most species look like miniature cydippids , gradually changing into their adult shapes as they grow . <SEP> what ?
the invasion failed both militarily and politically , as pitt again planned significant campaigns against new france , and sent funds to britain 's ally on the mainland , prussia , and the french navy failed in the 1759 naval battles at lagos and quiberon bay . <SEP> what naval battles ?
the earth 's mantle , of much larger mass than the crust , is largely composed of silicates of magnesium and iron . <SEP> what part of the earth ?
a number of researchers ( david rodda , jacob vigdor , and janna matlack ) , argue that a shortage of affordable housing – at least in the us – is caused in part by income inequality . <SEP> what ?
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) . <SEP> what ?
the teacher may interact with students of different ages , from infants to adults , students with different abilities and students with learning disabilities . <SEP> what type of disability ?
wbt will also simulcast the game on its sister station wbt-fm ( 99.3 fm ) , which is based in chester , south carolina . <SEP> in what city ?
its main component is a statocyst , a balance sensor consisting of a statolith , a solid particle supported on four bundles of cilia , called " balancers " , that sense its orientation . <SEP> what ?
the system limited the price of " old oil " ( that which had already been discovered ) while allowing newly discovered oil to be sold at a higher price to encourage investment . <SEP> why ?
started by telecom australia in the early 1980s , austpac was australia 's first public packet-switched data network , supporting applications such as on-line betting , financial applications — the australian tax office made use of austpac — and remote terminal access to academic institutions , who maintained their connections to austpac up until the mid-late 1990s in some cases . <SEP> what ?
the uk subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the agreement on social policy , the 1994 works council directive , which required workforce consultation in businesses , and the 1996 parental leave directive . <SEP> which directive ?
fresno is the largest u.s. city not directly linked to an interstate highway . <SEP> which ?
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> why else ?
there are also categories for construction service firms ( e.g. , engineering , architecture ) and construction managers ( firms engaged in managing construction projects without assuming direct financial responsibility for completion of the construction project ) . <SEP> what ?
several thousand major and non-major undergraduates enroll annually in creative and performing arts classes . <SEP> how many students ?
phillips ' superior officer bernard a. schriever agreed to loan phillips to nasa , along with a staff of officers under him , on the condition that phillips be made apollo program director . <SEP> what ?
the mongol custom of long standing quda/marriage alliance with mongol clans , the onggirat , and the ikeres , kept the imperial blood purely mongol until the reign of tugh temur , whose mother was a tangut concubine . <SEP> which ?
first , linebacker shaq thompson tackled ronnie hillman for a 3-yard loss . <SEP> who ?
hayri abaza argues the failure to distinguish between islam and islamism leads many in the west to support illiberal islamic regimes , to the detriment of progressive moderates who seek to separate religion from politics . <SEP> what ?
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period . <SEP> how old ?
it is culturally diverse and also includes significant mexican-american and asian-american ( principally hmong or laotian ) populations . <SEP> what ?
the essence is there are three readings , starting with a commission proposal , where the parliament must vote by a majority of all meps ( not just those present ) to block or suggest changes , and the council must vote by qualified majority to approve changes , but by unanimity to block commission amendment . <SEP> what type of vote ?
one of them is goldbach 's conjecture , which asserts that every even integer n greater than 2 can be written as a sum of two primes . <SEP> which conjecture ?
still , abc 's limited reach would continue to hobble it for the next two decades ; several smaller markets would not grow large enough to support a full-time abc affiliate until the 1960s , with some very small markets having to wait as late as the 1980s or even the advent of digital television in the 2000s , which allowed stations like wtrf-tv in wheeling , west virginia to begin airing abc programming on a digital subchannel after airing the network 's programs outside of recommended timeslots decades before . <SEP> what ?
however he can not do so until a 4-week period has elapsed , during which the law officers of the scottish government or uk government can refer the bill to the supreme court of the united kingdom for a ruling on whether it is within the powers of the parliament . <SEP> who ?
the delay in the csm caused by the fire enabled nasa to catch up on man-rating the lm and saturn v. apollo 4 ( as-501 ) was the first unmanned flight of the saturn v , carrying a block i csm on november 9 , 1967. the capability of the command module 's heat shield to survive a trans-lunar reentry was demonstrated by using the service module engine to ram it into the atmosphere at higher than the usual earth-orbital reentry speed . <SEP> what ?
he explained his concept of " justification " in the smalcald articles : <SEP> where ?
in addition , in terms of function , the inner chloroplast membrane , which regulates metabolite passage and synthesizes some materials , has no counterpart in the mitochondrion . <SEP> what part of chloroplasts ?
the final major evolution of the steam engine design was the use of steam turbines starting in the late part of the 19th century . <SEP> what ?
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock . <SEP> who ?
cbs introduced new features during the telecast , including pylon cameras and microphones along with eyevision 360—an array of 36 cameras along the upper deck that can be used to provide a 360-degree view of plays and " bullet time " effects . <SEP> how many cameras ?
t-cells have a symbiotic relationship with vitamin d. not only does the t-cell extend a vitamin d receptor , in essence asking to bind to the steroid hormone version of vitamin d , calcitriol , but the t-cell expresses the gene cyp27b1 , which is the gene responsible for converting the pre-hormone version of vitamin d , calcidiol into the steroid hormone version , calcitriol . <SEP> what ?
newcastle upon tyne ( rp : i/ˌnjuːkɑːsəl əˌpɒn ˈtaɪn/ ; locally : i/njuːˌkæsəl əˌpən ˈtaɪn/ ) , commonly known as newcastle , is a city in tyne and wear , north east england , 103 miles ( 166 km ) south of edinburgh and 277 miles ( 446 km ) north of london on the northern bank of the river tyne , 8.5 mi ( 13.7 km ) from the north sea . <SEP> how many miles from the north sea ?
many chinese miners worked in victoria , and their legacy is particularly strong in bendigo and its environs . <SEP> where ?
the act delineates the legislative competence of the parliament – the areas in which it can make laws – by explicitly specifying powers that are " reserved " to the parliament of the united kingdom . <SEP> what ?
economist simon kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development . <SEP> what ?
genghis khan united the mongol and turkic tribes of the steppes and became great khan in 1206. he and his successors expanded the mongol empire across asia . <SEP> which tribes ?
for every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.3 males . <SEP> how many men older than 18 ?
pushing against an object on a frictional surface can result in a situation where the object does not move because the applied force is opposed by static friction , generated between the object and the table surface . <SEP> what ?
torque is the rotation equivalent of force in the same way that angle is the rotational equivalent for position , angular velocity for velocity , and angular momentum for momentum . <SEP> what ?
roman catholics form the single largest religious group in the state with 26.7 % of the victorian population , followed by anglicans and members of the uniting church . <SEP> how many ?
the most significant buildings are st. john 's cathedral ( 14th century ) , the temple is a typical example of the so-called masovian gothic style , st. mary 's church ( 1411 ) , a town house of burbach family ( 14th century ) , gunpowder tower ( after 1379 ) and the royal castle curia maior ( 1407–1410 ) . <SEP> when ?
the french wars of religion in the 16th century and french revolution in the 18th successively destroyed much of what existed in the way of the architectural and artistic remnant of this norman creativity . <SEP> when ?
scientists at the brazilian national institute of amazonian research argue in the article that this drought response , coupled with the effects of deforestation on regional climate , are pushing the rainforest towards a " tipping point " where it would irreversibly start to die . <SEP> what organization ?
in this respect it is noteworthy that the bbc takes no position on the canonicity of any of such stories , and producers of the show have expressed distaste for the idea . <SEP> who ?
lagerlof and galor stated that gender inequality in education can result to low economic growth , and continued gender inequality in education , thus creating a poverty trap . <SEP> what ?
in 1861 , tesla attended the " lower " or " primary " school in smiljan where he studied german , arithmetic , and religion . <SEP> what language ?
some of the other allocution speeches given by the protesters complained about mistreatment from government officials . <SEP> what type of treatment ?
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck . <SEP> what ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas . <SEP> what ?
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription . <SEP> in which war ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> who ?
death wish coffee beat out nine other contenders from across the united states for the free advertisement . <SEP> how many other contestants ?
in general , each of these project structures allows the owner to integrate the services of architects , interior designers , engineers and constructors throughout design and construction . <SEP> of who ?
courts have distinguished between two types of civil disobedience : " indirect civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not , itself , the object of protest , whereas direct civil disobedience involves protesting the existence of a particular law by breaking that law . " <SEP> when ?
this is termed cyclic photophosphorylation because the electrons are recycled . <SEP> in what process ?
since the peace of westphalia , the upper rhine formed a contentious border between france and germany . <SEP> what ?
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche . <SEP> in which year ?
while most chloroplasts originate from that first set of endosymbiotic events , paulinella chromatophora is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently . <SEP> where ?
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return . <SEP> what tv station ?
this and other experiments on combustion were documented in his book sur la combustion en général , which was published in 1777. in that work , he proved that air is a mixture of two gases ; 'vital air ' , which is essential to combustion and respiration , and azote ( gk . <SEP> what second part of air ?
similarly , algorithms can solve the np-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes in less than quadratic time and sat solvers routinely handle large instances of the np-complete boolean satisfiability problem . <SEP> what ?
this early part of luther 's career was one of his most creative and productive . <SEP> what part of luther 's career ?
the rhine flows into it from the south following the swiss-austrian border . <SEP> which border ?
from december 1539 , luther became implicated in the bigamy of philip i , landgrave of hesse , who wanted to marry one of his wife 's ladies-in-waiting . <SEP> who ?
when voting takes place it is weighted inversely to member state size , so smaller member states are not dominated by larger member states . <SEP> how ?
drawing from greek and indian scientific literature that were not destroyed by the muslim conquests , the persian scholar ibn sina ( avicenna , 981–1037 ) proposed detailed explanations for the formation of mountains , the origin of earthquakes , and other topics central to modern geology , which provided an essential foundation for the later development of the science . <SEP> what ?
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923. during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa . <SEP> when ?
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles . <SEP> who ?
on 11 july 1934 , the new york herald tribune published an article on tesla , in which he recalled an event that would occasionally take place while experimenting with his single-electrode vacuum tubes ; a minute particle would break off the cathode , pass out of the tube , and physically strike him . <SEP> what ?
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells . <SEP> where ?
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting . <SEP> who ?
it extended its operations to television in 1948 , following in the footsteps of established broadcast networks cbs and nbc . <SEP> when ?
roussel de bailleul even tried to carve out an independent state in asia minor with support from the local population , but he was stopped by the byzantine general alexius komnenos . <SEP> who ?
concluded in 2011 " that the black death in medieval europe was caused by a variant of y. pestis that may no longer exist . " <SEP> what ?
cryptophyte chloroplasts contain a nucleomorph that superficially resembles that of the chlorarachniophytes . <SEP> what part of cryptophyte chloroplasts ?
when the interstate highway system was created in the 1950s , the decision was made to build what is now interstate 5 on the west side of the central valley , and thus bypass many of the population centers in the region , instead of upgrading what is now state route 99. due to rapidly raising population and traffic in cities along sr 99 , as well as the desirability of federal funding , much discussion has been made to upgrade it to interstate standards and eventually incorporate it into the interstate system , most likely as interstate 9. major improvements to signage , lane width , median separation , vertical clearance , and other concerns are currently underway . <SEP> which state ?
nasa awarded all 32 of these astronauts its highest honor , the distinguished service medal , given for " distinguished service , ability , or courage " , and personal " contribution representing substantial progress to the nasa mission " . <SEP> how many astronauts ?
a u.s. census 's report stated that in us once other factors are accounted for there is still a difference in earnings between women and men . <SEP> what ?
dendritic cells ( dc ) are phagocytes in tissues that are in contact with the external environment ; therefore , they are located mainly in the skin , nose , lungs , stomach , and intestines . <SEP> what ?
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity . <SEP> what ?
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network . <SEP> what ?
during this period the university , like shimer college and 10 others , adopted an early entrant program that allowed very young students to attend college ; in addition , students enrolled at shimer were enabled to transfer automatically to the university of chicago after their second year , having taken comparable or identical examinations and courses . <SEP> what ?
oxygen is more soluble in water than nitrogen is . <SEP> what component of water ?
analysis of a silicon wafer exposed to the solar wind in space and returned by the crashed genesis spacecraft has shown that the sun has a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than does the earth . <SEP> what molecule ?
in the 1530s and 1540s , printed images of luther that emphasized his monumental size were crucial to the spread of protestantism . <SEP> when ?
the city leaders opened the gates to the mongols , though a unit of turkish defenders held the city 's citadel for another twelve days . <SEP> who ?
exactly 12 months later on 12 december 1964 , kenya became a republic under the name " republic of kenya " . <SEP> what ?
surveys of plague pit remains in france and england indicate the first variant entered europe through the port of marseille around november 1347 and spread through france over the next two years , eventually reaching england in the spring of 1349 , where it spread through the country in three epidemics . <SEP> when ?
the wedding was held on 12 may 1191 at the chapel of st. george and it was attended by richard 's sister joan , whom he had brought from sicily . <SEP> what ?
oxygen is present in the atmosphere in trace quantities in the form of carbon dioxide ( co 2 ) . <SEP> in what compound ?
the companion figure – generally a human – has been a constant feature in doctor who since the programme 's inception in 1963. one of the roles of the companion is to remind the doctor of his " moral duty " . <SEP> what type of creature ?
glazing was placed over the historic arches and the victorian architecture was enhanced ; transforming the 19th century public portico . <SEP> what ?
the armed forces are regularly deployed in peacekeeping missions around the world . <SEP> what kind of missions ?
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many balls ?
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire . <SEP> how many ?
deacons give leadership , preach the word , contribute in worship , conduct marriages , bury the dead , and aid the church in embodying its mission within the world . <SEP> who ?
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott . <SEP> in what ?
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic . <SEP> what country ?
bacteria often overcome physical barriers by secreting enzymes that digest the barrier , for example , by using a type ii secretion system . <SEP> what kind of proteins ?
the port developed in the 16th century and , along with the shipyards lower down the river tyne , was amongst the world 's largest shipbuilding and ship-repairing centres . <SEP> what century ?
the network is headquartered on columbus avenue and west 66th street in manhattan , with additional major offices and production facilities in new york city , los angeles and burbank , california . <SEP> in what borough of new york city ?
ali bhutto , a leftist in democratic competition with islamists , had announced banning alcohol and nightclubs within six months , shortly before he was overthrown . <SEP> what ?
after the fortress fell , genghis supposedly reneged on his surrender terms and executed every soldier that had taken arms against him at samarkand . <SEP> how ?
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock . <SEP> which panther ?
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) . <SEP> what ?
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus . <SEP> whose work ?
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes . <SEP> what costumes collection ?
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports . <SEP> what ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> what ?
article 102 allows the european council to regulations to govern mergers between firms ( the current regulation is the regulation 139/2004/ec ) . <SEP> which article ?
proper safety equipment such as harnesses and guardrails and procedures such as securing ladders and inspecting scaffolding can curtail the risk of occupational injuries in the construction industry . <SEP> what ?
however , as one and the same valve usually controls both steam flows , a short cutoff at admission adversely affects the exhaust and compression periods which should ideally always be kept fairly constant ; if the exhaust event is too brief , the totality of the exhaust steam can not evacuate the cylinder , choking it and giving excessive compression ( " kick back " ) . <SEP> what ?
during periods of lower global temperatures , snow and rain from that evaporated water tends to be higher in oxygen-16 , and the seawater left behind tends to be higher in oxygen-18 . <SEP> what form of oxygen ?
notable extracurricular groups include the university of chicago college bowl team , which has won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships , leading both categories internationally . <SEP> what club ?
he tried to put these ideas to practical use in an ill-fated attempt at intercontinental wireless transmission , his unfinished wardenclyffe tower project . <SEP> where ?
for the successful execution of a project , effective planning is essential . <SEP> what ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> what florida stadium ?
ironmaster , metallurgist , and member of parliament isaac lowthian bell was born in the city in 1816. other notable people born in or associated with newcastle include : engineer and industrialist lord armstrong , engineer and father of the modern steam railways george stephenson , his son , also an engineer , robert stephenson , engineer and inventor of the steam turbine sir charles parsons , inventor of the incandescent light bulb sir joseph swan , modernist poet basil bunting , and lord chief justice peter taylor . <SEP> what ?
there was an attempt to withdraw the united methodist church membership in the religious coalition for reproductive choice at their general conference , held in may 2012 , with a petition that passed through the legislative subcommittee and committee votes , but was not given a floor vote . <SEP> in what year ?
both special reports were requested by governments . <SEP> why ?
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary . <SEP> what two radio stations ?
on 23 june 2005 , rep. joe barton , chairman of the house committee on energy and commerce wrote joint letters with ed whitfield , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations demanding full records on climate research , as well as personal information about their finances and careers , from mann , bradley and hughes . <SEP> when ?
a small , two-lane rural road for most of its length , kearney boulevard is lined with tall palm trees . <SEP> what kinds of trees ?
employers who offer a below market wage will find that their business is chronically understaffed . <SEP> what ?
their most distinctive feature is the ‘ combs ’ – groups of cilia which they use for swimming – they are the largest animals that swim by means of cilia . <SEP> what ?
paul revere was descended from huguenot refugees , as was henry laurens , who signed the articles of confederation for south carolina ; jack jouett , who made the ride from cuckoo tavern to warn thomas jefferson and others that tarleton and his men were on their way to arrest him for crimes against the king ; francis marion , and a number of other leaders of the american revolution and later statesmen . <SEP> what signer of the articles of confederation ?
the answer , from bryan davies was that the museum intended to preserve and care for the collection and keep it available to the public , with items being redistributed to the british galleries , the medieval & renaissance galleries , and the planned new galleries for furniture and europe 1600–1800 , and that the horniman museum and other institutions were possible candidates for loans of material to ensure that the instruments remained publicly viewable . <SEP> which member of parliament ?
thus , on 1 august 1944 , as the red army was nearing the city , the warsaw uprising began . <SEP> when ?
this category includes university-preparatory schools or " prep schools " , boarding schools and day schools . <SEP> what ?
luther 's hymn , adapted and expanded from an earlier german creedal hymn , gained widespread use in vernacular lutheran liturgies as early as 1525. sixteenth-century lutheran hymnals also included " wir glauben all " among the catechetical hymns , although 18th-century hymnals tended to label the hymn as trinitarian rather than catechetical , and 20th-century lutherans rarely use the hymn because of the perceived difficulty of its tune . <SEP> why ?
wittenberg became even more volatile after christmas when a band of visionary zealots , the so-called zwickau prophets , arrived , preaching revolutionary doctrines such as the equality of man , adult baptism , and christ 's imminent return . <SEP> what group ?
price controls exacerbated the crisis in the us . <SEP> what ?
the fully informed jury association 's publication " a primer for prospective jurors " notes , " think of the dilemma faced by german citizens when hitler 's secret police demanded to know if they were hiding a jew in their house . " <SEP> what dilemma ?
in other words , to phrase matters more technically , the laws of physics are the same in every inertial frame of reference , that is , in all frames related by a galilean transformation . <SEP> what ?
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram . <SEP> what ?
pharmacy informatics is the combination of pharmacy practice science and applied information science . <SEP> what two things ?
it was not until the late 1950s that the abc network became a serious contender to nbc and cbs , and this was in large part due to the diverse range of programming that met the expectations of the public , such as westerns and detective series . <SEP> what kind of programs ?
his last sermon was delivered at eisleben , his place of birth , on 15 february 1546 , three days before his death . <SEP> when ?
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick . <SEP> how thick ?
by contrast , male sex hormones such as testosterone seem to be immunosuppressive . <SEP> what ?
in an interview with newspaper editor arthur brisbane , tesla said that he did not believe in telepathy , stating , " suppose i made up my mind to murder you , " he said , " in a second you would know it . <SEP> what ?
plotting the relationship between level of income and inequality , kuznets saw middle-income developing economies level of inequality bulging out to form what is now known as the kuznets curve . <SEP> what ?
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union . <SEP> what building ?
in 1844 , the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences because of tensions over slavery and the power of bishops in the denomination . <SEP> why ?
hamas has continued to be a major player in palestine . <SEP> what organization ?
warsaw lies in east-central poland about 300 km ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains and about 260 km ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea , 523 km ( 325 mi ) east of berlin , germany . <SEP> how many miles east of berlin ?
ergänzungsschulen are secondary or post-secondary ( non-tertiary ) schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or rarely , religious groups and offer a type of education which is not available at public schools . <SEP> what ?
fully informed jury association activists have sometimes handed out educational leaflets inside courthouses despite admonitions not to ; according to fija , many of them have escaped prosecution because " prosecutors have reasoned ( correctly ) that if they arrest fully informed jury leafleters , the leaflets will have to be given to the leafleter 's own jury as evidence . " <SEP> why ?
spain ceded florida to the british in 1763 after the french and indian war , and the british soon constructed the king 's road connecting st. augustine to georgia . <SEP> after what event ?
in 1983 , for the 40th anniversary of the network 's founding , id sequences had the logo appear in a gold cgi design on a blue background , accompanied by the slogan " that special feeling " in a script font . <SEP> what slogan ?
it was renamed abc motion pictures in 1979 ; the unit was dissolved in 1985. the studio also operated two subsidiaries , palomar pictures international and selmur pictures . <SEP> when ?
one of the great geographical treatises of the middle ages , the " tabula rogeriana " , was written by the andalusian al-idrisi for king roger ii of sicily , and entitled " kitab rudjdjar " ( " the book of roger " ) . <SEP> what ?
somewhere around a billion years ago , a free-living cyanobacterium entered an early eukaryotic cell , either as food or as an internal parasite , but managed to escape the phagocytic vacuole it was contained in . <SEP> what kind of cell ?
the election produced a majority snp government , making this the first time in the scottish parliament where a party has commanded a parliamentary majority . <SEP> when ?
charles avison , the leading british composer of concertos in the 18th century , was born in newcastle upon tyne in 1709 and died there in 1770. basil hume , archbishop of westminster , was born in the city in 1923. vice admiral cuthbert collingwood , 1st baron collingwood , was born in the city . <SEP> what year ?
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent . <SEP> what ?
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution . <SEP> what ?
because oil was priced in dollars , oil producers ' real income decreased . <SEP> why ?
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot . <SEP> who ?
former prime minister of thailand abhisit vejjajiva , was born in the city . <SEP> what country ?
later , in 1901 , oxyacetylene welding was demonstrated for the first time by burning a mixture of acetylene and compressed o 2. this method of welding and cutting metal later became common . <SEP> what welding process ?
lately , there has been controversy in kenyan athletics circles , with the defection of a number of kenyan athletes to represent other countries , chiefly bahrain and qatar . <SEP> why ?
left untreated , of those that contract the bubonic plague , 80 percent die within eight days . <SEP> what percent of untreated victims of the ?
the concert aired on bbci on christmas day 2006. a doctor who prom was celebrated on 27 july 2008 in the royal albert hall as part of the annual bbc proms . <SEP> when ?
others are sequential hermaphrodites , in which the eggs and sperm mature at different times . <SEP> what ?
the prince of płock , bolesław ii of masovia , established this settlement , the modern-day warsaw , in about 1300. in the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the dukes of masovia , becoming the official capital of masovian duchy in 1413 . <SEP> in what year ?
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent . <SEP> when ?
this is called antigenic variation . <SEP> what ?
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced . <SEP> in what year ?
the images were from tapes in australia , the cbs news archive , and kinescope recordings made at johnson space center . <SEP> what types of recordings at johnson space center ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> what actress ?
in 1938 , the fcc began a series of investigations into the practices of radio networks and published its report on the broadcasting of network radio programs in 1940. the report recommended that rca give up control of either nbc red or nbc blue . <SEP> in what year ?
to avoid confusing or upsetting the people , luther avoided extreme change . <SEP> what ?
however , there was a riot at buckland valley near bright in 1857. conditions on the gold fields were cramped and unsanitary ; an outbreak of typhoid at buckland valley in 1854 killed over 1,000 miners . <SEP> how many miners ?
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert . <SEP> who ?
articles 106 and 107 provide that member state 's right to deliver public services may not be obstructed , but that otherwise public enterprises must adhere to the same competition principles as companies . <SEP> which articles ?
depending on the value of the spin , identical particles split into two different classes , fermions and bosons . <SEP> what value ?
the luther bible influenced other vernacular translations , such as william tyndale 's english bible ( 1525 forward ) , a precursor of the king james bible . <SEP> whose english translation of the bible ?
as a result , these disruptions can lead to an increase in chronic conditions such as heart disease , chronic pain , and asthma . <SEP> what chronic conditions ?
the french population numbered about 75,000 and was heavily concentrated along the st. lawrence river valley , with some also in acadia ( present-day new brunswick and parts of nova scotia , including île royale ( present-day cape breton island ) ) . <SEP> where ?
however , chivas were suspended following the 2014 mls season , with a second mls team scheduled to return in 2018 . <SEP> when ?
not until 1798 was henry cavendish able to make the first measurement of using a torsion balance ; this was widely reported in the press as a measurement of the mass of the earth since knowing could allow one to solve for the earth 's mass given the above equation . <SEP> when ?
the property of being prime ( or not ) is called primality . <SEP> what ?
with the beginning of the new era , the after stalin period called the " thaw " , in the late 1950s , the new political leader nikita khrushchev put even more pressure on the soviet-american relations starting a new wave of anti-imperialist propaganda . <SEP> who ?
they are sometimes called blue-green algae even though they are prokaryotes . <SEP> how ?
tesla 's friend , julian hawthorne , wrote , " seldom did one meet a scientist or engineer who was also a poet , a philosopher , an appreciator of fine music , a linguist , and a connoisseur of food and drink . <SEP> what ?
in 2004 , the v & a alongside royal institute of british architects opened the first permanent gallery in the uk covering the history of architecture with displays using models , photographs , elements from buildings and original drawings . <SEP> which institution ?
six soundtrack releases have been released since 2005. the first featured tracks from the first two series , the second and third featured music from the third and fourth series respectively . <SEP> which series ?
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper . <SEP> from which continent ?
one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection is the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet dated c1750 from germany , with especially fine marquetry and ormolu mounts . <SEP> to which year ?
the centre-left australian labor party ( alp ) , the centre-right liberal party of australia , the rural-based national party of australia , and the environmentalist australian greens are victoria 's main political parties . <SEP> which party ?
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials . <SEP> in what series ?
some yuan documents such as wang zhen 's nong shu were printed with earthenware movable type , a technology invented in the 12th century . <SEP> who ?
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half . <SEP> who ?
this is repeated iteratively until all available list seats are allocated . <SEP> how ?
under the norman abbot robert de grantmesnil , several monks of saint-evroul fled to southern italy , where they were patronised by robert guiscard and established a latin monastery at sant'eufemia . <SEP> what monastery ?
with abc1 's shutdown that october , the company 's attempt to develop abc international were discontinued . <SEP> what developmental network ?
however , abc made a name for itself by utilizing the practice of counterprogramming , with which it often placed shows of its own against the offerings of nbc and cbs , adopting the use of the magnetophon tape recorder , brought to the u.s. from nazi germany after its conquest , to pre-record its programming . <SEP> what new technology ?
once mutual 's appeals against the fcc were rejected , rca decided to sell nbc blue in 1941 , and gave the mandate to do so to mark woods . <SEP> to whom ?
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating . <SEP> what geochemist ?
st cuthbert 's high school and sacred heart are the two primary state-catholic run high schools , and are both achieving results on par with the independent schools in newcastle . <SEP> what religion ?
private bill committees have been set up to consider legislation on issues such as the development of the edinburgh tram network , the glasgow airport rail link , the airdrie-bathgate rail link and extensions to the national gallery of scotland . <SEP> what kind of committee ?
more than 1 million people are expected to attend the festivities in san francisco during super bowl week . <SEP> how many people ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> which team ?
sudbury model democratic schools ' proponents argue that a school that has good , clear laws , fairly and democratically passed by the entire school community , and a good judicial system for enforcing these laws , is a school in which community discipline prevails , and in which an increasingly sophisticated concept of law and order develops , against other schools today , where rules are arbitrary , authority is absolute , punishment is capricious , and due process of law is unknown . <SEP> what ?
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) . <SEP> in what battle ?
the other includes reproductions of various works of italian renaissance sculpture and architecture , including a full-size replica of michelangelo 's david . <SEP> which sculpture by michelangelo ?
many rivers have been closed ( " dammed " ) and now serve as drainage channels for the numerous polders . <SEP> what ?
carotenoids in photosynthetic organisms ( and possibly also in animals ) play a major role in absorbing energy from singlet oxygen and converting it to the unexcited ground state before it can cause harm to tissues . <SEP> what objects in organisms ?
meanwhile , the relationship between non-human primates in the subsistence and symbolism of indigenous lowland south american peoples has gained increased attention , as have ethno-biology and community-based conservation efforts . <SEP> what type of conservation effort ?
the report was criticized , however , for attaching too much weight to readings at arbitrarily selected locations , which in newcastle 's case included a motorway underpass without pedestrian access . <SEP> what ?
the counterpart in mongolian language was dai ön ulus , also rendered as ikh yuan üls or yekhe yuan ulus . <SEP> what ?
directly beneath the president are the provost , fourteen vice presidents ( including the chief financial officer , chief investment officer , and dean of students of the university ) , the directors of argonne national laboratory and fermilab , the secretary of the university , and the student ombudsperson . <SEP> how many vice presidents ?
on october 19 , 2005 , abc announced the restructuring of the group into six divisions : entertainment communications , communications resources , kids communications , news communications , corporate communications , and international communications . <SEP> how many divisions ?
some 5 million people may have lived in the amazon region in ad 1500 , divided between dense coastal settlements , such as that at marajó , and inland dwellers . <SEP> how many people ?
starting in 1934 , the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company began paying tesla $ 125 per month as well as paying his rent at the hotel new yorker , expenses the company would pay for the rest of tesla 's life . <SEP> what ?
government funding for religious schools is either subject to restrictions or possibly forbidden , according to the courts ' interpretation of the establishment clause of the first amendment or individual state blaine amendments . <SEP> what amendment to the united states constitution ?
there are a minimum of 278 patents issued to tesla in 26 countries that have been accounted for . <SEP> in how many countries ?
bskyb utilises the videoguard pay-tv scrambling system owned by nds , a cisco systems company . <SEP> what ?
for this reason , complexity theory addresses computational problems and not particular problem instances . <SEP> what ?
the centrifugal governor was adopted by james watt for use on a steam engine in 1788 after watt ’ s partner boulton saw one at a flour mill boulton & watt were building . <SEP> what ?
the graph isomorphism problem , the discrete logarithm problem and the integer factorization problem are examples of problems believed to be np-intermediate . <SEP> what ?
the eleventh doctor became the first to travel with a married couple , amy pond ( karen gillan ) and rory williams ( arthur darvill ) , whilst out-of-sync meetings with river song ( alex kingston ) and clara oswald ( jenna coleman ) provided ongoing story arcs . <SEP> who ?
a french church in portarlington dates back to 1696 , and was built to serve the significant new huguenot community in the town . <SEP> when ?
luther 's small catechism proved especially effective in helping parents teach their children ; likewise the larger catechism was effective for pastors . <SEP> what work ?
the original logo used for the first doctor ( and briefly for the second doctor ) was reused in a slightly modified format for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " during the eleventh doctor 's run . <SEP> what logo ?
the biennial av festival of international electronic art , featuring exhibitions , concerts , conferences and film screenings , is held in march . <SEP> how often ?
olivier roy argues that " sunni pan-islamism underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century " when the muslim brotherhood movement and its focus on islamisation of pan-arabism was eclipsed by the salafi movement with its emphasis on " sharia rather than the building of islamic institutions , " and rejection of shia islam . <SEP> what ?
he expanded on the signals he heard in a 9 february 1901 collier 's weekly article " talking with planets " where he said it had not been immediately apparent to him that he was hearing " intelligently controlled signals " and that the signals could come from mars , venus , or other planets . <SEP> what magazine ?
the former administrative building of lothian regional council on george iv bridge was used for the msp 's offices . <SEP> what former administrative building ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> when ?
kuchlug , the deposed khan of the naiman confederation that temüjin defeated and folded into his mongol empire , fled west and usurped the khanate of qara khitai ( also known as the western liao , as it was originally established as remnants of the liao dynasty ) . <SEP> what older dynasty ?
the most impressive examples of rococo architecture are czapski palace ( 1712–1721 ) , palace of the four winds ( 1730s ) and visitationist church ( façade 1728–1761 ) . <SEP> what type of architecture ?
genghis khan united the mongol and turkic tribes of the steppes and became great khan in 1206. he and his successors expanded the mongol empire across asia . <SEP> when ?
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage . <SEP> how many chloroplast lineages ?
the colonization of india in the mid-18th century offers an example of this focus : there , the " british exploited the political weakness of the mughal state , and , while military activity was important at various times , the economic and administrative incorporation of local elites was also of crucial significance " for the establishment of control over the subcontinent 's resources , markets , and manpower . <SEP> who ?
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt . <SEP> who ?
[ citation needed ] a group of huguenots was part of the french colonisers who arrived in brazil in 1555 to found france antarctique . <SEP> when ?
although the film was successful in the uk ( with 9.1 million viewers ) , it was less so in the united states and did not lead to a series . <SEP> how many ?
nearly 3,000 protestants were slaughtered in toulouse alone . <SEP> how many ?
if pathogens successfully evade the innate response , vertebrates possess a second layer of protection , the adaptive immune system , which is activated by the innate response . <SEP> what immune system ?
in addition , the hyde park day school , a school for students with learning disabilities , maintains a location on the university of chicago campus . <SEP> where ?
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) . <SEP> how ?
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere . <SEP> how many atoms ?
[ citation needed ] teachers in state schools must have at least a bachelor 's degree , complete an approved teacher education program , and be licensed . <SEP> what type of degree ?
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " . <SEP> what ?
the mouth of the rhine into lake constance forms an inland delta . <SEP> with what lake ?
the doctor 's first companions seen on screen were his granddaughter susan foreman ( carole ann ford ) and her teachers barbara wright ( jacqueline hill ) and ian chesterton ( william russell ) . <SEP> what ?
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776. britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820. by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world . <SEP> when ?
the second was the late 1970s , when tom baker occasionally drew audiences of over 12 million . <SEP> in what years ?
charles avison , the leading british composer of concertos in the 18th century , was born in newcastle upon tyne in 1709 and died there in 1770. basil hume , archbishop of westminster , was born in the city in 1923. vice admiral cuthbert collingwood , 1st baron collingwood , was born in the city . <SEP> what title ?
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl . <SEP> how many ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> what ?
the abc logo first appeared as a on-screen bug in the 1993–94 season , appearing initially only for 60 seconds at the beginning of an act or segment , before appearing throughout programs ( except during commercial breaks ) beginning in the 1995–96 season ; the respective iterations of the translucent logo bug were also incorporated within program promotions until the 2011–12 season . <SEP> when ?
among the few bright spots during this season were the midseason crime dramedy castle as well as the success of two family sitcoms that anchored the network 's revamped wednesday comedy lineup , the middle and modern family , the latter of which was both a critical and commercial success . <SEP> what two comedies ?
members of the genus dinophysis have a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte . <SEP> where ?
on 13 june 1525 , the couple was engaged with johannes bugenhagen , justus jonas , johannes apel , philipp melanchthon and lucas cranach the elder and his wife as witnesses . <SEP> who ?
some transferred chloroplast dna protein products get directed to the secretory pathway ( though it should be noted that many secondary plastids are bounded by an outermost membrane derived from the host 's cell membrane , and therefore topologically outside of the cell , because to reach the chloroplast from the cytosol , you have to cross the cell membrane , just like if you were headed for the extracellular space . <SEP> what ?
the museum is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the department for culture , media and sport . <SEP> which department ?
the dornbirner ach had to be diverted , too , and it now flows parallel to the canalized rhine into the lake . <SEP> what ?
at the waal , for example , the most landward tidal influence can be detected between brakel and zaltbommel . <SEP> what other city ?
the colorado experiments had prepared tesla for the establishment of the trans-atlantic wireless telecommunications facility known as wardenclyffe near shoreham , long island . <SEP> what kind of facility ?
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports . <SEP> what approach ?
tesla worked every day from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. or later , with dinner from exactly 8:10 p.m. , at delmonico 's restaurant and later the waldorf-astoria hotel . <SEP> what ?
teaching may be carried out informally , within the family , which is called homeschooling , or in the wider community . <SEP> where else ?
the various parts were built up using musique concrète techniques , by creating tape loops of an individually struck piano string and individual test oscillators and filters . <SEP> what kind of techniques ?
where professional and labor organizations can not limit the number of workers ) the workers wages will not be controlled by these organizations , or by the employer , but rather by the market . <SEP> what ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> what ?
over 10 % of swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008. sweden is internationally known for this innovative school voucher model that provides swedish pupils with the opportunity to choose the school they prefer . <SEP> what ?
on 15 june 1520 , the pope warned luther with the papal bull ( edict ) exsurge domine that he risked excommunication unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings , including the 95 theses , within 60 days . <SEP> what ?
he fled from gallifrey in a stolen mark i type 40 tardis – " time and relative dimension in space " – time machine which allows him to travel across time and space . <SEP> what vehicle ?
most of these defections occur because of economic or financial factors . <SEP> why ?
the earliest known movie featuring some exterior scenes filmed in the city is on the night of the fire ( 1939 ) , though by and large the action is studio-bound . <SEP> what ?
a simple case of dynamic equilibrium occurs in constant velocity motion across a surface with kinetic friction . <SEP> what ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> what california city last ?
stromules are very rare in chloroplasts , and are much more common in other plastids like chromoplasts and amyloplasts in petals and roots , respectively . <SEP> what ?
his father arranged a marriage for him , and at nine years of age he was delivered by his father to the family of his future wife börte , who was a member of the tribe khongirad . <SEP> which tribe ?
with a budget of $ 230,000 , the surviving original lunar broadcast data from apollo 11 was compiled by nafzger and assigned to lowry digital for restoration . <SEP> which company ?
on 18 april 1521 , luther appeared as ordered before the diet of worms . <SEP> when ?
on tesla 's 75th birthday in 1931 , time magazine put him on its cover . <SEP> for what occasion ?
specialty pharmacies supply high cost injectable , oral , infused , or inhaled medications that are used for chronic and complex disease states such as cancer , hepatitis , and rheumatoid arthritis . <SEP> what types of diseases ?
as it approaches the dutch border , the rhine has an annual mean discharge of 2,290 m3/s ( 81,000 cu ft/s ) and an average width of 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) . <SEP> how much ?
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> what type of numeral ?
they suggested that stromatoveris was an evolutionary " aunt " of ctenophores , and that ctenophores originated from sessile animals whose descendants became swimmers and changed the cilia from a feeding mechanism to a propulsion system . <SEP> which genus ?
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage . <SEP> where ?
in 2009 , nasa held a symposium on project costs which presented an estimate of the apollo program costs in 2005 dollars as roughly $ 170 billion . <SEP> how much ?
universal , warner brothers , and sony also run major record companies as well . <SEP> what ?
apollo 8 was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body , while the final apollo 17 mission marked the sixth moon landing and the ninth manned mission beyond low earth orbit . <SEP> what apollo mission ?
over the next five days , private conferences were held to determine luther 's fate . <SEP> how ?
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney . <SEP> what ?
fourth , national courts have a duty to interpret domestic law " as far as possible in the light of the wording and purpose of the directive " . <SEP> which courts ?
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 . <SEP> when ?
a job where there are few able or willing workers ( low supply ) , but a large need for the positions ( high demand ) , will result in high wages for that job . <SEP> what ?
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market . <SEP> who ?
using handheld gps devices and programs like google earth , members of the trio tribe , who live in the rainforests of southern suriname , map out their ancestral lands to help strengthen their territorial claims . <SEP> what tribe ?
under this system , once the design is completed by the design team , a number of construction companies or construction management companies may then be asked to make a bid for the work , either based directly on the design , or on the basis of drawings and a bill of quantities provided by a quantity surveyor . <SEP> who ?
the public art pieces will be restored and placed near their current locations and will feature wide sidewalks ( up to 28 ' on the east side of the street ) to continue with the pedestrian friendly environment of the district . <SEP> where ?
this deposition of complement can also kill cells directly by disrupting their plasma membrane . <SEP> how ?
hence ctenophores usually swim in the direction in which the mouth is pointing , unlike jellyfish . <SEP> what direction ?
the 1971 film get carter was shot on location in and around newcastle and offers an opportunity to see what newcastle looked like in the 1960s and early 1970s . <SEP> what 1971 film ?
camp would instead support revolutionary new rules for the 1906 season . <SEP> in what year ?
his father , milutin tesla , was a serbian orthodox priest . <SEP> what ?
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966. ten years later , the first original doctor who audio was released on lp record ; doctor who and the pescatons featuring the fourth doctor . <SEP> what story ?
these plasma waves can occur in force-free magnetic fields . <SEP> where ?
despite their soft , gelatinous bodies , fossils thought to represent ctenophores , apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms , have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early cambrian , about 515 million years ago . <SEP> what ?
in against the murderous , thieving hordes of peasants , written on his return to wittenberg , he gave his interpretation of the gospel teaching on wealth , condemned the violence as the devil 's work , and called for the nobles to put down the rebels like mad dogs : <SEP> who ?
formal teaching may be carried out by paid professionals . <SEP> who ?
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " . <SEP> when ?
tesla was asocial and prone to seclude himself with his work . <SEP> what ?
from 2006 garda vetting has been introduced for new entrants to the teaching profession . <SEP> when ?
most studies looking into the relationship have concentrated on homicides – since homicides are almost identically defined across all nations and jurisdictions . <SEP> what ?
late outbreaks in central europe included the italian plague of 1629–1631 , which is associated with troop movements during the thirty years ' war , and the great plague of vienna in 1679. over 60 % of norway 's population died in 1348–50 . <SEP> which outbreak ?
chinese physicians opposed western medicine because its humoral system contradicted the yin-yang and wuxing philosophy underlying traditional chinese medicine . <SEP> what philosophies ?
governor jennings declare martial law and sent the state militia to maintain order . <SEP> what ?
shark tank ( based on the dragon 's den reality format ) also became a midseason sleeper hit on sundays in the spring of 2010 ; the following season , it became the tentpole of the network 's friday night schedule , gradually helping make abc a strong competitor ( after being paired with 20/20 and beginning with the 2012–13 season , the tim allen sitcom last man standing ) against cbs ' long-dominant drama/reality lineup on that night for the first time since the " tgif " lineup ended in 2000 . <SEP> what day of the week ?
southern california , often abbreviated socal , is a geographic and cultural region that generally comprises california 's southernmost 10 counties . <SEP> what ?
to date , an estimated 438,000 species of plants of economic and social interest have been registered in the region with many more remaining to be discovered or catalogued . <SEP> what ?
toghrul , as temüjin 's patron , was exiled to the qara khitai . <SEP> where ?
in this dioxygen , the two oxygen atoms are chemically bonded to each other . <SEP> how ?
the city developed around the roman settlement pons aelius and was named after the castle built in 1080 by robert curthose , william the conqueror 's eldest son . <SEP> who ?
the episode " vincent and the doctor " was shortlisted for a mind award at the 2010 mind mental health media awards for its " touching " portrayal of vincent van gogh . <SEP> who ?
the best examples of newcomen designs had a duty of about 7 million , but most were closer to 5 million . <SEP> what ?
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks . <SEP> what streets ?
these sequences of photographs taken a fraction of a second apart capture images of different animals and humans performimg various actions . <SEP> what ?
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) . <SEP> what ?
the height of this persecution was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre when 5,000 to 30,000 were killed , although there were also underlying political reasons for this as well , as some of the huguenots were nobles trying to establish separate centers of power in southern france . <SEP> what ?
the greens , who won their first lower house seats in 2014 , are strongest in inner melbourne . <SEP> what ?
outraged , genghis khan planned one of his largest invasion campaigns by organizing together around 100,000 soldiers ( 10 tumens ) , his most capable generals and some of his sons . <SEP> how many soldiers ?
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner . <SEP> what un secretary ?
an apoplectic stroke deprived him of his speech , and he died shortly afterwards at 2:45 a.m. on 18 february 1546 , aged 62 , in eisleben , the city of his birth . <SEP> on what date ?
due to jacksonville 's low latitude and coastal location , the city sees very little cold weather , and winters are typically mild and sunny . <SEP> what ?
second , a citizen or company can invoke a directive , not just in a dispute with a public authority , but in a dispute with another citizen or company . <SEP> what ?
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor . <SEP> what ?
this address later inspired the pakistan movement . <SEP> what ?
headquartered in southern california are the walt disney company ( which also owns abc ) , sony pictures , universal , mgm , paramount pictures , 20th century fox , and warner brothers . <SEP> which company ?
more recently the uk supreme court noted that in r ( hs2 action alliance ltd ) v secretary of state for transport , although the uk constitution is uncodified , there could be " fundamental principles " of common law , and parliament " did not either contemplate or authorise the abrogation " of those principles when it enacted the european communities act 1972. the view of the german constitutional court from the solange i and solange ii decisions is that if the eu does not comply with its basic constitutional rights and principles ( particularly democracy , the rule of law and the social state principles ) then it can not override german law . <SEP> when ?
this triggered one of the largest gold rushes the world has ever seen . <SEP> what ?
because he published his findings first , priestley is usually given priority in the discovery . <SEP> why ?
the v & a is located in the brompton district of the royal borough of kensington and chelsea , in an area that has become known as " albertopolis " because of its association with prince albert , the albert memorial and the major cultural institutions with which he was associated . <SEP> where ?
cobham 's thesis says that a problem can be solved with a feasible amount of resources if it admits a polynomial time algorithm . <SEP> whose thesis states ?
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> what ?
john schmitt and ben zipperer ( 2006 ) of the cepr point to economic liberalism and the reduction of business regulation along with the decline of union membership as one of the causes of economic inequality . <SEP> what organization ?
in many species , the immune system can be classified into subsystems , such as the innate immune system versus the adaptive immune system , or humoral immunity versus cell-mediated immunity . <SEP> what ?
from a poll done by the princeton review , harvard is the second most commonly named " dream college " , both for students and parents in 2013 , and was the first nominated by parents in 2009. in 2011 , the mines paristech : professional ranking world universities ranked harvard 1st university in the world in terms of number of alumni holding ceo position in fortune global 500 companies . <SEP> where ?
another example was the insignificance of the ministry of war compared with native chinese dynasties , as the real military authority in yuan times resided in the privy council . <SEP> who ?
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl . <SEP> how many teams ?
during the yuan period , beijing became the terminus of the grand canal of china , which was completely renovated . <SEP> what city ?
executive power is exercised by the government . <SEP> who ?
the scottish parliament building was designed by spanish architect enric miralles in partnership with local edinburgh architecture firm rmjm which was led by design principal tony kettle . <SEP> who ?
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique . <SEP> where ?
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species . <SEP> how many tree species ?
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal ( united states ) calendar of saints . <SEP> when ?
the nif regime also harbored osama bin laden for a time ( before 9/11 ) , and worked to unify islamist opposition to the american attack on iraq in the 1991 gulf war . <SEP> what ?
the last prime minister of the ( east ) german democratic republic , lothar de maizière , is also a descendant of a huguenot family , as is the german federal minister of the interior , thomas de maizière . <SEP> who ?
a september 1565 french naval attack against the new spanish colony at st. augustine failed when its ships were hit by a hurricane on their way to the spanish encampment at fort matanzas . <SEP> which army ?
the war of the austrian succession ( whose north american theater is known as king george 's war ) formally ended in 1748 with the signing of the treaty of aix-la-chapelle . <SEP> what ?
after the revocation of the edict of nantes , the dutch republic received the largest group of huguenot refugees , an estimated total of 75,000 to 100,000 people . <SEP> what declaration ?
on 17 april 1879 , milutin tesla died at the age of 60 after contracting an unspecified illness ( although some sources say that he died of a stroke ) . <SEP> what ?
another famous athletic event is the 5.9-mile ( 9.5 km ) blaydon race ( a road race from newcastle to blaydon ) , which has taken place on 9 june annually since 1981 , to commemorate the celebrated blaydon races horse racing . <SEP> what famous 5.9-mile athletic event ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> which california venue ?
the molecules between the photosystems harness the electrons ' energy to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , creating a concentration gradient , with more hydrogen ions ( up to a thousand times as many ) inside the thylakoid system than in the stroma . <SEP> where ?
in favorable circumstances , ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day . <SEP> how much ?
extraordinary general elections are in addition to ordinary general elections , unless held less than six months before the due date of an ordinary general election , in which case they supplant it . <SEP> what ?
most of the emperors could not master written chinese , but they could generally converse well in the language . <SEP> how well ?
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness . <SEP> how many hours ?
however , in the early 11th century the dukes began a programme of church reform , encouraging the cluniac reform of monasteries and patronising intellectual pursuits , especially the proliferation of scriptoria and the reconstitution of a compilation of lost illuminated manuscripts . <SEP> who ?
on may 1 , 1953 , abc 's new york city flagship stations – wjz , wjz-fm and wjz-tv – changed their respective callsigns to wabc , wabc-fm and wabc-tv , and moved their operations to facilities at 7 west 66th street , one block away from central park . <SEP> when ?
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen . <SEP> when ?
several project structures can assist the owner in this integration , including design-build , partnering and construction management . <SEP> what project structures ?
[ citation needed ] sometime before the rise of genghis khan , ong khan , his mentor and eventual rival , had converted to nestorian christianity . <SEP> which of genghis khan 's mentors ?
nasa discontinued the manned block i program , using the block i spacecraft only for unmanned saturn v flights . <SEP> what ?
in 1516 , johann tetzel , a dominican friar and papal commissioner for indulgences , was sent to germany by the roman catholic church to sell indulgences to raise money to rebuild st. peter 's basilica in rome . <SEP> why ?
in september 1760 , and before any hostilities erupted , governor vaudreuil negotiated from montreal a capitulation with general amherst . <SEP> who ?
in january 2003 , the government of kenya announced the introduction of free primary education . <SEP> when ?
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden . <SEP> what show ?
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner . <SEP> what harvard alumni ?
most species are hermaphrodites—a single animal can produce both eggs and sperm , meaning it can fertilize its own egg , not needing a mate . <SEP> what gender ?
there are two types of thylakoids—granal thylakoids , which are arranged in grana , and stromal thylakoids , which are in contact with the stroma . <SEP> what ?
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963. the programme depicts the adventures of the doctor , a time lord—a space and time-travelling humanoid alien . <SEP> what type/genre of tv show ?
to provide against possible famines , granaries were ordered built throughout the empire . <SEP> what ?
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since . <SEP> what team ?
philip segal , a british expatriate who worked for columbia pictures ' television arm in the united states , had approached the bbc about such a venture as early as july 1989 , while the 26th series was still in production . <SEP> who ?
proving that any of these classes are unequal would be a major breakthrough in complexity theory . <SEP> what evidence between and among complexity classes ?
inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection . <SEP> what ?
in the more spiritual or mystical islamic tradition of sufism , the position of spiritual teacher and an esoteric ( as opposed to exoteric , or actions-oriented , e.g . <SEP> what ?
the opening was celebrated with a grand dinner attended by 2000 guests , and the laing art gallery has a painting of this event . <SEP> how ?
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor . <SEP> when ?
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen . <SEP> by what population group ?
as northwest europe slowly began to warm up from 22,000 years ago onward , frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers began to thaw and fall-winter snow covers melted in spring . <SEP> when ?
this trend may be gradually reversing as consultant pharmacists begin to work directly with patients , primarily because many elderly people are now taking numerous medications but continue to live outside of institutional settings . <SEP> what ?
michael mullett considers this speech as a " world classic of epoch-making oratory . " <SEP> who ?
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " . <SEP> what ?
the wabc call letters were previously used by the flagship station of cbs radio ( now wcbs ( am ) ) until 1946. the wjz calls would later be reassigned to the then-abc affiliate in baltimore in 1959 , in an historical nod to the fact that wjz was originally established by the baltimore station 's owner at the time , westinghouse . <SEP> in what city in 1959 ?
around 1294 , a french version of the scriptures was prepared by the roman catholic priest , guyard de moulin . <SEP> when ?
photosynthesis releases oxygen into the atmosphere , while respiration and decay remove it from the atmosphere . <SEP> what ?
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " wir glauben all an einen gott " ( " we all believe in one true god " ) is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism . <SEP> what ?
this traditional name continues as the standard in the united states , but it obscures the fact that indians fought on both sides of the conflict , and that this was part of the seven years ' war , a much larger conflict between france and great britain . <SEP> what ?
to remedy the causes of the fire , changes were made in the block ii spacecraft and operational procedures , the most important of which were use of a nitrogen/oxygen mixture instead of pure oxygen before and during launch , and removal of flammable cabin and space suit materials . <SEP> what type of mixture ?
in the late 17th century , robert boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion . <SEP> in what century ?
a b cell identifies pathogens when antibodies on its surface bind to a specific foreign antigen . <SEP> what kind of cell ?
kenya ranks low on transparency international 's corruption perception index ( cpi ) , a metric which attempts to gauge the prevalence of public sector corruption in various countries . <SEP> where ?
additionally , proteins such as nfil3 , which have been shown to be closely intertwined with both t-cell differentiation and our circadian rhythms , can be affected through the disturbance of natural light and dark cycles through instances of sleep deprivation , shift work , etc . <SEP> what ?
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game . <SEP> what station ?
cbs analyst and retired referee mike carey stated he disagreed with the call and felt the review clearly showed the pass was complete . <SEP> which former referee ?
where professional and labor organizations can not limit the number of workers ) the workers wages will not be controlled by these organizations , or by the employer , but rather by the market . <SEP> what ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> who ?
it is led by an executive committee , chaired by a president with the assistance of two vice presidents , one for administration and the other for student life , elected together as a slate by the student body each spring . <SEP> how many vice presidents ?
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line . <SEP> who ?
he fled from gallifrey in a stolen mark i type 40 tardis – " time and relative dimension in space " – time machine which allows him to travel across time and space . <SEP> that ?
soon after the normans began to enter italy , they entered the byzantine empire and then armenia , fighting against the pechenegs , the bulgars , and especially the seljuk turks . <SEP> who ?
polonia 's home venue is located at konwiktorska street , a ten-minute walk north from the old town . <SEP> where ?
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin . <SEP> what ?
three additional putative species were then found in the burgess shale and other canadian rocks of similar age , about 505 million years ago in the mid-cambrian period . <SEP> how many species ?
[ citation needed ] after decades of neglect and suburban flight , the neighborhood revival followed the re-opening of the tower theatre in the late 1970s , which at that time showed second and third run movies , along with classic films . <SEP> after its re-opening , which types of movies ?
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated . <SEP> what ?
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems . <SEP> what individuals ?
boulton and watt 's early engines used half as much coal as john smeaton 's improved version of newcomen 's . <SEP> how much ?
as indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation and ecocide , such as in the peruvian amazon indigenous peoples ' rainforest communities continue to disappear , while others , like the urarina continue to struggle to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories . <SEP> what kind of territories ?
the alsace on the left banks of the upper rhine was sold to burgundy by archduke sigismund of austria in 1469 and eventually fell to france in the thirty years ' war . <SEP> who ?
at the beginning of 1893 westinghouse engineer benjamin lamme had made great progress developing an efficient version of tesla 's induction motor and westinghouse electric started branding their complete polyphase phase ac system as the " tesla polyphase system " , noting how they believed tesla 's patents gave them patent priority over other ac systems . <SEP> in which year ?
this biogeochemical cycle describes the movement of oxygen within and between its three main reservoirs on earth : the atmosphere , the biosphere , and the lithosphere . <SEP> what type of process ?
the first direct elections for native kenyans to the legislative council took place in 1957. despite british hopes of handing power to " moderate " local rivals , it was the kenya african national union ( kanu ) of jomo kenyatta that formed a government . <SEP> when ?
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm . <SEP> what ?
he found that inequality is associated with higher levels of redistributive taxation , which is associated with lower levels of growth from reductions in private savings and investment . <SEP> what ?
over 60 schools converted to become national type schools . <SEP> how many ?
the european court of justice is the highest court able to interpret european union law . <SEP> what ?
participation in the african slave trade and the subsequent treatment of its 12 to 15 million africans is viewed by some to be a more modern extension of america 's " internal colonialism " . <SEP> how many ?
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii . <SEP> what ?
neutrophils are normally found in the bloodstream and are the most abundant type of phagocyte , normally representing 50 % to 60 % of the total circulating leukocytes . <SEP> what percentage of leukocytes ?
his national islamic front first gained influence when strongman general gaafar al-nimeiry invited members to serve in his government in 1979. turabi built a powerful economic base with money from foreign islamist banking systems , especially those linked with saudi arabia . <SEP> how ?
in many parts of the united states , after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case brown v. board of education of topeka that demanded united states schools desegregate " with all deliberate speed " , local families organized a wave of private " christian academies " . <SEP> what court case ?
radical islamist organizations like al-qaeda and the egyptian islamic jihad , and groups such as the taliban , entirely reject democracy , often declaring as kuffar those muslims who support it ( see takfirism ) , as well as calling for violent/offensive jihad or urging and conducting attacks on a religious basis . <SEP> what ?
in 2007 , peter davison returned in the children in need short " time crash " alongside david tennant , and most recently in 2013 's 50th anniversary special episode , " the day of the doctor " , david tennant 's tenth doctor appeared alongside matt smith as the eleventh doctor and john hurt as the war doctor , as well as brief footage from all of the previous actors . <SEP> which doctor ?
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area . <SEP> what ?
out of these , three are heavy populated areas : the los angeles area with over 12 million inhabitants , the riverside-san bernardino area with over four million inhabitants , and the san diego area with over 3 million inhabitants . <SEP> how many inhabitants ?
during the vietnam war , courts typically refused to excuse the perpetrators of illegal protests from punishment on the basis of their challenging the legality of the vietnam war ; the courts ruled it was a political question . <SEP> what us war ?
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves . <SEP> what ?
he received a bachelor 's degree in biblical studies on 9 march 1508 , and another bachelor 's degree in the sentences by peter lombard in 1509 . <SEP> when ?
europe 's expansion into territorial imperialism was largely focused on economic growth by collecting resources from colonies , in combination with assuming political control by military and political means . <SEP> what ?
the british empire was the largest empire that the world has ever seen both in terms of landmass and population . <SEP> by the late 19th century , which country ?
in addition , abc on demand ( like the video-on-demand television services provided by the other u.s. broadcast networks ) disallows fast forwarding of accessed content . <SEP> what ?
they were so called because they worked on the keels , boats that were used to transfer coal from the river banks to the waiting colliers , for export to london and elsewhere . <SEP> how ?
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration . <SEP> what ?
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion . <SEP> how ?
kenya 's first system of education was introduced by british colonists . <SEP> who ?
in conjunction , shirley was made aware that the french were massing for an attack on fort oswego in his absence when he planned to attack fort niagara . <SEP> where ?
they synthesize ordinary starch , which is stored in granules found in the periplastid space—outside the original double membrane , in the place that corresponds to the red alga 's cytoplasm . <SEP> where ?
he strongly disputed the claim that freedom from god 's punishment for sin could be purchased with money . <SEP> what ?
westinghouse looked into getting a patent on a similar commutator-less , rotating magnetic field-based induction motor presented in a paper in march 1888 by the italian physicist galileo ferraris , but decided tesla 's patent would probably control the market . <SEP> who other than tesla ?
one of the tangut generals challenged the mongols to a battle near helan mountains but was defeated . <SEP> who ?
the sarah jane adventures , starring elisabeth sladen who reprised her role as investigative journalist sarah jane smith , was developed by cbbc ; a special aired on new year 's day 2007 and a full series began on 24 september 2007. a second series followed in 2008 , notable for ( as noted above ) featuring the return of brigadier lethbridge-stewart . <SEP> when ?
epoxides are ethers in which the oxygen atom is part of a ring of three atoms . <SEP> in what compound ?
in europe there are old pharmacies still operating in dubrovnik , croatia , located inside the franciscan monastery , opened in 1317 ; and in the town hall square of tallinn , estonia , dating from at least 1422. the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum . <SEP> how far ?
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000. the three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined . <SEP> what percentage of global assets ?
in all , 97 of 253 episodes produced during the first six years of the programme are not held in the bbc 's archives ( most notably seasons 3 , 4 , & 5 , from which 79 episodes are missing ) . <SEP> which seasons ?
over the six years studied , the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by ipcc 's 2001 projection , and the actual sea level rise was above the top of the range of the ipcc projection . <SEP> how ?
most of luxembourg and a very small part of belgium also drain to the rhine via the moselle . <SEP> what ?
the logic for this is believed to be that the prime number intervals between emergences make it very difficult for predators to evolve that could specialize as predators on magicicadas . <SEP> what ?
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages . <SEP> what ?
in his writings lenin portrayed imperialism as a natural extension of capitalism that arose from need for capitalist economies to constantly expand investment , material resources and manpower in such a way that necessitated colonial expansion . <SEP> why ?
in the mid-18th century christian goldbach listed 1 as the first prime in his famous correspondence with leonhard euler -- who did not agree . <SEP> who ?
tesla spent over $ 2,000 , including building a device that comfortably supported her so her bones could heal , to fix her broken wing and leg . <SEP> how much ?
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship . <SEP> when ?
a key difference between the government and private schools is that the medium of education in private schools is english while it is the local language in government schools . <SEP> what language ?
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states . <SEP> what country ?
in 1638 , the college became home for north america 's first known printing press , carried by the ship john of london . <SEP> what year ?
co-teaching has also become a new trend amongst educational institutions . <SEP> what ?
" :64 instead , edison offered a us $ 10 a week raise over tesla 's us $ 18 per week salary ; tesla refused the offer and immediately resigned . <SEP> what ?
roman catholic theology stated that faith alone , whether fiduciary or dogmatic , can not justify man ; justification rather depends only on such faith as is active in charity and good works ( fides caritate formata ) . <SEP> what ?
complexity measures are very generally defined by the blum complexity axioms . <SEP> what ?
following this exodus , huguenots remained in large numbers in only one region of france : the rugged cévennes region in the south . <SEP> where ?
when some species , including bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera , are disturbed , they produce secretions ( ink ) that luminesce at much the same wavelengths as their bodies . <SEP> what ?
he explores the universe in his tardis , a sentient time-travelling space ship . <SEP> what ?
doctor who books have been published from the mid-sixties through to the present day . <SEP> when ?
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century . <SEP> which century ?
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 . <SEP> when ?
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night . <SEP> what day ?
temüjin had killed the men who betrayed jamukha , stating that he did not want disloyal men in his army . <SEP> why ?
many member state courts believe they decide , other member state parliaments believe they decide , while within the eu , the court of justice believes it has the final say . <SEP> within the eu , which court ?
ideal strings transmit tension forces instantaneously in action-reaction pairs so that if two objects are connected by an ideal string , any force directed along the string by the first object is accompanied by a force directed along the string in the opposite direction by the second object . <SEP> in what way ?
in 1891 scottish chemist james dewar was able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study . <SEP> what chemist ?
β-carotene is a bright red-orange carotenoid found in nearly all chloroplasts , like chlorophyll a. xanthophylls , especially the orange-red zeaxanthin , are also common . <SEP> what ?
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states . <SEP> who ?
the region is home to about 2.5 million insect species , tens of thousands of plants , and some 2,000 birds and mammals . <SEP> how many species of insects ?
he later attributed his decision to an event : on 2 july 1505 , he was returning to university on horseback after a trip home . <SEP> when ?
while the existence of these central government departments and the six ministries ( which had been introduced since the sui and tang dynasties ) gave a sinicized image in the yuan administration , the actual functions of these ministries also reflected how mongolian priorities and policies reshaped and redirected those institutions . <SEP> when ?
the current 8–4–4 system was launched in january 1985. it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector . <SEP> when ?
oxygen , as a supposed mild euphoric , has a history of recreational use in oxygen bars and in sports . <SEP> what ?
on the other hand , in the late 1980s the western atlantic ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi was accidentally introduced into the black sea and sea of azov via the ballast tanks of ships , and has been blamed for causing sharp drops in fish catches by eating both fish larvae and small crustaceans that would otherwise feed the adult fish . <SEP> how ?
the " hugues hypothesis " argues that the name was derived by association with hugues capet , king of france , who reigned long before the reformation . <SEP> what ?
type i hypersensitivity is an immediate or anaphylactic reaction , often associated with allergy . <SEP> what type of hypersensitivity ?
mao zedong once argued that the soviet union had itself become an imperialist power while maintaining a socialist façade . <SEP> who ?
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium . <SEP> when ?
the loc included launch complex 39 , a launch control center , and a 130 million cubic foot ( 3.7 million cubic meter ) vertical assembly building ( vab ) in which the space vehicle ( launch vehicle and spacecraft ) would be assembled on a mobile launcher platform and then moved by a transporter to one of several launch pads . <SEP> how big ?
because of this , ethelred fled to normandy in 1013 , when he was forced from his kingdom by sweyn forkbeard . <SEP> where ?
his body was later found by maid alice monaghan after she had entered tesla 's room , ignoring the " do not disturb " sign that tesla had placed on his door two days earlier . <SEP> who ?
one of his successful projects was to finish the long-stalled official histories of the liao , jin , and song dynasties , which were eventually completed in 1345. yet , toghtogha resigned his office with the approval of toghun temür , marking the end of his first administration , and he was not called back until 1349 . <SEP> which ?
in particular , the city 's metro , roads , sidewalks , health care facilities and sanitation facilities have improved markedly . <SEP> which ?
southern california is divided culturally , politically , and economically into distinctive regions , each containing its own culture and atmosphere , anchored usually by a city with both national and sometimes global recognition , which are often the hub of economic activity for its respective region and being home to many tourist destinations . <SEP> that ?
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) . <SEP> why ?
welsh medium education is available to all age groups through nurseries , schools , colleges and universities and in adult education ; lessons in the language itself are compulsory for all pupils until the age of 16 . <SEP> who ?
when the methodists in america were separated from the church of england , john wesley himself provided a revised version of the book of common prayer called the sunday service of the methodists in north america . <SEP> when ?
evaporative cooling towers need less water flow than " once-through " cooling by river or lake water ; a 700 megawatt coal-fired power plant may use about 3600 cubic metres of make-up water every hour for evaporative cooling , but would need about twenty times as much if cooled by river water . <SEP> about how many cubic meters of make-up water ?
the doctrine of legitimate expectation , which has its roots in the principles of legal certainty and good faith , is also a central element of the general principle of legal certainty in european union law . <SEP> in what ?
harvard has several athletic facilities , such as the lavietes pavilion , a multi-purpose arena and home to the harvard basketball teams . <SEP> what ?
in the secret history of the mongols , just before the invasion of the khwarezmid empire by genghis khan , chagatai declared before his father and brothers that he would never accept jochi as genghis khan 's successor . <SEP> which mongol leader ?
teachers are also at high risk for occupational burnout . <SEP> what ?
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> which ?
following the conquest of dali in 1253 , the former ruling duan dynasty were appointed as governors-general , recognized as imperial officials by the yuan , ming , and qing-era governments , principally in the province of yunnan . <SEP> when ?
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden . <SEP> what ?
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower . <SEP> who ?
in the us production , distribution and price disruptions " have been held responsible for recessions , periods of excessive inflation , reduced productivity , and lower economic growth . " <SEP> what ?
warsaw ( polish : warszawa [ varˈʂava ] ( listen ) ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland . <SEP> what ?
the genghis khan mausoleum , constructed many years after his death , is his memorial , but not his burial site . <SEP> what memorial ?
meanwhile , grumman was also encountering problems with the lunar module , eliminating hopes it would be ready for manned flight in 1967 , not long after the first manned csm flights . <SEP> what year ?
in 2005 , the series came first in a survey by sfx magazine of " the greatest uk science fiction and fantasy television series ever " . <SEP> what publication ?
from 66–34 mya , the rainforest extended as far south as 45° . <SEP> how many degrees ?
( the name of the theater refers to a well-known landmark water tower , which is actually in another nearby area ) . <SEP> from what landmark within fresno ?
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas . <SEP> when ?
hobson argued that domestic social reforms could cure the international disease of imperialism by removing its economic foundation . <SEP> what ?
the most important for luther was the doctrine of justification – god 's act of declaring a sinner righteous – by faith alone through god 's grace . <SEP> what ?
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic . <SEP> what country ?
in 1817 the maling company , at one time the largest pottery company in the world , moved to the city . <SEP> what ?
another major division within islamism is between what graham e. fuller has described as the fundamentalist " guardians of the tradition " ( salafis , such as those in the wahhabi movement ) and the " vanguard of change and islamic reform " centered around the muslim brotherhood . <SEP> what ?
acute oxygen toxicity ( causing seizures , its most feared effect for divers ) can occur by breathing an air mixture with 21 % o 2 at 66 m or more of depth ; the same thing can occur by breathing 100 % o 2 at only 6 m . <SEP> what physical condition ?
early valves could be adjusted by engine drivers , leading to many accidents when a driver fastened the valve down to allow greater steam pressure and more power from the engine . <SEP> what ?
student uniforms for australian private schools are generally stricter and more formal than in government schools - for example , a compulsory blazer . <SEP> what ?
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event . <SEP> which government entity ?
following the 9/11 attacks , however , abu hamza al-masri , the imam of the finsbury park mosque , was arrested and charged with incitement to terrorism which has caused many islamists to leave the uk to avoid internment . <SEP> what ?
the french monk marin mersenne looked at primes of the form 2p − 1 , with p a prime . <SEP> of what form ?
nikola credited his eidetic memory and creative abilities to his mother 's genetics and influence . <SEP> who ?
the nearer side is composed of tall nutritive cells that store nutrients in vacuoles ( internal compartments ) , germ cells that produce eggs or sperm , and photocytes that produce bioluminescence . <SEP> what ?
kenyan athletes ( particularly kalenjin ) continue to dominate the world of distance running , although competition from morocco and ethiopia has reduced this supremacy . <SEP> what countries ?
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy . <SEP> what award ?
in the words of the secretary general of the united nations ban ki-moon : " while economic growth is necessary , it is not sufficient for progress on reducing poverty . " <SEP> what ?
for example , an object suspended on a vertical spring scale experiences the force of gravity acting on the object balanced by a force applied by the " spring reaction force " , which equals the object 's weight . <SEP> what ?
in 1939 chinese nationalist soldiers took the mausoleum from its position at the 'lord 's enclosure ' ( mongolian : edsen khoroo ) in mongolia to protect it from japanese troops . <SEP> what ?
the average earning for a professional in the construction industry in the middle east , across all sectors , job types and levels of experience , is £42,090 , compared to £26,719 in the uk . <SEP> what ?
the broncos ' decision to wear white meant the panthers would wear their standard home uniform : black jerseys with silver pants . <SEP> what colors ?
luther 's teaching of the ten commandments , therefore , has clear eschatological overtones , which , characteristically for luther , do not encourage world-flight but direct the christian to service to the neighbor in the common , daily vocations of this perishing world . <SEP> what ?
noble received other offers , including one from cbs founder william s. paley ; however , a merger with cbs would have forced that network to sell its new york city and los angeles stations at the very least . <SEP> who ?
after kenya 's independence on 12 december 1963 , an authority named the ominde commission was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty . <SEP> what ?
rugby is also a growing sport in southern california , particularly at the high school level , with increasing numbers of schools adding rugby as an official school sport . <SEP> what ?
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports . <SEP> what ?
british victories continued in all theaters in the annus mirabilis of 1759 , when they finally captured ticonderoga , james wolfe defeated montcalm at quebec ( in a battle that claimed the lives of both commanders ) , and victory at fort niagara successfully cut off the french frontier forts further to the west and south . <SEP> who ?
the british superintendent for indian affairs in the new york region and beyond , johnson was known to the iroquois as warraghiggey , meaning " he who does great things . " <SEP> what ?
in honor of the 50th super bowl , the pregame ceremony featured the on-field introduction of 39 of the 43 previous super bowl most valuable players . <SEP> how many of the prior super bowl mvps ?
it was first established in 1988 by two united nations organizations , the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) and the united nations environment programme ( unep ) , and later endorsed by the united nations general assembly through resolution 43/53 . <SEP> what un resolution ?
in contrast , an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent ( the poor ) is associated with higher gdp growth . <SEP> what ?
it includes canova 's the three graces , which the museum jointly owns with national galleries of scotland . <SEP> with which ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> what position ?
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages . <SEP> when rich countries ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> how many teams ?
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions . <SEP> how many picks ?
on the other hand , luther also points out that the ten commandments – when considered not as god 's condemning judgment but as an expression of his eternal will , that is , of the natural law – also positively teach how the christian ought to live . <SEP> what ?
in 1211 , after the conquest of western xia , genghis khan planned again to conquer the jin dynasty . <SEP> what dynasty ?
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) . <SEP> what soap operas ?
a site was chosen in houston , texas , on land donated by rice university , and administrator webb announced the conversion on september 19 , 1961. it was also clear nasa would soon outgrow its practice of controlling missions from its cape canaveral air force station launch facilities in florida , so a new mission control center would be included in the msc . <SEP> in what state ?
a major boost to the collections was the salting bequest made in 1909 , which enriched the museum 's stock of chinese and japanese ceramics . <SEP> which part of the v & a collection ?
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water . <SEP> what ?
the statement was in latin , apart from " we are beggars , " which was in german . <SEP> what portion of luther 's last statement ?
morgan was shocked by the reminder of his part in the stock market crash and by tesla 's breach of contract by asking for more funds . <SEP> how ?
bskyb launched its hdtv service , sky+ hd , on 22 may 2006. prior to its launch , bskyb claimed that 40,000 people had registered to receive the hd service . <SEP> how many people ?
the court of justice of the european union can interpret the treaties , but it can not rule on their validity , which is subject to international law . <SEP> what powers ?
his method is described in the jade mirror of the four unknowns , written in 1303. the opening pages contain a diagram of pascal 's triangle . <SEP> when ?
first , linebacker shaq thompson tackled ronnie hillman for a 3-yard loss . <SEP> who ?
the production of major food staples such as corn is subject to sharp weather-related fluctuations . <SEP> what ?
liquid oxygen is attracted to a magnet to a sufficient extent that , in laboratory demonstrations , a bridge of liquid oxygen may be supported against its own weight between the poles of a powerful magnet . <SEP> what ?
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor . <SEP> when ?
the neighborhood of sunnyside is on fresno 's far southeast side , bounded by chestnut avenue to the west . <SEP> where ?
vampire bats dwell in the rainforest and can spread the rabies virus . <SEP> what type of bat that lives in the amazon rainforest ?
decompression sickness occurs in divers who decompress too quickly after a dive , resulting in bubbles of inert gas , mostly nitrogen and helium , forming in their blood . <SEP> what ?
seeing this as damaging to the mongol nation , kublai in 1291 forbade the sale abroad of mongols . <SEP> when ?
they trained and conducted tests of their spacecraft at north american , and in the altitude chamber at the kennedy space center . <SEP> where ?
audio versions of all of the lost episodes exist from home viewers who made tape recordings of the show . <SEP> how ?
on 31 december 1687 the first organised group of huguenots set sail from the netherlands to the dutch east india company post at the cape of good hope . <SEP> what trading company ?
epidemics that may have included plague killed an estimated 25 million chinese and other asians during the 15 years before it reached constantinople in 1347 . <SEP> how many ?
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish . <SEP> what sea ?
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty . <SEP> what city ?
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman . <SEP> what hymn ?
muqali , a trusted lieutenant , was given command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty while genghis khan was fighting in central asia , and subutai and jebe were allowed to pursue the great raid into the caucasus and kievan rus ' , an idea they had presented to the khagan on their own initiative . <SEP> which two generals ?
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) . <SEP> when ?
the most significant buildings are st. john 's cathedral ( 14th century ) , the temple is a typical example of the so-called masovian gothic style , st. mary 's church ( 1411 ) , a town house of burbach family ( 14th century ) , gunpowder tower ( after 1379 ) and the royal castle curia maior ( 1407–1410 ) . <SEP> what ?
as of 2012 [ update ] , harvard university had a total financial aid reserve of $ 159 million for students , and a pell grant reserve of $ 4.093 million available for disbursement . <SEP> what ?
edwards also comments that luther often deliberately used " vulgarity and violence " for effect , both in his writings condemning the jews and in diatribes against " turks " ( muslims ) and catholics . <SEP> who else ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> what ?
by 1948 most of the collections had been returned to the museum . <SEP> most of the museum 's collection ?
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter . <SEP> who ?
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers . <SEP> who ?
sky+ hd material is broadcast using mpeg-4 and most of the hd material uses the dvb-s2 standard . <SEP> what ?
before the foundation can be dug , contractors are typically required to verify and have existing utility lines marked , either by the utilities themselves or through a company specializing in such services . <SEP> who ?
in the secret history of the mongols , just before the invasion of the khwarezmid empire by genghis khan , chagatai declared before his father and brothers that he would never accept jochi as genghis khan 's successor . <SEP> which military campaign ?
the master is the doctor 's archenemy , a renegade time lord who desires to rule the universe . <SEP> who ?
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region . <SEP> from which year ?
a referendum to vote on the proposed constitution was held on 4 august 2010 , and the new constitution passed by a wide margin . <SEP> when ?
the strongest effect on jacksonville was from hurricane dora in 1964 , the only recorded storm to hit the first coast with sustained hurricane-force winds . <SEP> what storm ?
the origin of electric and magnetic fields would not be fully explained until 1864 when james clerk maxwell unified a number of earlier theories into a set of 20 scalar equations , which were later reformulated into 4 vector equations by oliver heaviside and josiah willard gibbs . <SEP> how many ?
this was the first fumble return touchdown in a super bowl since super bowl xxviii at the end of the 1993 season . <SEP> when ?
attendance at the 2003 meeting included 350 government officials and climate change experts . <SEP> what kind of people ?
it is also active in the world methodist council , an interdenominational group composed of various churches in the tradition of john wesley to promote the gospel throughout the world . <SEP> what ?
euglenophytes are a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga . <SEP> what kind of protists ?
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 . <SEP> what ?
the plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of british bacteriologist j. f. d. shrewsbury in 1970 , who noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague , leading him to conclude that contemporary accounts were exaggerations . <SEP> what ?
other 16th- and 20th-century versifications of the lord 's prayer have adopted luther 's tune , although modern texts are considerably shorter . <SEP> what ?
this relationship eventually produced closer ties of blood through the marriage of emma , sister of duke richard ii of normandy , and king ethelred ii of england . <SEP> who ?
it is conjectured that there are infinitely many twin primes , pairs of primes with difference 2 ( twin prime conjecture ) . <SEP> what conjecture ?
the economic impact of the former type of entrepreneurialism tends to be redistributive while the latter is expected to foster technological progress and thus have a more positive impact on economic growth . <SEP> what type of impact ?
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty . <SEP> what ?
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible . <SEP> who ?
a deterministic turing machine is the most basic turing machine , which uses a fixed set of rules to determine its future actions . <SEP> what ?
france concentrated its forces against prussia and its allies in the european theatre of the war . <SEP> where ?
a member of davies ' team ( roger scantlebury ) met lawrence roberts at the 1967 acm symposium on operating system principles and suggested it for use in the arpanet . <SEP> what ?
the catholic church in france and many of its members opposed the huguenots . <SEP> what group ?
although maududi talked about islamic revolution , by " revolution " he meant not the violence or populist policies of the iranian revolution , but the gradual changing the hearts and minds of individuals from the top of society downward through an educational process or da'wah . <SEP> by what method ?
in japan , at the end of the asuka period ( 538–710 ) and the early nara period ( 710–794 ) , the men who fulfilled roles similar to those of modern pharmacists were highly respected . <SEP> how ?
from 1525 to 1529 , he established a supervisory church body , laid down a new form of worship service , and wrote a clear summary of the new faith in the form of two catechisms . <SEP> what ?
westinghouse also hired tesla for one year for the large fee of $ 2,000 ( $ 52,700 in today 's dollars ) per month to be a consultant at the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company 's pittsburgh labs . <SEP> in which city ?
while nearly three-quarters eventually were killed or submitted , roughly 500,000 huguenots had fled france by the early 18th century [ citation needed ] . <SEP> how many ?
in early 1961 , direct ascent was generally the mission mode in favor at nasa . <SEP> in what year ?
gamma delta t cells ( γδ t cells ) possess an alternative t cell receptor ( tcr ) as opposed to cd4+ and cd8+ ( αβ ) t cells and share the characteristics of helper t cells , cytotoxic t cells and nk cells . <SEP> of what receptor ?
the title khagan was not conferred on genghis until after his death , when his son and successor , ögedei , took the title for himself and extended it posthumously to his father ( as he was also to be posthumously declared the founder of the yuan dynasty ) . <SEP> what title ?
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup . <SEP> what type of jihad ?
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) . <SEP> what ?
steel pipes and storage vessels used to store and transmit both gaseous and liquid oxygen will act as a fuel ; and therefore the design and manufacture of o 2 systems requires special training to ensure that ignition sources are minimized . <SEP> what ?
the historian fred anderson suggests that tanaghrisson was acting to gain the support of the british and regain authority over his own people . they had been inclined to support the french , with whom they had long trading relationships . <SEP> why ?
around 1954 , abc agreed to finance disneyland in exchange for the right to broadcast a new sunday night program , disneyland , which debuted on the network on october 27 , 1954 as the first of many anthology television programs that disney would broadcast over the course of the next 50 years . <SEP> in what year ?
she gave birth to a son , jochi ( 1185–1226 ) , nine months later , clouding the issue of his parentage . <SEP> what year ?
authors may refer to non-peer-reviewed sources ( the " grey literature " ) , provided that they are of sufficient quality . <SEP> what ?
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities . <SEP> what ?
i would be doing a service if i killed my father when he is hunting , made an alliance with sultan muhammad , brought this land to life and gave assistance and support to the muslims . " <SEP> who ?
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market . <SEP> what kind of pay gap ?
the mechanism by which y. pestis was usually transmitted was established in 1898 by paul-louis simond and was found to involve the bites of fleas whose midguts had become obstructed by replicating y. pestis several days after feeding on an infected host . <SEP> what ?
warsaw university of technology is the second academic school of technology in the country , and one of the largest in east-central europe , employing 2,000 professors . <SEP> what ?
after petitioning the british crown in 1697 for the right to own land in the baronies , they prospered as slave owners on the cooper , ashepoo , ashley and santee river plantations they purchased from the british landgrave edmund bellinger . <SEP> when ?
official corporal punishment , often by caning , remains commonplace in schools in some asian , african and caribbean countries . <SEP> what countries ?
the conflict , pitting indigenous impoverished muslims ( mujahideen ) against an anti-religious superpower , galvanized thousands of muslims around the world to send aid and sometimes to go themselves to fight for their faith . <SEP> what ?
for the top 21 industrialised countries , counting each person equally , life expectancy is lower in more unequal countries ( r = -.907 ) . <SEP> what ?
the executive summary of the wg i summary for policymakers report says they are certain that emissions resulting from human activities are substantially increasing the atmospheric concentrations of the greenhouse gases , resulting on average in an additional warming of the earth 's surface . <SEP> what ?
pro bowl linebacker von miller led the team with 11 sacks , forced four fumbles , and recovered three . <SEP> who ?
several microplates were caught in the squeeze and rotated or were pushed laterally , generating the individual features of mediterranean geography : iberia pushed up the pyrenees ; italy , the alps , and anatolia , moving west , the mountains of greece and the islands . <SEP> what ?
an element p of r is called prime element if it is neither zero nor a unit ( i.e. , does not have a multiplicative inverse ) and satisfies the following requirement : given x and y in r such that p divides the product xy , then p divides x or y. an element is irreducible if it is not a unit and can not be written as a product of two ring elements that are not units . <SEP> what ?
the climate in newcastle is oceanic ( köppen cfb ) and significantly milder than some other locations in the world at a similar latitude , due to the warming influence of the gulf stream ( via the north atlantic drift ) . <SEP> what ?
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact . <SEP> who ?
in the united kingdom , bbc radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will carry the contest . <SEP> what radio station ?
between the lobes on either side of the mouth , many species of lobates have four auricles , gelatinous projections edged with cilia that produce water currents that help direct microscopic prey toward the mouth . <SEP> how many auricles ?
one of them decided to stay on the coast of denmark and can be seen sitting at the entrance to the port of copenhagen . <SEP> where ?
thermochemical techniques can be used to determine temperature profiles within the crust , the uplift of mountain ranges , and paleotopography . <SEP> what techniques ?
the story is based on comments made by philipp melanchthon , though it is thought that he was not in wittenberg at the time . <SEP> on whose comments ?
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden . <SEP> what ?
civil disobedience is one of the many ways people have rebelled against what they deem to be unfair laws . <SEP> what ?
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated . <SEP> who ?
the element is found in almost all biomolecules that are important to ( or generated by ) life . <SEP> in what type of molecules ?
in 1984 zoologist graham twigg produced the first major work to challenge the bubonic plague theory directly , and his doubts about the identity of the black death have been taken up by a number of authors , including samuel k. cohn , jr. ( 2002 ) , david herlihy ( 1997 ) , and susan scott and christopher duncan ( 2001 ) . <SEP> what ?
to the east of this were additional galleries , the decoration of which was the work of another designer owen jones , these were the oriental courts ( covering india , china and japan ) completed in 1863 , none of this decoration survives , part of these galleries became the new galleries covering the 19th century , opened in december 2006. the last work by fowke was the design for the range of buildings on the north and west sides of the garden , this includes the refreshment rooms , reinstated as the museum café in 2006 , with the silver gallery above , ( at the time the ceramics gallery ) , the top floor has a splendid lecture theatre although this is seldom open to the general public . <SEP> who ?
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals . <SEP> what ?
chloroplasts , like mitochondria , contain their own dna , which is thought to be inherited from their ancestor—a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell . <SEP> what ?
his patented ac induction motor and transformer were licensed by george westinghouse , who also hired tesla for a short time as a consultant . <SEP> who ?
the centre-left australian labor party ( alp ) , the centre-right liberal party of australia , the rural-based national party of australia , and the environmentalist australian greens are victoria 's main political parties . <SEP> what party ?
luther confirmed he was their author , but requested time to think about the answer to the second question . <SEP> how ?
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day . <SEP> when ?
these include the miller–rabin primality test , which is fast but has a small probability of error , and the aks primality test , which always produces the correct answer in polynomial time but is too slow to be practical . <SEP> what ?
on the french side , the grand canal d'alsace was dug , which carries a significant part of the river water , and all of the traffic . <SEP> what ?
on may 28 , 2012 , jacksonville was hit by tropical storm beryl , packing winds up to 70 miles per hour ( 113 km/h ) which made landfall near jacksonville beach . <SEP> what ?
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude . <SEP> how much ?
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates . <SEP> what ?
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> where ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> what ?
the internet2 community , in partnership with qwest , built the first internet2 network , called abilene , in 1998 and was a prime investor in the national lambdarail ( nlr ) project . <SEP> who ?
unlike sponges , both ctenophores and cnidarians have : cells bound by inter-cell connections and carpet-like basement membranes ; muscles ; nervous systems ; and some have sensory organs . <SEP> which two groups ?
the rotational inertia of planet earth is what fixes the constancy of the length of a day and the length of a year . <SEP> what ?
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl . <SEP> which ?
state route 168 , the sierra freeway , heads east to the city of clovis and huntington lake . <SEP> what ?
other fresno stations include abc o & o kfsn , cbs affiliate kgpe , cw affiliate kfre , fox affiliate kmph , mntv affiliate kail , pbs affiliate kvpt , telemundo o & o knso , univision o & o kftv , and mundofox and azteca affiliate kgmc-dt . <SEP> what ?
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits . <SEP> why ?
chloroplasts , like mitochondria , contain their own dna , which is thought to be inherited from their ancestor—a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell . <SEP> how ?
tesla could be harsh at times and openly expressed disgust for overweight people , such as when he fired a secretary because of her weight . <SEP> who ?
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries . <SEP> whose 1758 portrait by françois boucher ?
it was worth $ 32 billion in 2011 , up from $ 28 billion in september 2010 and $ 26 billion in 2009. it suffered about 30 % loss in 2008-09. in december 2008 , harvard announced that its endowment had lost 22 % ( approximately $ 8 billion ) from july to october 2008 , necessitating budget cuts . <SEP> what ?
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum . <SEP> how long ?
the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam can be derived from various sources , most commonly from burning combustible materials with an appropriate supply of air in a closed space ( called variously combustion chamber , firebox ) . <SEP> what ?
paul rose argues that he caused a " hysterical and demonizing mentality " about jews to enter german thought and discourse , a mentality that might otherwise have been absent . <SEP> what ?
major events also play a big part in tourism in victoria , particularly cultural tourism and sports tourism . <SEP> what part ?
the neoclassical architecture in warsaw can be described by the simplicity of the geometrical forms teamed with a great inspiration from the roman period . <SEP> what ?
they differ from glaucophyte and red algal chloroplasts in that they have lost their phycobilisomes , and contain chlorophyll b instead . <SEP> what ?
proceedings are also recorded in text form , in print and online , in the official report , which is the substantially verbatim transcript of parliamentary debates . <SEP> what ?
for i acknowledge none of them to be really a book of mine , except perhaps the bondage of the will and the catechism . " <SEP> what ?
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique . <SEP> where ?
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions . <SEP> what ?
in 1507 , he was ordained to the priesthood , and in 1508 , von staupitz , first dean of the newly founded university of wittenberg , sent for luther , to teach theology . <SEP> when ?
a decade after the 1973 oil crisis , honda , toyota and nissan , affected by the 1981 voluntary export restraints , opened us assembly plants and established their luxury divisions ( acura , lexus and infiniti , respectively ) to distinguish themselves from their mass-market brands . <SEP> when ?
the united methodist church understands itself to be part of the holy catholic ( or universal ) church and it recognizes the historic ecumenical creeds , the apostle 's creed and the nicene creed ; which are used frequently in services of worship . <SEP> of what church ?
most of them were destroyed in the aftermath of the warsaw uprising of 1944. after the war , the new communist authorities of poland discouraged church construction and only a small number were rebuilt . <SEP> when ?
under defensive coordinator wade phillips , the broncos ' defense ranked number one in total yards allowed , passing yards allowed and sacks , and like the previous three seasons , the team has continued to set numerous individual , league and franchise records . <SEP> who ?
there are about thirty photosynthetic carotenoids . <SEP> how many photosynthetic carotenoids ?
british settlers outnumbered the french 20 to 1 with a population of about 1.5 million ranged along the eastern coast of the continent , from nova scotia and newfoundland in the north , to georgia in the south . <SEP> where ?
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict . <SEP> what ?
norman customary law was transcribed in two customaries in latin by two judges for use by them and their colleagues : these are the très ancien coutumier ( very ancient customary ) , authored between 1200 and 1245 ; and the grand coutumier de normandie ( great customary of normandy , originally summa de legibus normanniae in curia laïcali ) , authored between 1235 and 1245 . <SEP> how many customaries ?
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 . <SEP> when ?
radio tyneside has been the voluntary hospital radio service for most hospitals across newcastle and gateshead since 1951 , broadcasting on hospedia and online . <SEP> how long ?
the apollo program was conceived during the eisenhower administration in early 1960 , as a follow-up to project mercury . <SEP> when ?
other green spaces in the city include the botanic garden and the university library garden . <SEP> what type of space in warsaw ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> which ?
euclid also showed how to construct a perfect number from a mersenne prime . <SEP> who ?
as a practice area and specialist domain , pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the needs of major national and international patient information projects and health system interoperability goals . <SEP> whose needs ?
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped . <SEP> what ?
bskyb utilises the videoguard pay-tv scrambling system owned by nds , a cisco systems company . <SEP> who ?
in july 1960 , nasa deputy administrator hugh l. dryden announced the apollo program to industry representatives at a series of space task group conferences . <SEP> who ?
further south the southeast interior was dominated by siouan-speaking catawba , muskogee-speaking creek and choctaw , and the iroquoian-speaking cherokee tribes . <SEP> what ?
richard harbison 's purely morphological analysis in 1985 concluded that the cydippids are not monophyletic , in other words do not contain all and only the descendants of a single common ancestor that was itself a cydippid . <SEP> who ?
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines . <SEP> where ?
as well as creating rights for " workers " who generally lack bargaining power in the market , the treaty on the functioning of the european union also protects the " freedom of establishment " in article 49 , and " freedom to provide services " in article 56. in gebhard v consiglio dell ’ ordine degli avvocati e procuratori di milano the court of justice held that to be " established " means to participate in economic life " on a stable and continuous basis " , while providing " services " meant pursuing activity more " on a temporary basis " . <SEP> which treaty ?
the disease bypassed some areas , and the most isolated areas were less vulnerable to contagion . <SEP> which ?
the hoppings funfair , said to be the largest travelling funfair in europe , is held here annually in june . <SEP> what ?
in the georgian age there was increasing emphasis on entertainment and leisure . <SEP> what british cultural trend during the georgian ?
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) . <SEP> what ?
for example , prime ideals in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields can be used in proving quadratic reciprocity , a statement that concerns the solvability of quadratic equations <SEP> what ?
germanic tribes crossed the rhine in the migration period , by the 5th century establishing the kingdoms of francia on the lower rhine , burgundy on the upper rhine and alemannia on the high rhine . <SEP> when ?
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line . <SEP> what ?
by working alongside the authorities to restore public order , he signalled his reinvention as a conservative force within the reformation . <SEP> what ?
" bairn " and " hyem " , meaning " child " and " home " , respectively , are examples of geordie words with origins in scandinavia ; barn and hjem are the corresponding modern norwegian and danish words . <SEP> from what culture ?
over the long-term , this trend increases the organic composition of capital , meaning that less workers are required in proportion to capital inputs , increasing unemployment ( the " reserve army of labour " ) . <SEP> when ?
research shows that student motivation and attitudes towards school are closely linked to student-teacher relationships . <SEP> what ?
after kenya 's independence on 12 december 1963 , an authority named the ominde commission was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty . <SEP> when ?
chinese advisers such as liu bingzhong and yao shu gave strong influence to kublai 's early court , and the central government administration was established within the first decade of kublai 's reign . <SEP> who ?
in the helical thylakoid model , grana consist of a stack of flattened circular granal thylakoids that resemble pancakes . <SEP> what shape ?
when b cells and t cells are activated and begin to replicate , some of their offspring become long-lived memory cells . <SEP> when ?
the centrifugal governor was adopted by james watt for use on a steam engine in 1788 after watt ’ s partner boulton saw one at a flour mill boulton & watt were building . <SEP> where ?
the company energiprojekt ab in sweden has made progress in using modern materials for harnessing the power of steam . <SEP> what modern company ?
a teacher may follow standardized curricula as determined by the relevant authority . <SEP> what type of curricula ?
[ citation needed ] it may be possible that another kuznets ' cycle is occurring , specifically the move from the manufacturing sector to the service sector . <SEP> in what sector ?
the logo from 1973–80 was used for the third doctor 's final season and for the majority of the fourth doctor 's tenure . <SEP> which logo ?
the force , therefore , is related directly to the difference in potential energy between two different locations in space , and can be considered to be an artifact of the potential field in the same way that the direction and amount of a flow of water can be considered to be an artifact of the contour map of the elevation of an area . <SEP> what ?
the traditional visor helmet was replaced with a clear " fishbowl " type for greater visibility , and the lunar surface eva suit would include a water-cooled undergarment . <SEP> what type of undergarment , if any , ?
operating since 1793 and founded as a ‘ conversation club , ’ its lecture theatre was the first public building to be lit by electric light , during a lecture by joseph swan on 20 october 1880 . <SEP> who ?
when the order came to annihilate the ghetto as part of hitler 's " final solution " on 19 april 1943 , jewish fighters launched the warsaw ghetto uprising . <SEP> when ?
michael mullett considers this speech as a " world classic of epoch-making oratory . " <SEP> what ?
it became a moral justification to lift the world up to french standards by bringing christianity and french culture . <SEP> what ?
tesla considered the winter of 1886/1887 as a time of " terrible headaches and bitter tears . " <SEP> which years ?
ugali with vegetables , sour milk , meat , fish or any other stew is generally eaten by much of the population for lunch or supper . <SEP> what ?
the exceptions are the beroids , whose young are miniature beroids with large mouths and no tentacles , and the platyctenids , whose young live as cydippid-like plankton until they reach near-adult size , but then sink to the bottom and rapidly metamorphose into the adult form . <SEP> which group ?
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms . <SEP> how many ?
the tyneside flat was the dominant housing form constructed at the time when the industrial centres on tyneside were growing most rapidly . <SEP> what ?
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many interceptions ?
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com . <SEP> what animation company ?
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball . <SEP> what famous english physicist and mathematician ?
a growing cause of concern are that attacks on teachers in welsh schools which reached an all-time high between 2005 and 2010 . <SEP> what ?
today , harvard fields top teams in several other sports , such as the harvard crimson men 's ice hockey team ( with a strong rivalry against cornell ) , squash , and even recently won ncaa titles in men 's and women 's fencing . <SEP> who ?
today , justifying grace is also known as conversion , " accepting jesus as your personal lord and savior , " or being " born again " . <SEP> what ?
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections . <SEP> how many ?
the activation of a resting helper t cell causes it to release cytokines that influence the activity of many cell types . <SEP> what chemicals ?
norwood had not done so , and with no resistance around him , he took off for a super bowl record 61-yard return before mario addison dragged him down on the panthers 14-yard line . <SEP> how many yards ?
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine . <SEP> which county ?
both before and after the 1708 passage of the foreign protestants naturalization act , an estimated 50,000 protestant walloons and huguenots fled to england , with many moving on to ireland and elsewhere . <SEP> when ?
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars . <SEP> what ?
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury . <SEP> which british monarch ?
[ j ] oxygen toxicity usually begins to occur at partial pressures more than 50 kilopascals ( kpa ) , equal to about 50 % oxygen composition at standard pressure or 2.5 times the normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure of about 21 kpa . <SEP> at what point ?
for instance , if t ( n ) = 7n2 + 15n + 40 , in big o notation one would write t ( n ) = o ( n2 ) . <SEP> how ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> how many times ?
like mitochondria , chloroplasts use the potential energy stored in an h+ , or hydrogen ion gradient to generate atp energy . <SEP> what ?
this debate has proved difficult to resolve because the practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean that data sampling is biased away from the center of the amazon basin , and both explanations are reasonably well supported by the available data . <SEP> how ?
this law also exists in austria for general physicians if the nearest pharmacy is more than 4 kilometers away , or where none is registered in the city . <SEP> what ?
as a response , shirley left garrisons at oswego , fort bull , and fort williams ( the latter two located on the oneida carry between the mohawk river and wood creek at present-day rome , new york ) . <SEP> who ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> who ?
however , this vision was shattered in the 1970s , when it was publicly announced that prime numbers could be used as the basis for the creation of public key cryptography algorithms . <SEP> when ?
in the north eastern part of fresno , woodward park was founded by the late ralph woodward , a long-time fresno resident . <SEP> who ?
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense . <SEP> what ?
in the 1990s , rankine steam cycles generated about 90 % of all electric power used throughout the world , including virtually all solar , biomass , coal and nuclear power plants . <SEP> what ?
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region . <SEP> what ?
during the oligocene , for example , the rainforest spanned a relatively narrow band . <SEP> during which period in history ?
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver . <SEP> what goldman sachs ceo ?
conservation is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections , and covers all the collections held by the v & a and the v & a museum of childhood . <SEP> which area ?
between the 1880s and world war ii , downtown fresno flourished , filled with electric street cars , and contained some of the san joaquin valley 's most beautiful architectural buildings . <SEP> during what period ?
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system . <SEP> in what year ?
the war in north america officially ended with the signing of the treaty of paris on 10 february 1763 , and war in the european theatre of the seven years ' war was settled by the treaty of hubertusburg on 15 february 1763. the british offered france the choice of surrendering either its continental north american possessions east of the mississippi or the caribbean islands of guadeloupe and martinique , which had been occupied by the british . <SEP> when ?
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) . <SEP> who ?
the jewellery collection , containing over 6000 items is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world and includes works dating from ancient egypt to the present day , as well as jewellery designs on paper . <SEP> approximately how many items ?
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes . <SEP> what variable ?
the racial makeup of the city was 50.2 % white , 8.4 % black or african american , 1.6 % native american , 11.2 % asian ( about a third of which is hmong ) , 0.1 % pacific islander , 23.4 % from other races , and 5.2 % from two or more races . <SEP> what ?
in what are by kenyan standards unprecedented revelations , in 2010 , credible claims of corruption were made with regard to recruitment and procurement of armoured personnel carriers . <SEP> what ?
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population . <SEP> how many private schools ?
a different arrangement was recorded by peter howell for season 18 ( 1980 ) , which was in turn replaced by dominic glynn 's arrangement for the season-long serial the trial of a time lord in season 23 ( 1986 ) . <SEP> who ?
the principle of faunal succession is based on the appearance of fossils in sedimentary rocks . <SEP> which principle ?
over the past 6000 years , approximately 80 avulsions have occurred . <SEP> how many ?
the main driving factor of the oxygen cycle is photosynthesis , which is responsible for modern earth 's atmosphere . <SEP> what process ?
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963. the programme depicts the adventures of the doctor , a time lord—a space and time-travelling humanoid alien . <SEP> what year ?
livestock predominates in the semi-arid savanna to the north and east . <SEP> where ?
the germanic populations of these lands seem in roman times to have been scanty , and roman subjects from the modern alsace-lorraine had drifted across the river eastwards . <SEP> which direction ?
using a cascade method , swiss chemist and physicist raoul pierre pictet evaporated liquid sulfur dioxide in order to liquefy carbon dioxide , which in turn was evaporated to cool oxygen gas enough to liquefy it . <SEP> what scientist ?
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl . <SEP> what ?
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf . <SEP> what field type ?
the rows ( =progressions ) starting with a = 3 , 6 , or 9 contain at most one prime number . <SEP> how many ?
along with advancements in communication , europe also continued to advance in military technology . <SEP> what advancements besides military technology ?
chicago 's physics department helped develop the world 's first man-made , self-sustaining nuclear reaction beneath the university 's stagg field . <SEP> who ?
along the same lines , co-np is the class containing the complement problems ( i.e . <SEP> in what ?
as of the census of 2000 , there were 427,652 people , 140,079 households , and 97,915 families residing in the city . <SEP> how many people ?
in pakistan this islamization from above was " probably " more complete " than under any other regime except those in iran and sudan , " but zia-ul-haq was also criticized by many islamists for imposing " symbols " rather than substance , and using islamization to legitimize his means of seizing power . <SEP> what ?
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) . <SEP> which two treaties ?
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across . <SEP> what shape ?
the muslims in the semu class also revolted against the yuan dynasty in the ispah rebellion but the rebellion was crushed and the muslims were massacred by the yuan loyalist commander chen youding . <SEP> who ?
this has the end result of atp energy being wasted and co2 being released , all with no sugar being produced . <SEP> what ?
the complement system and phagocytic cells are also used by most forms of invertebrate life . <SEP> what cell type ?
the significant element of the relief , in this part of warsaw , is the edge of moraine plateau called warsaw escarpment . <SEP> what ?
some examples of intracellular pathogens include viruses , the food poisoning bacterium salmonella and the eukaryotic parasites that cause malaria ( plasmodium falciparum ) and leishmaniasis ( leishmania spp . ) . <SEP> what food bacteria ?
for example , an experienced teacher and parent described the place of a teacher in learning as follows : " the real bulk of learning takes place in self-study and problem solving with a lot of feedback around that loop . <SEP> in what ?
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school . <SEP> what secret ?
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden . <SEP> what other cbs ?
two future opponents in the american revolutionary war , washington and thomas gage , played key roles in organizing the retreat . <SEP> what future revolutionary key figures ?
according to economists david castells-quintana and vicente royuela , increasing inequality harms economic growth . <SEP> what ?
the united kingdom operations also changed the company name from british sky broadcasting limited to sky uk limited , still trading as sky . <SEP> what ?
walt wanted abc to invest $ 500,000 and accrued a guarantee of $ 4.5 million in additional loans , a third of the budget intended for the park . <SEP> how much ?
many engineers feared that a rendezvous —let alone a docking— neither of which had been attempted even in earth orbit , would be extremely difficult in lunar orbit . <SEP> what ?
when coal is used , a chain or screw stoking mechanism and its drive engine or motor may be included to move the fuel from a supply bin ( bunker ) to the firebox . <SEP> what ?
on july 23 , 1963 , webb announced mueller 's appointment as deputy associate administrator for manned space flight , to replace then associate administrator d. brainerd holmes on his retirement effective september 1. under webb 's reorganization , the directors of the manned spacecraft center ( gilruth ) marshall space flight center ( von braun ) and the launch operations center ( debus ) effectively reported to mueller . <SEP> to who ?
zhèng ( chinese : 正 ) meaning " right " , " just " , or " true " , would have received the mongolian adjectival modifier -s , creating " jenggis " , which in medieval romanization would be written " genghis " . <SEP> of what word ?
the implication that the style of lace known as 'bucks point ' demonstrates a huguenot influence , being a " combination of mechlin patterns on lille ground " , is fallacious : what is now known as mechlin lace did not develop until first half of the eighteenth century and lace with mechlin patterns and lille ground did not appear until the end of the 18th century , when it was widely copied throughout europe . <SEP> when ?
crime rate has also been shown to be correlated with inequality in society . <SEP> what ?
today , this is known as the miasma theory . <SEP> what ?
these stages were called expansions , with double and triple expansion engines being common , especially in shipping where efficiency was important to reduce the weight of coal carried . <SEP> in what field ?
it upholds the concept of the " visible and invisible church , " meaning that all who are truly believers in every age belong to the holy church invisible , while the united methodist church is a branch of the church visible , to which all believers must be connected as it is the only institution wherein the word of god is preached and the sacraments are administered . <SEP> what ?
tesla believed that the league of nations was not a remedy for the times and issues . <SEP> what entity ?
following the initial success of these series , abc revamped its friday night schedule around family-friendly comedies in the late 1980s , culminating in the 1989 debut of the " tgif " block ( which promotions referenced stood for " thank goodness it 's funny " ) . <SEP> what ?
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started . <SEP> what group ?
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney . <SEP> what entity ?
despite a significant increase in viewership ( with its audience share having increased to 33 % from the 15 % share it had in 1953 ) , abc remained in third place ; the company had a total revenue of $ 15.5 million , a third of the revenue pulled in by cbs at the same period . <SEP> what ?
newton 's laws and newtonian mechanics in general were first developed to describe how forces affect idealized point particles rather than three-dimensional objects . <SEP> what ?
simply refusing to preach the ten commandments among christians – thereby , as it were , removing the three letters l-a-w from the church – does not eliminate the accusing law . <SEP> what ?
it is only when observing the motion in a global sense that the curvature of space-time can be observed and the force is inferred from the object 's curved path . <SEP> in what sense ?
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series . <SEP> which nbc radio network ?
he fled north to shangdu from khanbaliq ( present-day beijing ) in 1368 after the approach of the forces of the míng dynasty ( 1368–1644 ) , founded by zhu yuanzhang in the south . <SEP> when ?
the uk , germany , italy , switzerland and norway banned flying , driving and boating on sundays . <SEP> that ?
like sponges and cnidarians , ctenophores have two main layers of cells that sandwich a middle layer of jelly-like material , which is called the mesoglea in cnidarians and ctenophores ; more complex animals have three main cell layers and no intermediate jelly-like layer . <SEP> which group ?
british victories continued in all theaters in the annus mirabilis of 1759 , when they finally captured ticonderoga , james wolfe defeated montcalm at quebec ( in a battle that claimed the lives of both commanders ) , and victory at fort niagara successfully cut off the french frontier forts further to the west and south . <SEP> what ?
the book of discipline is the guidebook for local churches and pastors and describes in considerable detail the organizational structure of local united methodist churches . <SEP> what ?
the royal university of warsaw was established in 1816 . <SEP> when ?
unfortunately , the country has not attained the level of investment and efficiency in agriculture that can guarantee food security and coupled with resulting poverty ( 53 % of the population lives below the poverty line ) , a significant portion of the population regularly starves and is heavily dependent on food aid . <SEP> what percent ?
on april 4 , disney sold the four newspapers that abc had controlled under capital cities to knight ridder for $ 1.65 billion . <SEP> who ?
when war broke out , the french used their trading connections to recruit fighters from tribes in western portions of the great lakes region ( an area not directly subject to the conflict between the french and british ) , including the huron , mississauga , ojibwa , winnebago , and potawatomi . <SEP> what ?
its collection spans 5,000 years of art , from ancient times to the present day , from the cultures of europe , north america , asia and north africa . <SEP> how many years ?
the 2013–14 season was a slight improvement for abc with three new hits in the goldbergs , agents of s.h.i.e.l.d . <SEP> what comic book series ?
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989. american composer john debney created a new arrangement of ron grainer 's original theme for doctor who in 1996. for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series . <SEP> for which doctor ?
the role of committees is stronger in the scottish parliament than in other parliamentary systems , partly as a means of strengthening the role of backbenchers in their scrutiny of the government and partly to compensate for the fact that there is no revising chamber . <SEP> what ?
the five pillars of islam ) spirituality and spiritual knowledge takes on a more important dimension , with emphasis on learning from living saints - the highest of which is a qutb - and of traditions passed down from initiate to initiate , and traceable back to the founder of the order . <SEP> what ?
in southern italy , the normans incorporated elements of islamic , lombard , and byzantine building techniques into their own , initiating a unique style known as norman-arab architecture within the kingdom of sicily . <SEP> what place ?
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines . <SEP> who ?
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver . <SEP> what year ?
however , in real life , matter has extended structure and forces that act on one part of an object might affect other parts of an object . <SEP> what ?
a computational problem can be viewed as an infinite collection of instances together with a solution for every instance . <SEP> what ?
otherwise , the physician has a financial self-interest in " diagnosing " as many conditions as possible , and in exaggerating their seriousness , because he or she can then sell more medications to the patient . <SEP> why ?
from italy , the disease spread northwest across europe , striking france , spain , portugal and england by june 1348 , then turned and spread east through germany and scandinavia from 1348 to 1350. it was introduced in norway in 1349 when a ship landed at askøy , then spread to bjørgvin ( modern bergen ) and iceland . <SEP> when ?
in may 2006 , the irish broadcaster setanta sports was awarded two of the six premier league packages that the english fa offered to broadcasters . <SEP> what year ?
they estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by differences in the amount of inequality in each province or state . <SEP> what ?
there are eleven lea-funded 11 to 18 schools and seven independent schools with sixth forms in newcastle . <SEP> how many lea-funded 11 to 18 schools ?
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega . <SEP> how many ?
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america . <SEP> what ?
martin luther ( /ˈluːθər/ or /ˈluːðər/ ; german : [ ˈmaɐ̯tiːn ˈlʊtɐ ] ( listen ) ; 10 november 1483 – 18 february 1546 ) was a german professor of theology , composer , priest , former monk and a seminal figure in the protestant reformation . <SEP> of what nationality ?
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions . <SEP> what ?
once kennedy 's moon landing goal became official , detailed design began of a command/service module ( csm ) in which the crew would spend the entire direct-ascent mission and lift off from the lunar surface for the return trip , after being soft-landed by a larger landing propulsion module . <SEP> what ?
the city 's speedway team newcastle diamonds are based at brough park in byker , a venue that is also home to greyhound racing . <SEP> what ?
such questions spurred the development of various branches of number theory , focusing on analytic or algebraic aspects of numbers . <SEP> what ?
nevertheless , a few other yuan emperors actively sponsored cultural activities ; an example is tugh temur ( emperor wenzong ) , who wrote poetry , painted , read chinese classical texts , and ordered the compilation of books . <SEP> what ?
for many geologic applications , isotope ratios of radioactive elements are measured in minerals that give the amount of time that has passed since a rock passed through its particular closure temperature , the point at which different radiometric isotopes stop diffusing into and out of the crystal lattice . <SEP> what type of ratios ?
walt disney and his brother roy contacted goldenson at the end of 1953 for abc to agree to finance part of the disneyland project in exchange for producing a television program for the network . <SEP> what ?
the academic bodies of the university of chicago consist of the college , four divisions of graduate research and seven professional schools . <SEP> of how many divisions of graduate ?
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation . <SEP> which ?
a few galleries were redesigned in the 1990s including the indian , japanese , chinese , iron work , the main glass galleries and the main silverware gallery which was further enhanced in 2002 when some of the victorian decoration was recreated . <SEP> which gallery ?
also developed by troika , the on-air design was intended to emphasize the availability of abc content across multiple platforms ( in particular , using a system of icons representing different devices , such as television , computers and mobile devices ) , and " simplify and bring a lot more consistency and continuity to the visual representation of abc " . <SEP> who ?
the jewellery collection , containing over 6000 items is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world and includes works dating from ancient egypt to the present day , as well as jewellery designs on paper . <SEP> from which ancient civilization ?
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us . <SEP> what ?
the program was named after the greek god of light , music , and the sun by nasa manager abe silverstein , who later said that " i was naming the spacecraft like i 'd name my baby . " <SEP> who ?
innovations in newcastle and surrounding areas included the development of safety lamps , stephenson 's rocket , lord armstrong 's artillery , be-ro flour , joseph swan 's electric light bulbs , and charles parsons ' invention of the steam turbine , which led to the revolution of marine propulsion and the production of cheap electricity . <SEP> what ?
the northern rock cyclone , a cycling festival , takes place within , or starting from , newcastle in june . <SEP> what type of festival ?
associating forces with vectors avoids such problems . <SEP> how ?
at the time of his death , the mongol empire stretched from the caspian sea to the sea of japan . <SEP> what sea ?
the war of the austrian succession ( whose north american theater is known as king george 's war ) formally ended in 1748 with the signing of the treaty of aix-la-chapelle . <SEP> what ?
tugh temür supported zhu xi 's neo-confucianism and also devoted himself in buddhism . <SEP> what religions ?
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal " sea gooseberry , " pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round . <SEP> where ?
after a three-day investigation , trump 's report concluded that there was nothing which would constitute a hazard in unfriendly hands , stating : <SEP> what ?
confirming it had reached its target , the broadcaster said its reach into 36 % of households in the uk represented an audience of more than 25m people . <SEP> how large ?
hospital pharmacies usually stock a larger range of medications , including more specialized medications , than would be feasible in the community setting . <SEP> what ?
further , the wisdom and prudence of certain decisions of procurement have been publicly questioned . <SEP> what else ?
by connecting the same string multiple times to the same object through the use of a set-up that uses movable pulleys , the tension force on a load can be multiplied . <SEP> what ?
an important factor in the creation of inequality is variation in individuals ' access to education . <SEP> what ?
until the all-channel receiver act ( passed by congress in 1961 ) mandated the inclusion of uhf tuning , most viewers needed to purchase a converter to be able to watch uhf stations , and the signal quality was marginal at best even with a converter . <SEP> what important legislation ?
indeed , for vice president agnew it has become a code-word describing the activities of muggers , arsonists , draft evaders , campaign hecklers , campus militants , anti-war demonstrators , juvenile delinquents and political assassins . " <SEP> in what activities ?
in this respect it is noteworthy that the bbc takes no position on the canonicity of any of such stories , and producers of the show have expressed distaste for the idea . <SEP> who ?
at state level , the parliament of victoria consists of the legislative assembly ( the lower house ) and the legislative council ( the upper house ) . <SEP> what ?
kenya is active in several sports , among them cricket , rallying , football , rugby union and boxing . <SEP> what sports ?
the john w. weeks bridge is a pedestrian bridge over the charles river connecting both campuses . <SEP> what ?
this traditional name continues as the standard in the united states , but it obscures the fact that indians fought on both sides of the conflict , and that this was part of the seven years ' war , a much larger conflict between france and great britain . <SEP> what ?
overall , between 1992 and 2008 the percent of pupils in such schools in germany increased from 6.1 % to 7.8 % ( including rise from 0.5 % to 6.1 % in the former gdr ) . <SEP> in 1992 , what percentage of east german students ?
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 . <SEP> what ?
when coal is used , a chain or screw stoking mechanism and its drive engine or motor may be included to move the fuel from a supply bin ( bunker ) to the firebox . <SEP> what mechanism ?
in his many notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon , he attributed the skin damage to various causes . <SEP> where ?
tesla made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-world war i environment in a printed article , " science and discovery are the great forces which will lead to the consummation of the war " ( 20 december 1914 ) . <SEP> when ?
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire . <SEP> which ?
saint-pierre said , " as to the summons you send me to retire , i do not think myself obliged to obey it . " <SEP> how ?
:43 , 301 on one occasion at his laboratory , tesla worked for a period of 84 hours without sleep or rest . <SEP> what amount of time ?
in 1983 , abc sold kxyz to the infinity broadcasting corporation . <SEP> what entity ?
gas turbines , for instance , have turbine entry temperatures approaching 1500 °c . <SEP> what ?
however its role participation in the legislative process still remains limited because no member can actually or pass legislation without the commission and council , meaning power ( " kratia " ) is not in the hands of directly elected representatives of the people ( " demos " ) : in the eu it is not yet true that " the administration is in the hands of the many and not of the few . " <SEP> what two bodies ?
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute . <SEP> what ?
gandhi 's acts have been described as revolutionary civil disobedience . <SEP> of who ?
at the columbian exposition , under a banner announcing the " tesla polyphase system " , tesla demonstrated a series of electrical effects previously performed throughout america and europe , :76 included using high-voltage , high-frequency alternating current to light a wireless gas-discharge lamp . <SEP> what ?
students graduating in the top 4–5 % of the class are awarded degrees summa cum laude , students in the next 15 % of the class are awarded magna cum laude , and the next 30 % of the class are awarded cum laude . <SEP> what ?
the jawaharlal nehru gallery of indian art , opened in 1991 , contains art from about 500 bc to the 19th century . <SEP> who ?
the only story from the original series in which the doctor travels alone is the deadly assassin . <SEP> what ?
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility . <SEP> when ?
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers . <SEP> how many yards ?
cabinet consists of representatives elected to either house of parliament . <SEP> who ?
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes . <SEP> when ?
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl . <SEP> what ?
in the presidential elections , president kibaki under the party of national unity ran for re-election against the main opposition party , the orange democratic movement ( odm ) . <SEP> what party ?
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union . <SEP> where ?
the network 's troubles with sustaining existing series and gaining new hits spilled over into its 2010–11 schedule : abc 's dramas during that season continued to fail , with the midseason forensic investigation drama body of proof being the only one that was renewed for a second season . <SEP> what ?
the costume collection is the most comprehensive in britain , containing over 14,000 outfits plus accessories , mainly dating from 1600 to the present . <SEP> approximately how many items ?
if they enter less dense brackish water , the ciliary rosettes in the body cavity may pump this into the mesoglea to increase its bulk and decrease its density , to avoid sinking . <SEP> what ?
the physician wei yilin ( 1277–1347 ) invented a suspension method for reducing dislocated joints , which he performed using anesthetics . <SEP> when ?
to the east is the colorado desert and the colorado river at the border with arizona , and the mojave desert at the border with the state of nevada . <SEP> what ?
during his second year of study at graz , tesla developed a passion for ( and became very proficient at ) billiards , chess and card-playing , sometimes spending more than 48 hours in a stretch at a gaming table . <SEP> how long ?
hayri abaza argues the failure to distinguish between islam and islamism leads many in the west to support illiberal islamic regimes , to the detriment of progressive moderates who seek to separate religion from politics . <SEP> what ?
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river . <SEP> how wide ?
cestids can swim by undulating their bodies as well as by the beating of their comb-rows . <SEP> how ?
it is often found in the chloroplasts of c4 plants , though it has also been found in some c3 angiosperms , and even some gymnosperms . <SEP> where ?
within a few months , the budapest telephone exchange became functional and tesla was allocated the chief electrician position . <SEP> which company ?
atp synthase is a large protein complex that harnesses the concentration gradient of the hydrogen ions in the thylakoid space to generate atp energy as the hydrogen ions flow back out into the stroma—much like a dam turbine . <SEP> what ?
the mongols characterized otachi doctors by their use of herbal remedies , which was distinguished from the spiritual cures of mongol shamanism . <SEP> what type of medicine ?
it has a neoclassical façade , originally designed by the architect john dobson , and was constructed in collaboration with robert stephenson . <SEP> who ?
for example , in van binsbergen v bestuur van de bedrijfvereniging voor de metaalnijverheid a dutch lawyer moved to belgium while advising a client in a social security case , and was told he could not continue because dutch law said only people established in the netherlands could give legal advice . <SEP> why ?
in 1951 , noble held a 58 % ownership stake in abc , giving him $ 5 million with which to prevent abc from going bankrupt ; as banks refused further credit , that amount was obtained through a loan from the prudential insurance company of america . <SEP> what ?
both before and after the 1708 passage of the foreign protestants naturalization act , an estimated 50,000 protestant walloons and huguenots fled to england , with many moving on to ireland and elsewhere . <SEP> what english law ?
and " [ that ] reason in no way contributes to faith . <SEP> how ?
ironically , just such a failure happened on apollo 13 when an oxygen tank explosion left the command ship without electrical power . <SEP> what apollo mission ?
here , personal success is a student 's internal goal of improving himself , whereas academic success includes the goals he receives from his superior . <SEP> what ?
by making rest physically indistinguishable from non-zero constant velocity , newton 's first law directly connects inertia with the concept of relative velocities . <SEP> what law ?
for example , the working time directive requires that every worker has at least 4 weeks paid holidays each year , but most member states require more than 28 days in national law . <SEP> how many ?
however , a residual of the force is observed between hadrons ( the best known example being the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei ) as the nuclear force . <SEP> what ?
as he studied these portions of the bible , he came to view the use of terms such as penance and righteousness by the catholic church in new ways . <SEP> what sections of church dogma ?
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003. other lesser known groups include the islamic liberation party , salvation from hell and takfir wal-hijra , and these groups have variously been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures , arson of video shops and attempted takeovers of government buildings . <SEP> who ?
japanese imports , primarily the toyota corona , the toyota corolla , the datsun b210 , the datsun 510 , the honda civic , the mitsubishi galant ( a captive import from chrysler sold as the dodge colt ) , the subaru dl , and later the honda accord all had four cylinder engines that were more fuel efficient than the typical american v8 and six cylinder engines . <SEP> what type of engines ?
during detention , students normally have to sit in a classroom and do work , write lines or a punishment essay , or sit quietly . <SEP> how ?
the crew that flew the first earth orbital test mission apollo 7 , walter m. schirra , donn eisele , and walter cunningham , were awarded the lesser nasa exceptional service medal , because of discipline problems with the flight director 's orders during their flight . <SEP> what ?
british english is primarily used in the country . <SEP> where ?
if a lawyer wishes to help a client overcome legal obstacles to securing her or his natural rights , he might , for instance , find that assisting in fabricating evidence or committing perjury is more effective than open disobedience . <SEP> what ?
water in equilibrium with air contains approximately 1 molecule of dissolved o 2 for every 2 molecules of n 2 , compared to an atmospheric ratio of approximately 1:4. the solubility of oxygen in water is temperature-dependent , and about twice as much ( 14.6 mg·l−1 ) dissolves at 0 °c than at 20 °c ( 7.6 mg·l−1 ) . <SEP> what ?
in 2006 , internet2 announced a partnership with level 3 communications to launch a brand new nationwide network , boosting its capacity from 10 gbit/s to 100 gbit/s . <SEP> who ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> how many ?
these attacks resonated with conservative muslims and the problem did not go away with saddam 's defeat either , since american troops remained stationed in the kingdom , and a de facto cooperation with the palestinian-israeli peace process developed . <SEP> where ?
hospital pharmacies can often be found within the premises of the hospital . <SEP> where ?
the astronauts would begin wearing a new apollo spacesuit , designed to accommodate lunar extravehicular activity ( eva ) . <SEP> what ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> when ?
both liquid and solid o 2 are clear substances with a light sky-blue color caused by absorption in the red ( in contrast with the blue color of the sky , which is due to rayleigh scattering of blue light ) . <SEP> what ?
although the traditional chinese elite were not given their share of power , the mongols and the semuren ( various allied groups from central asia and the western end of the empire ) largely remained strangers to the mainstream chinese culture , and this dichotomy gave the yuan regime a somewhat strong " colonial " coloration . <SEP> how ?
construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser , while construction typically takes place on location for a known client . <SEP> who ?
however , the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... diverges ( i.e. , exceeds any given number ) , so there must be infinitely many primes . <SEP> what ?
this was a huge influx as the entire population of the dutch republic amounted to ca . 2 million at that time . <SEP> what ?
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible . <SEP> what position ?
also , the block ii spacesuit was revised for the extended missions to allow greater flexibility and visibility for driving the lrv . <SEP> what ?
teachers have the option to teach for a public school which is funded by the provincial government or teaching in a private school which is funded by the private sector , businesses and sponsors . <SEP> where ?
occasionally , regular-series episodes will exceed the 45-minute run time ; notably , the episodes " journey 's end " from 2008 and " the eleventh hour " from 2010 exceeded an hour in length . <SEP> what year ?
inherited wealth may help explain why many americans who have become rich may have had a " substantial head start " . <SEP> what ?
much of jacksonville 's filipino community served in or has ties to the united states navy . <SEP> what jacksonville community ?
public schools , also known as state or government schools , are funded and run directly by the victoria department of education . <SEP> what organization ?
it is here that the rhine encounters some more of its main tributaries , such as the neckar , the main and , later , the moselle , which contributes an average discharge of more than 300 m3/s ( 11,000 cu ft/s ) . <SEP> which of the tributaries in germany ?
granal thylakoids are pancake-shaped circular disks about 300–600 nanometers in diameter . <SEP> what shape ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> who ?
this gives a theoretical carnot efficiency of about 63 % compared with an actual efficiency of 42 % for a modern coal-fired power station . <SEP> what ?
archbishop albrecht of mainz and magdeburg did not reply to luther 's letter containing the 95 theses . <SEP> to whom ?
phycobilins often organize into relatively large protein complexes about 40 nanometers across called phycobilisomes . <SEP> how big ?
because of this , ethelred fled to normandy in 1013 , when he was forced from his kingdom by sweyn forkbeard . <SEP> who ?
as of august 2010 , victoria had 1,548 public schools , 489 catholic schools and 214 independent schools . <SEP> how many ?
at the destination , the original message/data is reassembled in the correct order , based on the packet sequence number . <SEP> what ?
about the time of the first landing in 1969 , it was decided to use an existing saturn v to launch the skylab orbital laboratory pre-built on the ground , replacing the original plan to construct it in orbit from several saturn ib launches ; this eliminated apollo 20. nasa 's yearly budget also began to shrink in light of the successful landing , and nasa also had to make funds available for the development of the upcoming space shuttle . <SEP> what apollo mission ?
:251 although the aircraft was probably impractical , it may be the earliest known design for what became the tiltrotor/tilt-wing concept as well as the earliest proposal for the use of turbine engines in rotor aircraft . <SEP> what kind of engines ?
teu article 16 ( 4 ) and tfeu article 238 ( 3 ) define this to mean at least 55 per cent of the council members ( not votes ) representing 65 per cent of the population of the eu : currently this means around 74 per cent , or 260 of the 352 votes . <SEP> how many votes out of the 352 total votes ?
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot . <SEP> what year ?
the university of chicago was created and incorporated as a coeducational , secular institution in 1890 by the american baptist education society and a donation from oil magnate and philanthropist john d. rockefeller on land donated by marshall field . <SEP> who ?
the peridinin chloroplast is bounded by three membranes ( occasionally two ) , having lost the red algal endosymbiont 's original cell membrane . <SEP> what ?
today , justifying grace is also known as conversion , " accepting jesus as your personal lord and savior , " or being " born again " . <SEP> what ?
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary . <SEP> when ?
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey . <SEP> what cancer researchers ?
the english channel , the irish channel and most of the north sea were dry land , mainly because sea level was approximately 120 m ( 390 ft ) lower than today . <SEP> how much lower ?
frontex , the european union agency for external border security , has its headquarters in warsaw . <SEP> what ?
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences . <SEP> where ?
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia . <SEP> who ?
the region is home to about 2.5 million insect species , tens of thousands of plants , and some 2,000 birds and mammals . <SEP> to how many species of insect ?
the affected region was approximate 1,160,000 square miles ( 3,000,000 km2 ) of rainforest , compared to 734,000 square miles ( 1,900,000 km2 ) in 2005. the 2010 drought had three epicenters where vegetation died off , whereas in 2005 the drought was focused on the southwestern part . <SEP> how many ?
when two forces act on a point particle , the resulting force , the resultant ( also called the net force ) , can be determined by following the parallelogram rule of vector addition : the addition of two vectors represented by sides of a parallelogram , gives an equivalent resultant vector that is equal in magnitude and direction to the transversal of the parallelogram . <SEP> what ?
perhaps surprisingly , each of these models can be converted to another without providing any extra computational power . <SEP> what ?
bskyb utilises the videoguard pay-tv scrambling system owned by nds , a cisco systems company . <SEP> who ?
the engulfed alga was broken down , leaving only its chloroplast , and sometimes its cell membrane and nucleus , forming a chloroplast with three or four membranes—the two cyanobacterial membranes , sometimes the eaten alga 's cell membrane , and the phagosomal vacuole from the host 's cell membrane . <SEP> what ?
in typical geological investigations , geologists use primary information related to petrology ( the study of rocks ) , stratigraphy ( the study of sedimentary layers ) , and structural geology ( the study of positions of rock units and their deformation ) . <SEP> what ?
if a problem x is in c and hard for c , then x is said to be complete for c. this means that x is the hardest problem in c. ( since many problems could be equally hard , one might say that x is one of the hardest problems in c. ) thus the class of np-complete problems contains the most difficult problems in np , in the sense that they are the ones most likely not to be in p. because the problem p = np is not solved , being able to reduce a known np-complete problem , π2 , to another problem , π1 , would indicate that there is no known polynomial-time solution for π1 . <SEP> what conclusion ?
by staging the expansion in multiple cylinders , torque variability can be reduced . <SEP> what ?
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system . <SEP> in what year ?
from the eocene onwards , the ongoing alpine orogeny caused a n–s rift system to develop in this zone . <SEP> what rift system ?
through stream capture , the rhine extended its watershed southward . <SEP> how ?
the jameel gallery of islamic art , opened in 2006 , houses a representative display of 400 objects with the highlight being the ardabil carpet , the centrepiece of the gallery . <SEP> in which year ?
tesla was able to perform integral calculus in his head , which prompted his teachers to believe that he was cheating . <SEP> what ?
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice . <SEP> which of his future general 's fathers ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> which player ?
luther had published his german translation of the new testament in 1522 , and he and his collaborators completed the translation of the old testament in 1534 , when the whole bible was published . <SEP> when ?
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) . <SEP> how many bits ?
the strong and weak forces are nuclear forces that act only at very short distances , and are responsible for the interactions between subatomic particles , including nucleons and compound nuclei . <SEP> what nuclear forces ?
polonia was relegated from the country 's top flight in 2013 because of their disastrous financial situation . <SEP> why ?
in democratic , multiparty elections in 1992 and 1997 , daniel arap moi won re-election . <SEP> who ?
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth . <SEP> what ?
sanders was his top receiver with six receptions for 83 yards . <SEP> who ?
these branch through the mesoglea to the most active parts of the animal : the mouth and pharynx ; the roots of the tentacles , if present ; all along the underside of each comb row ; and four branches round the sensory complex at the far end from the mouth – two of these four branches terminate in anal pores . <SEP> what ?
andy taylor , former lead guitarist of duran duran was born here in 1961. brian johnson was a member of local rock band geordie before becoming the lead vocalist of ac/dc . <SEP> what group ?
however , in the early 11th century the dukes began a programme of church reform , encouraging the cluniac reform of monasteries and patronising intellectual pursuits , especially the proliferation of scriptoria and the reconstitution of a compilation of lost illuminated manuscripts . <SEP> when ?
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world . <SEP> approximately how many items ?
the contracted batch of 15 saturn vs were enough for lunar landing missions through apollo 20. nasa publicized a preliminary list of eight more planned landing sites , with plans to increase the mass of the csm and lm for the last five missions , along with the payload capacity of the saturn v. these final missions would combine the i and j types in the 1967 list , allowing the cmp to operate a package of lunar orbital sensors and cameras while his companions were on the surface , and allowing them to stay on the moon for over three days . <SEP> how many more landing sites for the apollo missions ?
as abc began to outgrow its facilities at 7 west 66th street , goldenson found a new headquarters for abc in a 44 story building located at 1330 avenue of the americas in manhattan , at the corner of 54th street ( now occupied by the financial times 's new york office ) . <SEP> at what address ?
the victorian alps in the northeast are the coldest part of victoria . <SEP> where ?
a job where there are few able or willing workers ( low supply ) , but a large need for the positions ( high demand ) , will result in high wages for that job . <SEP> what type of wages ?
one result of this was a campaign of attacks on government officials and tourists in egypt , a bloody civil war in algeria and osama bin laden 's terror attacks climaxing in the 9/11 attack . <SEP> who ?
after the defeat of the khwarezmian empire in 1220 , genghis khan gathered his forces in persia and armenia to return to the mongolian steppes . <SEP> what year ?
after petitioning the british crown in 1697 for the right to own land in the baronies , they prospered as slave owners on the cooper , ashepoo , ashley and santee river plantations they purchased from the british landgrave edmund bellinger . <SEP> from whom ?
in large parts , newcastle still retains a medieval street layout . <SEP> what type of layout ?
the panthers line also featured veteran defensive end jared allen , a 5-time pro bowler who was the nfl 's active career sack leader with 136 , along with defensive end kony ealy , who had 5 sacks in just 9 starts . <SEP> who ?
from 1525 to 1529 , he established a supervisory church body , laid down a new form of worship service , and wrote a clear summary of the new faith in the form of two catechisms . <SEP> what ?
kenya 's inclusion among the beneficiaries of the us government 's african growth and opportunity act ( agoa ) has given a boost to manufacturing in recent years . <SEP> what ?
the iroquois confederation dominated much of present-day upstate new york and the ohio country , although the latter also included algonquian-speaking populations of delaware and shawnee , as well as iroquoian-speaking mingo . <SEP> where ?
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls . <SEP> who ?
the rhine bridge at arnhem , immortalized in the book , a bridge too far and the film , was a central focus of the battle for arnhem , during the failed operation market garden of september 1944. the bridges at nijmegen , over the waal distributary of the rhine , were also an objective of operation market garden . <SEP> when ?
considering that the great majority of worldwide electric generation is produced by turbine type steam engines , the " steam age " is continuing with energy levels far beyond those of the turn of the 19th century . <SEP> what type of steam engine ?
problems with the yes/no answers reversed ) of np problems . <SEP> how ?
kennedy was circumspect in his response to the news , refusing to make a commitment on america 's response to the soviets . <SEP> what ?
members of the united methodist church who identify with the pro-life position have organized into the taskforce of united methodists on abortion and sexuality ( tumas ) to further their position within the denomination . <SEP> what ?
harvard 's athletic rivalry with yale is intense in every sport in which they meet , coming to a climax each fall in the annual football meeting , which dates back to 1875 and is usually called simply " the game " . <SEP> what ?
van gend en loos , a postal company , claimed that what is now tfeu article 30 prevented the dutch customs authorities charging tariffs , when it imported urea-formaldehyde plastics from germany to the netherlands . <SEP> what type of company ?
bento de moura portugal introduced an ingenious improvement of savery 's construction " to render it capable of working itself " , as described by john smeaton in the philosophical transactions published in 1751. it continued to be manufactured until the late 18th century . <SEP> who ?
due to its electronegativity , oxygen forms chemical bonds with almost all other elements to give corresponding oxides . <SEP> what ?
one of the most important cities in this region is duisburg with the largest river port in europe ( duisport ) . <SEP> what city ?
on teacher/course evaluations , it was found that teachers who have a positive disposition towards the course content tend to transfer their passion to receptive students . <SEP> what ?
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations . <SEP> what notion ?
some suggest that marco polo acquired much of his knowledge through contact with persian traders since many of the places he named were in persian . <SEP> how ?
tesla was incorrect in his assumption that high frequency radio waves would penetrate water but émile girardeau , who helped develop france 's first radar system in the 1930s , noted in 1953 that tesla 's general speculation that a very strong high frequency signal would be needed was correct stating " ( tesla ) was prophesying or dreaming , since he had at his disposal no means of carrying them out , but one must add that if he was dreaming , at least he was dreaming correctly . <SEP> who ?
the fresno chandler executive airport is also on the west side . <SEP> where ?
the espn deportes spanish broadcast was made available through watchespn . <SEP> where ?
oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema , pneumonia , some heart disorders ( congestive heart failure ) , some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure , and any disease that impairs the body 's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen . <SEP> what ?
the united methodist church has since 1985 been exploring a possible merger with three historically african-american methodist denominations : the african methodist episcopal church , the african methodist episcopal zion church , and the christian methodist episcopal church . <SEP> what year ?
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense . <SEP> approximately how many textiles ?
the institute will cost around $ 200 million and occupy the buildings of the chicago theological seminary . <SEP> what buildings ?
the scottish parliament building was designed by spanish architect enric miralles in partnership with local edinburgh architecture firm rmjm which was led by design principal tony kettle . <SEP> what nationality ?
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season . <SEP> for what ?
though they retained the name , these streams no longer carry water from the rhine , but are used for draining the surrounding land and polders . <SEP> for what ?
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no . <SEP> what ?
greater london has over 900,000 muslims , ( most of south asian origins and concentrated in the east london boroughs of newham , tower hamlets and waltham forest ) , and among them are some with a strong islamist outlook . <SEP> how many ?
inflammation is produced by eicosanoids and cytokines , which are released by injured or infected cells . <SEP> what ?
the score marked the first time in the entire postseason that carolina was facing a deficit . <SEP> what ?
thus the time required to solve a problem ( or the space required , or any measure of complexity ) is calculated as a function of the size of the instance . <SEP> how ?
in official chinese histories , the yuan dynasty bore the mandate of heaven , following the song dynasty and preceding the ming dynasty . <SEP> what dynasty ?
although the traditional chinese elite were not given their share of power , the mongols and the semuren ( various allied groups from central asia and the western end of the empire ) largely remained strangers to the mainstream chinese culture , and this dichotomy gave the yuan regime a somewhat strong " colonial " coloration . <SEP> who ?
the present building was begun in the 12th century and the last addition to it , apart from the vestries , was the main porch in 1726. it is quite possible that there was an earlier church here dating from saxon times . <SEP> what year ?
newcastle university has its origins in the school of medicine and surgery , established in 1834 and became independent from durham university on 1 august 1963 to form the university of newcastle upon tyne . <SEP> which university ?
more recently , in january 2015 , oxfam reported that the wealthiest 1 percent will own more than half of the global wealth by 2016. an october 2014 study by credit suisse also claims that the top 1 % now own nearly half of the world 's wealth and that the accelerating disparity could trigger a recession . <SEP> how much of the global wealth ?
another important monument , the statue of little insurgent located at the ramparts of the old town , commemorates the children who served as messengers and frontline troops in the warsaw uprising , while the impressive warsaw uprising monument by wincenty kućma was erected in memory of the largest insurrection of world war ii . <SEP> what monument ?
the invading normans and their descendants replaced the anglo-saxons as the ruling class of england . <SEP> who ?
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game . <SEP> what ?
the area is also known for its early twentieth century homes , many of which have been restored in recent decades . <SEP> how recently ?
thereafter , technological developments and improvements in manufacturing techniques ( partly brought about by the adoption of the steam engine as a power source ) resulted in the design of more efficient engines that could be smaller , faster , or more powerful , depending on the intended application . <SEP> what ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> who ?
braddock ( with george washington as one of his aides ) led about 1,500 army troops and provincial militia on an expedition in june 1755 to take fort duquesne . <SEP> who ?
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> where ?
in germany , teachers are mainly civil servants recruited in special university classes , called lehramtstudien ( teaching education studies ) . <SEP> what ?
carolina 's secondary featured pro bowl safety kurt coleman , who led the team with a career high seven interceptions , while also racking up 88 tackles and pro bowl cornerback josh norman , who developed into a shutdown corner during the season and had four interceptions , two of which were returned for touchdowns . <SEP> which player ?
it is said that they landed on the coastline peninsula of davenports neck called " bauffet 's point " after traveling from england where they had previously taken refuge on account of religious persecution , four years before the revocation of the edict of nantes . <SEP> where ?
at a khuruldai , a council of mongol chiefs , temüjin was acknowledged as " khan " of the consolidated tribes and took the new title " genghis khan " . <SEP> who ?
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900. james bryant conant led the university through the great depression and world war ii and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war . <SEP> what ?
in 1937 , at a luncheon in his honor concerning the death ray , tesla stated , " but it is not an experiment ... i have built , demonstrated and used it . <SEP> when ?
the left one is situated both on the moraine plateau ( 10 to 25 m ( 32.8 to 82.0 ft ) above vistula level ) and on the vistula terraces ( max . <SEP> which plateau ?
tesla thought the plane would sell for less than $ 1,000 . <SEP> what ?
bskyb 's digital service was officially launched on 1 october 1998 under the name sky digital , although small-scale tests were carried out before then . <SEP> what ?
in 2011 the board of pharmaceutical specialties approved ambulatory care pharmacy practice as a separate board certification . <SEP> when ?
a turing machine is a mathematical model of a general computing machine . <SEP> what ?
after the sixth sermon , the wittenberg jurist jerome schurf wrote to the elector : " oh , what joy has dr. martin 's return spread among us ! <SEP> what ?
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) . <SEP> what ?
planetary geologists have measured different abundances of oxygen isotopes in samples from the earth , the moon , mars , and meteorites , but were long unable to obtain reference values for the isotope ratios in the sun , believed to be the same as those of the primordial solar nebula . <SEP> what celestial object ?
at this time , methodists had not yet broken away from the anglican church and the methodist episcopal church was not founded until 1784 . <SEP> when ?
the arrested persons were found " guilty , " nevertheless , and given suspended sentences , conditional on their not reentering the test site grounds . <SEP> what type of sentences ?
geophysical data and well logs can be combined to produce a better view of the subsurface , and stratigraphers often use computer programs to do this in three dimensions . <SEP> what ?
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north . <SEP> what ?
saudi arabia , trying to recover market share , increased production , pushing prices down , shrinking or eliminating profits for high-cost producers . <SEP> why ?
the organisation is required to comply with the financial regulations and rules of the wmo . <SEP> what ?
the combined wealth of the " 10 million dollar millionaires " grew to nearly $ 41 trillion in 2008. a january 2014 report by oxfam claims that the 85 wealthiest individuals in the world have a combined wealth equal to that of the bottom 50 % of the world 's population , or about 3.5 billion people . <SEP> how many ?
recent research has found a correlation between teacher enthusiasm and students ' intrinsic motivation to learn and vitality in the classroom . <SEP> what ?
with international criminal court trial dates in 2013 for both president kenyatta and deputy president william ruto related to the 2007 election aftermath , us president barack obama chose not to visit the country during his mid-2013 african trip . <SEP> who ?
jon culshaw frequently impersonates the fourth doctor in the bbc dead ringers series . <SEP> who ?
by mass , oxygen is the third-most abundant element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium . <SEP> how abundant ?
formed in november 1990 by the equal merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting , bskyb became the uk 's largest digital subscription television company . <SEP> who ?
in fact , most eu law is applied by member state courts ( the english court of appeal , the german bundesgerichtshof , the belgian cour du travail , etc . ) <SEP> under which courts ?
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns . <SEP> how many touchdowns ?
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season . <SEP> what year ?
on march 16 , 1985 , abc 's executive committee accepted the merger offer , which was formally announced on march 18 , 1985 , with capital cities purchasing abc and its related properties for $ 3.5 billion and $ 118 for each of abc 's shares as well as a guarantee of 10 % ( or $ 3 ) for a total of $ 121 per share . <SEP> how much ?
the pound-force has a metric counterpart , less commonly used than the newton : the kilogram-force ( kgf ) ( sometimes kilopond ) , is the force exerted by standard gravity on one kilogram of mass . <SEP> what ?
the tech coast is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region 's diversified technology and industrial base as well as its multitude of prestigious and world-renowned research universities and other public and private institutions . <SEP> what ?
in addition to certification , many educational institutions especially within the us , require that prospective teachers pass a background check and psychiatric evaluation to be able to teach in classroom . <SEP> what ?
uk law only required £1 of capital to start a company , while denmark 's legislature took the view companies should only be started up if they had 200,000 danish krone ( around €27,000 ) to protect creditors if the company failed and went insolvent . <SEP> how much capital ?
central business districts ( cbd ) include downtown los angeles , downtown san diego , downtown san bernardino , downtown bakersfield , south coast metro and downtown riverside . <SEP> what ?
in the river , electric eels can produce an electric shock that can stun or kill , while piranha are known to bite and injure humans . <SEP> which animal that lives in the amazon river ?
the fire that killed the apollo 1 crew in a launch pad test spread so rapidly because the capsule was pressurized with pure o 2 but at slightly more than atmospheric pressure , instead of the 1⁄3 normal pressure that would be used in a mission . <SEP> who ?
that same year , capital cities/abc purchased the french animation studio dic entertainment ; it also signed an agreement with time warner cable to carry its owned-and-operated television stations on the provider 's systems in abc o & o markets . <SEP> what french animation studio ?
chloroplasts do not normally develop from proplastids in root tip meristems—instead , the formation of starch-storing amyloplasts is more common . <SEP> what ?
the plan is expected to take about ten years and was started in 2002. to date several galleries have been redesigned , notably , in 2002 : the main silver gallery , contemporary ; in 2003 : photography , the main entrance , the painting galleries ; in 2004 : the tunnel to the subway leading to south kensington tube station , new signage throughout the museum , architecture , v & a and riba reading rooms and stores , metalware , members ' room , contemporary glass , the gilbert bayes sculpture gallery ; in 2005 : portrait miniatures , prints and drawings , displays in room 117 , the garden , sacred silver and stained glass ; in 2006 : central hall shop , islamic middle east , the new café , sculpture galleries . <SEP> to which tube station ?
additionally , steeper tax progressivity applied to social spending can result in a more equal distribution of income across the board . <SEP> what ?
algiers lost 30 to 50 thousand inhabitants to it in 1620–21 , and again in 1654–57 , 1665 , 1691 , and 1740–42 . <SEP> how many people ?
the lockstep situation of the ipcc is having built a broad science consensus while states and governments still follow different , if not opposing goals . <SEP> whose goals often still ?
han chinese were moved to central asian areas like besh baliq , almaliq , and samarqand by the mongols where they worked as artisans and farmers . <SEP> what types of work ?
where the laws of member states provide for lesser rights european union law can be enforced by the courts of member states . <SEP> who ?
in bays where they occur in very high numbers , predation by ctenophores may control the populations of small zooplanktonic organisms such as copepods , which might otherwise wipe out the phytoplankton ( planktonic plants ) , which are a vital part of marine food chains . <SEP> where ?
ht sees islam 's pivotal turning point as occurring not with the death of ali , or one of the other four rightly guided caliphs in the 7th century , but with the abolition of the ottoman caliphate in 1924. this is believed to have ended the true islamic system , something for which it blames " the disbelieving ( kafir ) colonial powers " working through turkish modernist mustafa kemal atatürk . <SEP> what ?
the acme of the horizontal engine was the corliss steam engine , patented in 1849 , which was a four-valve counter flow engine with separate steam admission and exhaust valves and automatic variable steam cutoff . <SEP> what ?
over the six years studied , the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by ipcc 's 2001 projection , and the actual sea level rise was above the top of the range of the ipcc projection . <SEP> how ?
to be recognized as local church lay servant , they must be recommended by their pastor and church council or charge conference , and complete the basic course for lay servant . <SEP> how ?
restrictions implemented by disney–abc television group on january 7 , 2014 restrict streaming of the most recent episode of any abc program on hulu and watch abc until eight days after their initial broadcast , in order to encourage live or same-week ( via both dvr and cable on demand ) viewing , with day-after-air streaming on either service limited to subscribers of participating pay television providers ( such as comcast , verizon fios and time warner cable ) using an isp account via an authenticated user login . <SEP> that ?
after the german invasion of poland on 1 september 1939 began the second world war , warsaw was defended till september 27. central poland , including warsaw , came under the rule of the general government , a german nazi colonial administration . <SEP> who ?
glaucophyte chloroplasts also contain concentric unstacked thylakoids , which surround a carboxysome - an icosahedral structure that glaucophyte chloroplasts and cyanobacteria keep their carbon fixation enzyme rubisco in . <SEP> what ?
the development of this fertile soil allowed agriculture and silviculture in the previously hostile environment ; meaning that large portions of the amazon rainforest are probably the result of centuries of human management , rather than naturally occurring as has previously been supposed . <SEP> what ?
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney . <SEP> which rail line ?
published comments on kenya 's capital fm website by liu guangyuan , china 's ambassador to kenya , at the time of president kenyatta 's 2013 trip to beijing , said , " chinese investment in kenya ... reached $ 474 million , representing kenya 's largest source of foreign direct investment , and ... bilateral trade ... reached $ 2.84 billion " in 2012. kenyatta was " [ a ] ccompanied by 60 kenyan business people [ and hoped to ] ... gain support from china for a planned $ 2.5 billion railway from the southern kenyan port of mombasa to neighboring uganda , as well as a nearly $ 1.8 billion dam " , according to a statement from the president 's office also at the time of the trip . <SEP> what ?
in yuan poetry , the main development was the qu , which was used among other poetic forms by most of the famous yuan poets . <SEP> what form of poetry ?
bowman was the director of the american geographical society in 1914. three years later in 1917 , he was appointed to then president woodrow wilson 's inquiry in 1917. the inquiry was the idea of president wilson and the american delegation from the paris peace conference . <SEP> who besides woodrow wilson ?
the adaptive immune system evolved in early vertebrates and allows for a stronger immune response as well as immunological memory , where each pathogen is " remembered " by a signature antigen . <SEP> in what types of organisms ?
the current mandatory committees in the fourth session of the scottish parliament are : public audit ; equal opportunities ; european and external relations ; finance ; public petitions ; standards , procedures and public appointments ; and delegated powers and law reform . <SEP> what session ?
western medicine was also practiced in china by the nestorian christians of the yuan court , where it was sometimes labeled as huihui or muslim medicine . <SEP> what ?
most of these events are centred on melbourne , but others occur in regional cities , such as the v8 supercars and australian motorcycle grand prix at phillip island , the grand annual steeplechase at warrnambool and the australian international airshow at geelong and numerous local festivals such as the popular port fairy folk festival , queenscliff music festival , bells beach surfclassic and the bright autumn festival . <SEP> where ?
however he can not do so until a 4-week period has elapsed , during which the law officers of the scottish government or uk government can refer the bill to the supreme court of the united kingdom for a ruling on whether it is within the powers of the parliament . <SEP> what ?
the medals were awarded posthumously to grissom , white , and chaffee in 1969 , then to the crews of all missions from apollo 8 onward . <SEP> in what year ?
in 2006 , 304,016 companies were registered in the city . <SEP> how many ?
the early united states expressed its opposition to imperialism , at least in a form distinct from its own manifest destiny , through policies such as the monroe doctrine . <SEP> how ?
however , the university chose to withdraw from the conference in 1946 after university president robert maynard hutchins de-emphasized varsity athletics in 1939 and dropped football . <SEP> why ?
the uk subsequently was the only member state to veto the social charter being included as the " social chapter " of the 1992 maastricht treaty - instead , an agreement on social policy was added as a protocol . <SEP> what year ?
warsaw 's economy , by a wide variety of industries , is characterised by fmcg manufacturing , metal processing , steel and electronic manufacturing and food processing . <SEP> what ?
the episode " the time of the doctor " depicted the doctor acquiring a new cycle of regenerations , starting from the twelfth doctor , due to the eleventh doctor being the product of the doctor 's twelfth regeneration from his original set . <SEP> in what ?
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach . <SEP> what ruler ?
there have been repeated discussions about regulating the use of his name and image to avoid trivialization . <SEP> why ?
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue . <SEP> what ?
the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience took place during the roman empire [ citation needed ] . <SEP> when ?
indeed , one of the first clues that the phlogiston theory was incorrect was that metals , too , gain weight in rusting ( when they were supposedly losing phlogiston ) . <SEP> what material 's weight gain during rusting ?
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " . <SEP> what ?
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story . <SEP> what ?
because it expressed essential reformation doctrine , this expanded version of " aus tiefer not " was designated as a regular component of several regional lutheran liturgies and was widely used at funerals , including luther 's own . <SEP> what ?
as a result of his role in the inquiry , isiah bowman would come to be known as wilson 's geographer . <SEP> what ?
the wars of religion precluded a return voyage , and the outpost was abandoned . <SEP> what european event ?
ogedei 's grandson kaidu refused to submit to kublai and threatened the western frontier of kublai 's domain . <SEP> who ?
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) . <SEP> how long ?
full citizenship rights – ‘ ’ assimilation ’ ’ – were offered , although in reality assimilation was always on the distant horizon . <SEP> what ?
folklore says that a river was diverted over his grave to make it impossible to find ( the same manner of burial as the sumerian king gilgamesh of uruk and atilla the hun ) . <SEP> what two other rulers ?
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north . <SEP> what ?
the three most important aspects of teacher enthusiasm are enthusiasm about teaching , enthusiasm about the students , and enthusiasm about the subject matter . <SEP> what ?
physicists are still attempting to develop self-consistent unification models that would combine all four fundamental interactions into a theory of everything . <SEP> what type of physics model ?
to celebrate the 40th anniversary in 2003 , an audio drama titled zagreus featuring paul mcgann , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and peter davison was released with additional archive recordings of jon pertwee . <SEP> in what year ?
scientists have described between 96,660 and 128,843 invertebrate species in brazil alone . <SEP> how many invertebrate species ?
this document , the guanabara confession of faith , became the first protestant confession of faith in the whole of the americas . <SEP> by what document ?
more specifically , the double bond is the result of sequential , low-to-high energy , or aufbau , filling of orbitals , and the resulting cancellation of contributions from the 2s electrons , after sequential filling of the low σ and σ* orbitals ; σ overlap of the two atomic 2p orbitals that lie along the o-o molecular axis and π overlap of two pairs of atomic 2p orbitals perpendicular to the o-o molecular axis , and then cancellation of contributions from the remaining two of the six 2p electrons after their partial filling of the lowest π and π* orbitals . <SEP> what ?
legislative power in warsaw is vested in a unicameral warsaw city council ( rada miasta ) , which comprises 60 members . <SEP> who in warsaw ?
on the french side , the grand canal d'alsace was dug , which carries a significant part of the river water , and all of the traffic . <SEP> which canal ?
to partially remedy the wealth gap and the resulting slow growth , s & p recommended increasing access to education . <SEP> what ?
in 1066 , duke william ii of normandy conquered england killing king harold ii at the battle of hastings . <SEP> where ?
as cellular signals , reactive oxygen species are unstable molecules , so they probably do n't leave the chloroplast , but instead pass on their signal to an unknown second messenger molecule . <SEP> what ?
the governor could not actually hold a set speed , because it would assume a new constant speed in response to load changes . <SEP> what ?
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach . <SEP> what ?
to the north , the mi'kmaq and the abenaki were engaged in father le loutre 's war and still held sway in parts of nova scotia , acadia , and the eastern portions of the province of canada , as well as much of present-day maine . <SEP> what tribes ?
primes are used in several routines in information technology , such as public-key cryptography , which makes use of properties such as the difficulty of factoring large numbers into their prime factors . <SEP> what ?
tvontario picked up the show in 1976 beginning with the three doctors and aired each series ( several years late ) through to series 24 in 1991. from 1979 to 1981 , tvo airings were bookended by science-fiction writer judith merril who would introduce the episode and then , after the episode concluded , try to place it in an educational context in keeping with tvo 's status as an educational channel . <SEP> what year ?
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season . <SEP> which network ?
article 102 prohibits the abuse of dominant position , such as price discrimination and exclusive dealing . <SEP> what ?
in their reporting on the top 400 , they used data on transportation , sewer , hazardous waste and water to rank firms as heavy contractors . <SEP> what ?
leukocytes ( white blood cells ) act like independent , single-celled organisms and are the second arm of the innate immune system . <SEP> what ?
however , the running time may , in general , depend on the instance . <SEP> what ?
another of the egyptian groups which employed violence in their struggle for islamic order was al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ( islamic group ) . <SEP> what ?
in the view of luther 's biographer martin brecht , " giving confessional advice for philip of hesse was one of the worst mistakes luther made , and , next to the landgrave himself , who was directly responsible for it , history chiefly holds luther accountable " . <SEP> who ?
a 2012 study found that teachers experienced double the rate of anxiety , depression , and stress than average workers . <SEP> which study ?
after his father 's death in 1879 , tesla found a package of letters from his professors to his father , warning that unless he were removed from the school , tesla would be killed through overwork . <SEP> when ?
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> who ?
a 2012 article placed this childhood juxtaposition of fear and thrill " at the center of many people 's relationship with the show " , and a 2011 online vote at digital spy deemed the series the " scariest tv show of all time " . <SEP> who ?
reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation . <SEP> what type of steam engines ?
kenya won several medals during the beijing olympics , six gold , four silver and four bronze , making it africa 's most successful nation in the 2008 olympics . <SEP> how well ?
in the cycle , water is heated and transforms into steam within a boiler operating at a high pressure . <SEP> at what pressure ?
one class of non-self molecules are called antigens ( short for antibody generators ) and are defined as substances that bind to specific immune receptors and elicit an immune response . <SEP> what term ?
sudbury model democratic schools claim that popularly based authority can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike . <SEP> what type of authority ?
at the time , iran was the world 's second-largest oil exporter and a close us ally . <SEP> which oil producer ?
this is typically done on moral issues . <SEP> what type of issues ?
another influence is the geographical phrase south of the tehachapis , which would split the southern region off at the crest of that transverse range , but in that definition , the desert portions of north los angeles county and eastern kern and san bernardino counties would be included in the southern california region due to their remoteness from the central valley and interior desert landscape . <SEP> which mountain range ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> what award ?
linebacker luke kuechly had 11 total tackles , while thomas davis had seven , despite playing just two weeks after breaking his right arm in the nfc title game . <SEP> what player ?
most abalone and rock lobster is exported to asia . <SEP> where ?
contacts with the west also brought the introduction to china of a major food crop , sorghum , along with other foreign food products and methods of preparation . <SEP> what major crop ?
today , the umc is generally considered one of the more moderate and tolerant denominations with respect to race , gender , and ideology , though the denomination itself actually includes a very wide spectrum of attitudes . <SEP> which church ?
the largest share of kenya 's electricity supply comes from hydroelectric stations at dams along the upper tana river , as well as the turkwel gorge dam in the west . <SEP> where ?
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started . <SEP> what group ?
the fort was destroyed in 1560 by the portuguese , who captured part of the huguenots . <SEP> in what year ?
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude . <SEP> how many tons of saharan dust ?
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare . <SEP> what ?
whilst this is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics , some teachers and parents advocate a more assertive and confrontational style of discipline . <SEP> who ?
luther was a prolific hymn-writer , authoring hymns such as " ein feste burg ist unser gott " ( " a mighty fortress is our god " ) , based on psalm 46 , and " vom himmel hoch , da komm ich her " ( " from heaven above to earth i come " ) , based on luke 2:11–12 . <SEP> in what type of work ?
within the los angeles area are the major business districts of downtown burbank , downtown santa monica , downtown glendale and downtown long beach . <SEP> of which area ?
euglenophyte chloroplasts have a pyrenoid and thylakoids stacked in groups of three . <SEP> how ?
plotting the relationship between level of income and inequality , kuznets saw middle-income developing economies level of inequality bulging out to form what is now known as the kuznets curve . <SEP> who ?
it is believed that the civilization was later devastated by the spread of diseases from europe , such as smallpox . <SEP> what ?
they also claim that in these schools the preservation of public order is easier and more efficient than anywhere else . <SEP> what ?
the group has been designated a terrorist organisation by the united nations , the european union and member states , the united states , india , indonesia , turkey , saudi arabia , syria and other countries . <SEP> what ?
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game . <SEP> who ?
many of the series featured during the run of the block were produced by miller-boyett productions , a warner bros.-based studio that briefly programmed the entire friday lineup during the 1990–91 season ( with going places joining family matters , full house and perfect strangers on the " tgif " schedule ) and through its development deal with paramount television prior to 1986 ( as miller-milkis , and later , miller-milkis-boyett productions ) , had earlier produced happy days and its various spinoffs among other series for the network . <SEP> with what company ?
many questions regarding prime numbers remain open , such as goldbach 's conjecture ( that every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes ) , and the twin prime conjecture ( that there are infinitely many pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ) . <SEP> what ?
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971. as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973. the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over and continued to play the character until doctor who 's hiatus in 1989. the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts . <SEP> what literary reference ?
cabinet consists of representatives elected to either house of parliament . <SEP> how ?
a construction project is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations , each of which all parties must carefully consider . <SEP> what ?
in 2011 , the theme tune charted at number 228 of radio station classic fm 's hall of fame , a survey of classical music tastes . <SEP> what radio station ?
elie prioleau from the town of pons in france , was among the first to settle there . <SEP> what french town ?
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences . <SEP> how ?
this has meant both the european court of justice and the highest national courts have had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems . <SEP> which entities ?
gou derived a cubic interpolation formula for his astronomical calculations . <SEP> what ?
in actuality , warsz was a 12th/13th-century nobleman who owned a village located at the modern-day site of mariensztat neighbourhood . <SEP> who ?
he was buried in an unmarked grave somewhere in mongolia at an unknown location . <SEP> where ?
in mongolia today , genghis khan 's name and likeness are endorsed on products , streets , buildings , and other places . <SEP> whose likeness ?
presented to the scottish parliament by the queen upon its official opening in july 1999 , the mace is displayed in a glass case suspended from the lid . <SEP> what ?
major roads in the area include the a1 ( gateshead newcastle western bypass ) , stretching north to edinburgh and south to london ; the a19 heading south past sunderland and middlesbrough to york and doncaster ; the a69 heading west to carlisle ; the a696 , which becomes the a68 heads past newcastle airport and up through central northumberland and central scottish borders , the a167 , the old " great north road " , heading south to gateshead , chester-le-street , durham and darlington ; and the a1058 " coast road " , which runs from jesmond to the east coast between tynemouth and cullercoats . <SEP> what ?
the antigens expressed by tumors have several sources ; some are derived from oncogenic viruses like human papillomavirus , which causes cervical cancer , while others are the organism 's own proteins that occur at low levels in normal cells but reach high levels in tumor cells . <SEP> what ?
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " . <SEP> which young general ?
he was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the black death for the second edition in 1908 , implicating rats and fleas in the process , and his interpretation was widely accepted for other ancient and medieval epidemics , such as the justinian plague that was prevalent in the eastern roman empire from 541 to 700 ce . <SEP> when ?
in 1891 scottish chemist james dewar was able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study . <SEP> in what year ?
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek . <SEP> what year ?
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions . <SEP> how many ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> how many fumbles ?
a function problem is a computational problem where a single output ( of a total function ) is expected for every input , but the output is more complex than that of a decision problem , that is , it is n't just yes or no . <SEP> a function problem ?
the modern bubonic plague has a mortality rate of 30–75 % and symptoms including fever of 38–41 °c ( 100–106 °f ) , headaches , painful aching joints , nausea and vomiting , and a general feeling of malaise . <SEP> how high ?
france fought and lost a bitter war in vietnam in the 1950s . <SEP> where ?
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city . <SEP> in what year ?
in 1972 , the new rules resulted in the company 's decision to split abc films into two separate companies : the existing worldvision enterprises , which would produce and distribute programming for u.s. syndication , and abc circle films as a production unit . <SEP> what year ?
thus , in a market economy , inequality is a reflection of the productivity gap between highly-paid professions and lower-paid professions . <SEP> what ?
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event . <SEP> who ?
in all , 97 of 253 episodes produced during the first six years of the programme are not held in the bbc 's archives ( most notably seasons 3 , 4 , & 5 , from which 79 episodes are missing ) . <SEP> how many of the episodes ?
however , during the 2004–05 season , the network experienced unexpected success with new series such as desperate housewives , lost and grey 's anatomy as well as reality series dancing with the stars , which helped abc rise to second place , jumping ahead of cbs , but behind a surging fox . <SEP> what new medical drama ?
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor . <SEP> what year ?
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx . <SEP> what team di the broncos ?
the church conference is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members . <SEP> what ?
some huguenots fought in the low countries alongside the dutch against spain during the first years of the dutch revolt ( 1568–1609 ) . <SEP> who ?
not a maritime power , and not a nation-state , as it would eventually become , germany ’ s participation in western imperialism was negligible until the late 19th century . <SEP> when ?
the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences is to elect and appoint bishops , the chief administrators of the church . <SEP> who ?
polish civilian deaths are estimated at between 150,000 and 200,000 . <SEP> what ?
visitors arrived by steamboat and later by railroad . <SEP> what ?
a study in england showed a 0.3 % prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional , a group that included priests , religious leaders , and case workers as well as teachers . <SEP> where ?
whilst the first minister chooses the ministers – and may decide to remove them at any time – the formal appointment or dismissal is made by the sovereign . <SEP> who ?
first , in choosing violence over lawful submission to the secular government , they were ignoring christ 's counsel to " render unto caesar the things that are caesar 's " ; st. paul had written in his epistle to the romans 13:1–7 that all authorities are appointed by god and therefore should not be resisted . <SEP> by whom ?
linebacker luke kuechly had 11 total tackles , while thomas davis had seven , despite playing just two weeks after breaking his right arm in the nfc title game . <SEP> which player ?
by autumn 1347 , the plague reached alexandria in egypt , probably through the port 's trade with constantinople , and ports on the black sea . <SEP> when ?
oxygen is toxic to obligately anaerobic organisms , which were the dominant form of early life on earth until o 2 began to accumulate in the atmosphere about 2.5 billion years ago during the great oxygenation event , about a billion years after the first appearance of these organisms . <SEP> to what type of organisms ?
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) . <SEP> how many bits ?
between 1701 and 1750 , thirty-seven larger and smaller epidemics were recorded in constantinople , and an additional thirty-one between 1751 and 1800. baghdad has suffered severely from visitations of the plague , and sometimes two-thirds of its population has been wiped out . <SEP> how many people , at most , ?
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere . <SEP> which gas ?
at the time the only concern was that member states should be prevented from violating human rights , hence the establishment of the european convention on human rights in 1950 and the establishment of the european court of human rights . <SEP> what other entity ?
in february they launched a daring raid against the position across the frozen lake george , destroying storehouses and buildings outside the main fortification . <SEP> on what lake ?
other than the curriculum led learning , there are also national and public library services led by the kenya national library service ( knls ) . <SEP> who ?
nintendo and the pokémon company also made their super bowl debut , promoting the 20th anniversary of the pokémon video game and media franchise . <SEP> who ?
dubbed skylab , it was constructed complete on the ground rather than in space , and launched in 1973 using the two lower stages of a saturn v. it was equipped with an apollo telescope mount , the solar telescope that would have been used on the apollo telescope missions . <SEP> when ?
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times . <SEP> how long ?
elders may also be assigned as district superintendents , and they are eligible for election to the episcopacy . <SEP> who ?
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor . <SEP> what impact ?
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert . <SEP> when ?
in modern particle physics , forces and the acceleration of particles are explained as a mathematical by-product of exchange of momentum-carrying gauge bosons . <SEP> how ?
although the vote was 51.6 % in favour of a scottish assembly , this figure did not equal the 40 % of the total electorate threshold deemed necessary to pass the measure , as 32.9 % of the eligible voting population did not , or had been unable to , vote . <SEP> what percentage of scotland 's voting population ?
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent . <SEP> who ?
they purchased from john pell , lord of pelham manor , a tract of land consisting of six thousand one hundred acres with the help of jacob leisler . <SEP> from whom ?
the racial makeup of the city was 50.2 % white , 8.4 % black or african american , 1.6 % native american , 11.2 % asian ( about a third of which is hmong ) , 0.1 % pacific islander , 23.4 % from other races , and 5.2 % from two or more races . <SEP> about how many of the asian population ?
the british were supported in the war by the iroquois six nations , and also by the cherokee – until differences sparked the anglo-cherokee war in 1758. in 1758 the pennsylvania government successfully negotiated the treaty of easton , in which a number of tribes in the ohio country promised neutrality in exchange for land concessions and other considerations . <SEP> what tribes ?
in 1937 , at a luncheon in his honor concerning the death ray , tesla stated , " but it is not an experiment ... i have built , demonstrated and used it . <SEP> what ?
luther justified his opposition to the rebels on three grounds . <SEP> how many ways ?
he claimed the italian nationalisation law conflicted with the treaty of rome , and requested a reference be made to both the italian constitutional court and the court of justice under tfeu article 267. the italian constitutional court gave an opinion that because the nationalisation law was from 1962 , and the treaty was in force from 1958 , costa had no claim . <SEP> what ?
oxygen is a chemical element with symbol o and atomic number 8. it is a member of the chalcogen group on the periodic table and is a highly reactive nonmetal and oxidizing agent that readily forms compounds ( notably oxides ) with most elements . <SEP> what type of compounds ?
the annual conference , roughly the equivalent of a diocese in the anglican communion and the roman catholic church or a synod in some lutheran denominations such as the evangelical lutheran church in america , is the basic unit of organization within the umc . <SEP> what ?
there were two kinds of x.25 networks . some such as datapac and transpac were initially implemented with an x.25 external interface . <SEP> how many types of x. 25 networks ?
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum . <SEP> which global event ?
it concludes that the forest is on the brink of being turned into savanna or desert , with catastrophic consequences for the world 's climate . <SEP> what ?
john schmitt and ben zipperer ( 2006 ) of the cepr point to economic liberalism and the reduction of business regulation along with the decline of union membership as one of the causes of economic inequality . <SEP> what ?
luther confided to michael stiefel on 11 august 1526 : " my katie is in all things so obliging and pleasing to me that i would not exchange my poverty for the riches of croesus . " <SEP> what ?
the warsaw uprising museum also operates a rare preserved and operating historic stereoscopic theatre , the warsaw fotoplastikon . <SEP> what type of theatre ?
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell . <SEP> which ?
the 73 scottish parliament constituencies shared the same boundaries as the uk parliament constituencies in scotland , prior to the 2005 reduction in the number of scottish mps , with the exception of orkney and shetland which each return their own constituency msp . <SEP> when ?
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game . <SEP> how many years ?
they range in age from about 3.2 billion years for the basaltic samples derived from the lunar maria , to about 4.6 billion years for samples derived from the highlands crust . <SEP> how old ?
the original theme was composed by ron grainer and realised by delia derbyshire of the bbc radiophonic workshop , with assistance from dick mills . <SEP> what workshop ?
in 2006 tatiana kuplich organized the trees of the amazon into four categories : ( 1 ) mature forest , ( 2 ) regenerating forest [ less than three years ] , ( 3 ) regenerating forest [ between three and five years of regrowth ] , and ( 4 ) regenerating forest [ eleven to eighteen years of continued development ] . <SEP> who ?
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) . <SEP> what ?
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility . <SEP> on what ?
water in equilibrium with air contains approximately 1 molecule of dissolved o 2 for every 2 molecules of n 2 , compared to an atmospheric ratio of approximately 1:4. the solubility of oxygen in water is temperature-dependent , and about twice as much ( 14.6 mg·l−1 ) dissolves at 0 °c than at 20 °c ( 7.6 mg·l−1 ) . <SEP> how much ?
a new development in the ouseburn valley has recreated them ; architects cany ash and robert sakula were attracted by the possibilities of high density without building high and getting rid of common areas . <SEP> what profession ?
abc originally launched on october 12 , 1943 as a radio network , separated from and serving as the successor to the nbc blue network , which had been purchased by edward j. noble . <SEP> what kind of network ?
after the miss , manning completed a pair of passes to emmanuel sanders for gains of 25 and 22 yards , setting up mcmanus ' 33-yard field goal that gave the broncos a 16–7 lead . <SEP> what kicker ?
the institution asserts that such expansion will benefit not only the school , but surrounding community , pointing to such features as the enhanced transit infrastructure , possible shuttles open to the public , and park space which will also be publicly accessible . <SEP> what additional benefits ?
often in terms of the further development of landscape painting as well as the classical joining together of the arts of painting , poetry , and calligraphy , the song dynasty and the yuan dynasty are linked together . <SEP> what dynasty ?
in most reciprocating piston engines , the steam reverses its direction of flow at each stroke ( counterflow ) , entering and exhausting from the cylinder by the same port . <SEP> what ?
as a result of increasing land clearance ( bronze age agriculture ) , in the upland areas ( central germany ) , the sediment load of the rhine has strongly increased and delta growth has sped up . <SEP> what ?
the first result in that direction is the prime number theorem , proven at the end of the 19th century , which says that the probability that a given , randomly chosen number n is prime is inversely proportional to its number of digits , or to the logarithm of n . <SEP> what theorem ?
over 10 % of amsterdam 's population died in 1623–25 , and again in 1635–36 , 1655 , and 1664. plague occurred in venice 22 times between 1361 and 1528. the plague of 1576–77 killed 50,000 in venice , almost a third of the population . <SEP> how many times ?
this has the consequence that the results of a measurement are now sometimes " quantized " , i.e . <SEP> what type of measurements ?
in the channel 4 series queer as folk ( created by later doctor who executive producer russell t. davies ) , the character of vince was portrayed as an avid doctor who fan , with references appearing many times throughout in the form of clips from the programme . <SEP> what series ?
parties entrust some msps , known as whips , with the task of ensuring that party members vote according to the party line . <SEP> who ?
the standard industrial classification and the newer north american industry classification system have a classification system for companies that perform or otherwise engage in construction . <SEP> what ?
luther and his wife moved into a former monastery , " the black cloister , " a wedding present from the new elector john the steadfast ( 1525–32 ) . <SEP> what ?
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver . <SEP> when ?
the scottish parliament is unable to legislate on such issues that are reserved to , and dealt with at , westminster ( and where ministerial functions usually lie with uk government ministers ) . <SEP> who ?
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig . <SEP> what shakespeare scholar ?
after the statement has been delivered , the leaders of the opposition parties and other msps question the first minister on issues related to the substance of the statement . <SEP> what ?
in 1599 the british east india company was established and was chartered by queen elizabeth in the following year . <SEP> who ?
in 1840 , the rhine crisis , prompted by french prime minister adolphe thiers 's desire to reinstate the rhine as a natural border , led to a diplomatic crisis and a wave of nationalism in germany . <SEP> when ?
the first settlement in the area occurred in 1803 at sullivan bay , and much of what is now victoria was included in the port phillip district in 1836 , an administrative division of new south wales . <SEP> when ?
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> when ?
all schools must comply with government-set curriculum standards . <SEP> what government ?
the ruhr , which joins the rhine in duisburg , is nowadays a clean river , thanks to a combination of stricter environmental controls , a transition from heavy industry to light industry and cleanup measures , such as the reforestation of slag and brownfields . <SEP> what rive ?
a prime number ( or a prime ) is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself . <SEP> what ?
all of the u. s. flags left on the moon during the apollo missions were found to still be standing , with the exception of the one left during the apollo 11 mission , which was blown over during that mission 's lift-off from the lunar surface and return to the mission command module in lunar orbit ; the degree to which these flags retain their original colors remains unknown . <SEP> for which ?
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " . <SEP> what ?
in the local alemannic dialect , the singular is pronounced " isel " and this is also the local pronunciation of esel ( " donkey " ) . <SEP> what ?
in world war ii , charles de gaulle and the free french used the overseas colonies as bases from which they fought to liberate france . <SEP> where ?
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega . <SEP> how many ?
teaching may be carried out informally , within the family , which is called homeschooling , or in the wider community . <SEP> what ?
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche . <SEP> what ?
basic formal education starts at age six years and lasts 12 years comprising eight years in primary school and four years in high school or secondary school . <SEP> what age ?
clinical pharmacists often collaborate with physicians and other healthcare professionals to improve pharmaceutical care . <SEP> who ?
teachers face several occupational hazards in their line of work , including occupational stress , which can negatively impact teachers ' mental and physical health , productivity , and students ' performance . <SEP> what ?
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl . <SEP> which team in super bowl 50 ?
jim gray will anchor the pre-game and halftime coverage . <SEP> who ?
he stated that he observed stationary waves during this time . <SEP> what sort of waves ?
ribonucleases and the rna interference pathway are conserved across all eukaryotes , and are thought to play a role in the immune response to viruses . <SEP> what ?
the state symbols include the pink heath ( state flower ) , leadbeater 's possum ( state animal ) and the helmeted honeyeater ( state bird ) . <SEP> what ?
roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players also opened nearby in 1978 , [ citation needed ] at olive and wishon avenues . <SEP> in what year ?
while a child was in school , a teacher was expected to act as a substitute parent , with all the normal forms of parental discipline open to them . <SEP> when ?
reactive oxygen species also play an important role in the hypersensitive response of plants against pathogen attack . <SEP> what ?
in 1967 , manuel blum developed an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms and proved an important result , the so-called , speed-up theorem . <SEP> what theorem ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> what halftime performer ?
a flaw with this test is that there are some composite numbers ( the carmichael numbers ) that satisfy the fermat identity even though they are not prime , so the test has no way of distinguishing between prime numbers and carmichael numbers . <SEP> what type of numbers ?
the usgs has released a california earthquake forecast which models earthquake occurrence in california . <SEP> what ?
other complexity measures are also used , such as the amount of communication ( used in communication complexity ) , the number of gates in a circuit ( used in circuit complexity ) and the number of processors ( used in parallel computing ) . <SEP> what unit ?
philip ii of spain ordered pedro menéndez de avilés to protect the interest of spain by attacking the french presence at fort caroline . <SEP> who ?
29.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 7.9 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . <SEP> what portion of households in jacksonville ?
the v & a is in discussion with the university of dundee , university of abertay , dundee city council and the scottish government with a view to opening a new £43 million gallery in dundee that would use the v & a brand although it would be funded through and operated independently . <SEP> in which city ?
throughout the centuries , the kenyan coast has played host to many merchants and explorers . <SEP> where ?
the confederation of the rhine was established by napoleon , as a french client state , in 1806 and lasted until 1814 , during which time it served as a significant source of resources and military manpower for the first french empire . <SEP> when ?
temüjin 's mother hoelun taught him many lessons about the unstable political climate of mongolia , especially the need for alliances . <SEP> what ?
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> what ?
parliament elections , take place every five years , and votes for members of the european parliament in member states must be organised by proportional representation or a single transferable vote . <SEP> how often ?
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house . <SEP> what ?
it is likely that a multicomponent , adaptive immune system arose with the first vertebrates , as invertebrates do not generate lymphocytes or an antibody-based humoral response . <SEP> that ?
luther argued that the jews were no longer the chosen people but " the devil 's people " , and referred to them with violent , vile language . <SEP> what ?
in july 1968 , abc radio launched a special programming project for its fm stations , which was spearheaded by allen shaw , a former program manager at wcfl in chicago who was approached by abc radio president harold l. neal to develop a format to compete with the new progressive rock and dj-helmed stations . <SEP> who ?
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism . <SEP> when ?
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice . <SEP> which network ?
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools . <SEP> which ncaa group ?
the gonads are located in the parts of the internal canal network under the comb rows , and eggs and sperm are released via pores in the epidermis . <SEP> where ?
jacksonville surrounds the town of baldwin . <SEP> what town ?
in scotland , anyone wishing to teach must be registered with the general teaching council for scotland ( gtcs ) . <SEP> what ?
the network began running into some trouble in the ratings by 2010. that year , the sixth and final season of lost became the drama 's lowest-rated season since its debut in 2004. ratings for the once-instant hit ugly betty collapsed dramatically after it was moved to fridays at the start of its fourth season in the fall of 2009 ; an attempt to boost ratings by moving the dramedy to wednesdays failed , with its ultimate cancellation by the network eliciting negative reaction from the public , and particularly the show 's fanbase . <SEP> in what year ?
geochronologists precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section in order to provide better absolute bounds on the timing and rates of deposition . <SEP> who ?
proplastids are commonly found in an adult plant 's apical meristems . <SEP> where ?
they are bounded by four membranes , but the membranes are not connected to the endoplasmic reticulum . <SEP> how many membranes ?
" merciful god , what misery i have seen , " luther wrote , " the common people knowing nothing at all of christian doctrine ... and unfortunately many pastors are well-nigh unskilled and incapable of teaching . " <SEP> what ?
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health . <SEP> what clothing company ?
this was based on a congressional budget office report , a budgetary analysis of nasa 's new vision for space , september 2004. the space review estimated in 2010 the cost of apollo from 1959 to 1973 as $ 20.4 billion , or $ 109 billion in 2010 dollars . <SEP> how much ?
it is a unesco world heritage site ( 2002 ) and known as " the romantic rhine " , with more than 40 castles and fortresses from the middle ages and many quaint and lovely country villages . <SEP> what ?
uptake of o 2 from the air is the essential purpose of respiration , so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine . <SEP> what medical treatment ?
while many commute to l.a. and orange counties , there are some differences in development , as most of san bernardino and riverside counties ( the non-desert portions ) were developed in the 1980s and 1990s . <SEP> other than the 1980s , in which decade ?
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney . <SEP> what kind of rail system ?
the hymn functioned both as a liturgical setting of the lord 's prayer and as a means of examining candidates on specific catechism questions . <SEP> what ?
if the state does not provide these services , then for those on lower incomes , the costs must be borrowed and often those on lower incomes are those who are worse equipped to manage their finances . <SEP> what ?
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes . <SEP> what high maintenance part ?
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us . <SEP> what ?
who did not consider the yuan dynasty as a legitimate dynasty of china , but rather as a period of foreign domination . <SEP> what ?
in 2014 , the group proclaimed itself a caliphate , with religious , political and military authority over all muslims worldwide . <SEP> what ?
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . " <SEP> what journalist ?
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines . <SEP> who ?
the centre-left australian labor party ( alp ) , the centre-right liberal party of australia , the rural-based national party of australia , and the environmentalist australian greens are victoria 's main political parties . <SEP> what political party ?
mongolians maintain that the historical records written by non-mongolians are unfairly biased against genghis khan and that his butchery is exaggerated , while his positive role is underrated . <SEP> what ?
perhaps the most significant difference between primary school and secondary school teaching is the relationship between teachers and children . <SEP> which type of school ?
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524–25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name . <SEP> what event ?
luther and his wife moved into a former monastery , " the black cloister , " a wedding present from the new elector john the steadfast ( 1525–32 ) . <SEP> when ?
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) . <SEP> how many sons ?
a steady stream of oxygen gas is then produced by the exothermic reaction . <SEP> what gas ?
lower doses of anti-inflammatory drugs are often used in conjunction with cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs such as methotrexate or azathioprine . <SEP> what ?
fresno is marked by a semi-arid climate ( köppen bsh ) , with mild , moist winters and hot and dry summers , thus displaying mediterranean characteristics . <SEP> how ?
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000. the three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined . <SEP> what percent of the global assets in 2000 ?
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks . <SEP> how long ?
notable exceptions were : the daleks ' master plan , which aired in 12 episodes ( plus an earlier one-episode teaser , " mission to the unknown " , featuring none of the regular cast ) ; almost an entire season of seven-episode serials ( season 7 ) ; the 10-episode serial the war games ; and the trial of a time lord , which ran for 14 episodes ( albeit divided into three production codes and four narrative segments ) during season 23. occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy . <SEP> how many episodes ?
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons . <SEP> what ?
cbs analyst and retired referee mike carey stated he disagreed with the call and felt the review clearly showed the pass was complete . <SEP> which retired ref ?
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased . <SEP> what issue ?
stephen kemble of the famous kemble family successfully managed the original theatre royal , newcastle for fifteen years ( 1791–1806 ) . <SEP> who ?
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays . <SEP> why ?
until 1932 the generally accepted length of the rhine was 1,230 kilometres ( 764 miles ) . <SEP> what ?
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them . <SEP> what ?
it was however superseded by the british invention steam turbine where speed was required , for instance in warships , such as the dreadnought battleships , and ocean liners . <SEP> what ?
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact . <SEP> what ?
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies . <SEP> when ?
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements . <SEP> what ?
he opposed banning the publication of the qur'an , wanting it exposed to scrutiny . <SEP> what purpose ?
[ verification needed ] bismarck was aware that public opinion had started to demand colonies for reasons of german prestige . <SEP> of what ?
in contrast , autoimmunity results from a hyperactive immune system attacking normal tissues as if they were foreign organisms . <SEP> what ?
whilst this is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics , some teachers and parents advocate a more assertive and confrontational style of discipline . <SEP> what type of discipline ?
alternatively , glucose monomers in the chloroplast can be linked together to make starch , which accumulates into the starch grains found in the chloroplast . <SEP> what ?
arcs of volcanoes and earthquakes were explained as convergent boundaries , where one plate subducts under another . <SEP> what ?
sky picked up the remaining four for £1.3bn . <SEP> how much ?
according to politifact the top 400 richest americans " have more wealth than half of all americans combined . " <SEP> what ?
among other things , the new constitution delegates more power to local governments and gives kenyans a bill of rights . <SEP> what else ?
the most recent episodes of the network 's shows are usually made available on watch abc , hulu and abc on demand the day after their original broadcast . <SEP> when ?
on 1 july 1851 , writs were issued for the election of the first victorian legislative council , and the absolute independence of victoria from new south wales was established proclaiming a new colony of victoria . <SEP> on what date ?
bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts are in dvb-compliant mpeg-2 , with the sky movies and sky box office channels including optional dolby digital soundtracks for recent films , although these are only accessible with a sky+ box . <SEP> what ?
christian whiton , an official in the george w. bush administration , called for a new agency focused on the nonviolent practice of " political warfare " aimed at undermining the ideology . <SEP> who ?
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323. he continued his father 's policies to reform the government based on the confucian principles , with the help of his newly appointed grand chancellor baiju . <SEP> who ?
many known complexity classes are suspected to be unequal , but this has not been proved . <SEP> what ?
this was first prompted by original star william hartnell 's poor health . <SEP> what first ?
although most are non-aligned , some of the best known independent schools also belong to the large , long-established religious foundations , such as the anglican church , uniting church and presbyterian church , but in most cases , they do not insist on their students ’ religious allegiance . <SEP> what ?
this pattern of higher incomes-longer lives still holds among poorer countries , where life expectancy increases rapidly as per capita income increases , but in recent decades it has slowed down among middle income countries and plateaued among the richest thirty or so countries in the world . <SEP> where ?
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco . <SEP> in what city ?
the secondary level includes schools offering years 7 through 12 ( year twelve is known as lower sixth ) and year 13 ( upper sixth ) . <SEP> what ?
luther rarely encountered jews during his life , but his attitudes reflected a theological and cultural tradition which saw jews as a rejected people guilty of the murder of christ , and he lived within a local community that had expelled jews some ninety years earlier . <SEP> what ?
another important library – the university library , founded in 1816 , is home to over two million items . <SEP> when ?
even though some proofs of complexity-theoretic theorems regularly assume some concrete choice of input encoding , one tries to keep the discussion abstract enough to be independent of the choice of encoding . <SEP> what ?
several d & b contractors present different ideas about how to accomplish these goals . <SEP> who ?
activities include controlling the museum environment ( for example , temperature and light ) and preventing pests ( primarily insects ) from damaging artefacts . <SEP> what two environmental conditions ?
a pair of carries by c. j. anderson moved the ball up 20 yards to the panthers 14-yard line , but carolina 's defense dug in over the next three plays . <SEP> who ?
the national science foundation network ( nsfnet ) was a program of coordinated , evolving projects sponsored by the national science foundation ( nsf ) beginning in 1985 to promote advanced research and education networking in the united states . <SEP> what ?
however , under directives , citizens or corporations were said in 1986 to not be allowed to bring claims against other non-state parties . <SEP> during what year ?
in december 2014 , president uhuru kenyatta signed a security laws amendment bill , which supporters of the law suggested was necessary to guard against armed groups . <SEP> why ?
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver . <SEP> who ?
the brotherhood 's base of devout middle class found common cause with the impoverished youth of the intifada in their cultural conservatism and antipathy for activities of the secular middle class such as drinking alcohol and going about without hijab . <SEP> what beverage ?
strictly speaking datanet 1 only referred to the network and the connected users via leased lines ( using the x.121 dnic 2041 ) , the name also referred to the public pad service telepad ( using the dnic 2049 ) . <SEP> who else ?
amazonian evergreen forests account for about 10 % of the world 's terrestrial primary productivity and 10 % of the carbon stores in ecosystems—of the order of 1.1 × 1011 metric tonnes of carbon . <SEP> what amount of the worlds carbon ?
in his lab he also conducted a range of experiments with mechanical oscillators/generators , electrical discharge tubes , and early x-ray imaging . <SEP> what ?
for instance , the biggest school chain , kunskapsskolan ( “ the knowledge school ” ) , offers 30 schools and a web-based environment , has 700 employees and teaches nearly 10,000 pupils . <SEP> what ?
other , less frequently used names for the war include the fourth intercolonial war and the great war for the empire . <SEP> what ?
the uk subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the agreement on social policy , the 1994 works council directive , which required workforce consultation in businesses , and the 1996 parental leave directive . <SEP> when ?
while chinese primary schools were allowed to retain chinese as the medium of instruction , chinese secondary schools are required to change into english-medium schools . <SEP> what language ?
while the determination of responsibility for the accident was complex , the review board concluded that " deficiencies existed in command module design , workmanship and quality control . " <SEP> what ?
some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities . <SEP> what ?
the swahili built mombasa into a major port city and established trade links with other nearby city-states , as well as commercial centres in persia , arabia , and even india . <SEP> what ?
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin . <SEP> where ?
this means that in a closed system of particles , there are no internal forces that are unbalanced . <SEP> in what kind of system of particles ?
occasionally , regular-series episodes will exceed the 45-minute run time ; notably , the episodes " journey 's end " from 2008 and " the eleventh hour " from 2010 exceeded an hour in length . <SEP> which episode in 2008 ?
tesla wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals . <SEP> what ?
the mongol army under genghis khan , generals and his sons crossed the tien shan mountains by entering the area controlled by the khwarezmian empire . <SEP> what mountain range ?
the city 's most populous ethnic group , non-hispanic white , declined from 75.8 % in 1970 to 55.1 % by 2010 . <SEP> what ?
they escorted luther to the security of the wartburg castle at eisenach . <SEP> where ?
tesla went to maribor ( now in slovenia ) , where he worked as a draftsman for 60 florins a month . <SEP> what ?
the resulting report , published in 1945 , was one of the most influential manifestos in the history of american education in the 20th century . <SEP> in what year of 20th century ?
apollo 8 was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body , while the final apollo 17 mission marked the sixth moon landing and the ninth manned mission beyond low earth orbit . <SEP> what ?
the filling pharmacy has a corresponding responsibility to ensure that the prescription is valid . <SEP> what ?
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " wir glauben all an einen gott " ( " we all believe in one true god " ) is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism . <SEP> when ?
colonialism 's core meaning is the exploitation of the valuable assets and supplies of the nation that was conquered and the conquering nation then gaining the benefits from the spoils of the war . <SEP> what ?
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack . <SEP> what ?
conceived as " professor moriarty to the doctor 's sherlock holmes " , the character first appeared in 1971. as with the doctor , the role has been portrayed by several actors , since the master is a time lord as well and able to regenerate ; the first of these actors was roger delgado , who continued in the role until his death in 1973. the master was briefly played by peter pratt and geoffrey beevers until anthony ainley took over and continued to play the character until doctor who 's hiatus in 1989. the master returned in the 1996 television movie of doctor who , and was played by american actor eric roberts . <SEP> who ?
economist simon kuznets argued that levels of economic inequality are in large part the result of stages of development . <SEP> what profession ?
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos . <SEP> what color ?
a version was taken up by the author henry david thoreau in his essay civil disobedience , and later by gandhi in his doctrine of satyagraha . <SEP> which famous indian ?
in the summers , temperature ranges are 90-60 's while as winters are 70-50 's , usually all of southern california have mediterranean climate . <SEP> what ?
when he went to his bed , he prayed , " into your hand i commit my spirit ; you have redeemed me , o lord , faithful god " ( ps . 31:5 ) , the common prayer of the dying . <SEP> what scripture ?
currently detention is one of the most common punishments in schools in the united states , the uk , ireland , singapore and other countries . <SEP> where ?
one of the most famous people born in warsaw was maria skłodowska-curie , who achieved international recognition for her research on radioactivity and was the first female recipient of the nobel prize . <SEP> what ?
founded in 1968 by the union of the methodist church ( usa ) and the evangelical united brethren church , the umc traces its roots back to the revival movement of john and charles wesley in england as well as the great awakening in the united states . <SEP> who ?
the broncos took an early lead in super bowl 50 and never trailed . <SEP> what ?
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff . <SEP> what investment firm ?
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott . <SEP> where ?
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game . <SEP> how many times ?
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal ( united states ) calendar of saints . <SEP> how ?
major events also play a big part in tourism in victoria , particularly cultural tourism and sports tourism . <SEP> what other tourist attraction ?
an attorney may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built , either by arguing that a rule is inapplicable ( the bridge design will not cause a collapse ) , or that the custom is no longer needed ( acceptance of live-work spaces has grown in the community ) . <SEP> who ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> who ?
in the week before the launch , rumours started to surface that bskyb was having supply issues with its set top box ( stb ) from manufacturer thomson . <SEP> what ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> how many touchdowns ?
during the vietnam war era , the chicago eight used a political defense , while benjamin spock used a technical defense . <SEP> what us war ?
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " wir glauben all an einen gott " ( " we all believe in one true god " ) is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism . <SEP> where ?
internet pharmacies ( also known as online pharmacies ) are also recommended to some patients by their physicians if they are homebound . <SEP> what ?
the account of his travels , il milione ( or , the million , known in english as the travels of marco polo ) , appeared about the year 1299. some argue over the accuracy of marco polo 's accounts due to the lack of mentioning the great wall of china , tea houses , which would have been a prominent sight since europeans had yet to adopt a tea culture , as well the practice of foot binding by the women in capital of the great khan . <SEP> what ?
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality . <SEP> what nationality ?
within 30 days , over 100,000 digiboxes had been sold , which help bolstered bskyb 's decision to give away free digiboxes and minidishes from may 1999 . <SEP> how many ?
apollo 8 was planned to be the d mission in december 1968 , crewed by mcdivitt , scott and schweickart , launched on a saturn v instead of two saturn ibs . <SEP> what type of saturn ?
statements from the presiding officer and the member in charge of the bill are also lodged indicating whether the bill is within the legislative competence of the parliament . <SEP> what ?
the principles of european union law are rules of law which have been developed by the european court of justice that constitute unwritten rules which are not expressly provided for in the treaties but which affect how european union law is interpreted and applies . <SEP> which entity ?
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek . <SEP> what flood ?
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance . <SEP> what color ?
half of paris 's population of 100,000 people died . <SEP> how much of paris ' population ?
eu competition law has its origins in the european coal and steel community ( ecsc ) agreement between france , italy , belgium , the netherlands , luxembourg and germany in 1951 following the second world war . <SEP> what year ?
the g mission was achieved on apollo 11 in july 1969 by an all-gemini veteran crew consisting of neil armstrong , michael collins and buzz aldrin . <SEP> in what month and year ?
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands . <SEP> where ?
the river now flows north as upper rhine through the upper rhine plain , which is about 300 km long and up to 40 km wide . <SEP> how wide ?
the ipcc produces reports that support the united nations framework convention on climate change ( unfccc ) , which is the main international treaty on climate change . <SEP> what ?
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants . <SEP> what color ?
the abc logo first appeared as a on-screen bug in the 1993–94 season , appearing initially only for 60 seconds at the beginning of an act or segment , before appearing throughout programs ( except during commercial breaks ) beginning in the 1995–96 season ; the respective iterations of the translucent logo bug were also incorporated within program promotions until the 2011–12 season . <SEP> in which season ?
however , the requirements to be registered in milan before being able to practice would be allowed if they were non-discriminatory , " justified by imperative requirements in the general interest " and proportionately applied . <SEP> under what ?
sky picked up the remaining four for £1.3bn . <SEP> who ?
a series of three small civil wars known as the huguenot rebellions broke out , mainly in southwestern france , between 1621 and 1629. revolted against royal authority . <SEP> when ?
the service started on 1 september 1993 based on the idea from the then chief executive officer , sam chisholm and rupert murdoch , of converting the company business strategy to an entirely fee-based concept . <SEP> who ?
his poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments . <SEP> what other aspect of luther 's life ?
six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system , metrolink , run out of downtown los angeles , connecting los angeles , ventura , san bernardino , riverside , orange , and san diego counties with the other line connecting san bernardino , riverside , and orange counties directly . <SEP> what ?
and the critically pilloried cop rock for abc earlier in the decade ) ; lasting ten seasons , the drama became known for its boundary pushing of network television standards ( particularly its occasional use of graphic language and rear nudity ) , which led some affiliates to initially refuse to air the show in its first season . <SEP> how many seasons ?
tumor cells often have a reduced number of mhc class i molecules on their surface , thus avoiding detection by killer t cells . <SEP> what receptors ?
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 . <SEP> what ?
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters . <SEP> what area ?
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people . <SEP> what ?
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region . <SEP> what ?
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service . <SEP> which smartphone customers ?
jacques legardeur de saint-pierre , who succeeded marin as commander of the french forces after the latter died on october 29 , invited washington to dine with him . <SEP> who ?
when considering computational problems , a problem instance is a string over an alphabet . <SEP> what ?
this principle of equivalence was one of the foundational underpinnings for the development of the general theory of relativity . <SEP> what ?
discovering that their formats seemed to appeal to their viewers , the network became the first to adopt them for a new national morning show , good morning america , which debuted on november 3 , 1975 . <SEP> when ?
the snp took 16 seats from labour , with many of their key figures not returned to parliament , although labour leader iain gray retained east lothian by 151 votes . <SEP> who ?
in 1926 , tesla commented on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality , and indicated that humanity 's future would be run by " queen bees . " <SEP> who ?
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally . <SEP> at what university ?
members of the genus haeckelia prey on jellyfish and incorporate their prey 's nematocysts ( stinging cells ) into their own tentacles instead of colloblasts . <SEP> what ?
however , the university did eventually reduce its south african holdings by $ 230 million ( out of $ 400 million ) in response to the pressure . <SEP> by how much ?
the mermaid ( syrenka ) is warsaw 's symbol and can be found on statues throughout the city and on the city 's coat of arms . <SEP> what ?
however , these characteristics actually result from the pauli exclusion principle . <SEP> what ?
newton , however , realized that since all celestial bodies followed the same laws of motion , his law of gravity had to be universal . <SEP> who ?
during this time , the lower rhine flowed roughly west through the netherlands and extended to the southwest , through the english channel and finally , to the atlantic ocean . <SEP> which direction ?
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section . <SEP> what ?
the nbc blue network was created in 1927 for the primary purpose of testing new programs on markets of lesser importance than those served by nbc red , which served the major cities , and to test drama series . <SEP> what kind of programs ?
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea . <SEP> where ?
the english channel , the irish channel and most of the north sea were dry land , mainly because sea level was approximately 120 m ( 390 ft ) lower than today . <SEP> what else ?
four thousand emigrated to the north american colonies , where they settled in new york and virginia , especially . <SEP> how many ?
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) . <SEP> how much older ?
the third division under genghis khan and tolui marched to the northwest and attacked khwarzemia from that direction . <SEP> who ?
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos . <SEP> what color ?
he left law school , sold his books , and entered a closed augustinian cloister in erfurt on 17 july 1505. one friend blamed the decision on luther 's sadness over the deaths of two friends . <SEP> on what ?
despite this , he had a profound respect for both buddhism and christianity . <SEP> which two religions ?
there are conflicting views of genghis khan in the people 's republic of china with some viewing him positively in the inner mongolia region where there are a monument and buildings about him and where there is a considerable number of mongols in the area with a population of around 5 million , almost twice the population of mongolia . <SEP> what ?
the further decline of byzantine state-of-affairs paved the road to a third attack in 1185 , when a large norman army invaded dyrrachium , owing to the betrayal of high byzantine officials . <SEP> when ?
in 2015 , pew research estimated that 3.6 % of the u.s population , or 9 million adult adherents , self-identify with the united methodist church revealing a much larger number of adherents than registered membership . <SEP> what percentage of the u.s. population self-identify ?
reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation . <SEP> what type of engines ?
fresno became an incorporated city in 1885. by 1931 the fresno traction company operated 47 streetcars over 49 miles of track . <SEP> in what year ?
the different islamist movements have been described as " oscillating between two poles " : at one end is a strategy of islamization of society through state power seized by revolution or invasion ; at the other " reformist " pole islamists work to islamize society gradually " from the bottom up " . <SEP> what ?
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments . <SEP> what ?
prince louis de condé , along with his sons daniel and osias , [ citation needed ] arranged with count ludwig von nassau-saarbrücken to establish a huguenot community in present-day saarland in 1604. the count supported mercantilism and welcomed technically skilled immigrants into his lands , regardless of their religion . <SEP> in what year ?
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits . <SEP> what ?
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni . <SEP> what ?
with over 600,000 drawings , over 750,000 papers and paraphernalia , and over 700,000 photographs from around the world , together they form the world 's most comprehensive architectural resource . <SEP> approximately how many ?
some are simultaneous hermaphrodites , which can produce both eggs and sperm at the same time . <SEP> what ?
many of the empire 's nomadic inhabitants considered themselves mongols in military and civilian life , including mongols , turks and others and included many diverse khans of various ethnicities as part of the mongol empire such as muhammad khan . <SEP> who ?
cbc began airing series two on 9 october 2006 at 20:00 e/p ( 20:30 in newfoundland and labrador ) , shortly after that day 's cfl double header on thanksgiving in most of the country . <SEP> on what date ?
in 1529 , warsaw for the first time became the seat of the general sejm , permanent from 1569. in 1573 the city gave its name to the warsaw confederation , formally establishing religious freedom in the polish–lithuanian commonwealth . <SEP> who ?
after a grand jury was convened to investigate , 11 officials were indicted and more were forced to resign . <SEP> how many city ?
together in april 1887 they formed the tesla electric company with an agreement that profits from generated patents would go ⅓ to tesla , ⅓ to peck and brown , and ⅓ to fund development . <SEP> what ?
in the middle east , and particularly in iran , genghis khan is almost universally condemned as a destructive and genocidal warlord who caused enormous damage and destruction to the population of these areas . <SEP> which middle eastern nation in particular views ?
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) . <SEP> when ?
tamara de lempicka was a famous artist born in warsaw . <SEP> where ?
accountants act to study the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process . <SEP> who ?
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai . <SEP> which company ?
norman adventurers founded the kingdom of sicily under roger ii after conquering southern italy on the saracens and byzantines , and an expedition on behalf of their duke , william the conqueror , led to the norman conquest of england at the battle of hastings in 1066. norman cultural and military influence spread from these new european centres to the crusader states of the near east , where their prince bohemond i founded the principality of antioch in the levant , to scotland and wales in great britain , to ireland , and to the coasts of north africa and the canary islands . <SEP> who ?
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs . <SEP> what type of entrepreneurship ?
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 . <SEP> who ?
the weight of boilers and condensers generally makes the power-to-weight ratio of a steam plant lower than for internal combustion engines . <SEP> what ?
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia . <SEP> in what year ?
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game . <SEP> who ?
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . " <SEP> who ?
he started teaching in rotterdam , where he finished writing and publishing his multi-volume masterpiece , historical and critical dictionary . <SEP> where ?
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since . <SEP> what position ?
major bequests include reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of 154 gems bequeathed in 1869 , lady cory 's 1951 gift of major diamond jewellery from the 18th and 19th centuries , and jewellery scholar dame joan evans ' 1977 gift of more than 800 jewels dating from the middle ages to the early 19th century . <SEP> approximately how many gems in reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection ?
it remains in use today , along with luther 's hymns and his translation of the bible . <SEP> what translation of luther 's ?
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . ) <SEP> what ?
pharmacists provide direct patient care services that optimizes the use of medication and promotes health , wellness , and disease prevention . <SEP> what ?
prime numbers are also used for hash tables and pseudorandom number generators . <SEP> what type of number generators ?
a publicly accessible database has been established for the cataloguing of epitopes from pathogens known to be recognizable by b cells . <SEP> by what cells ?
as of march 2015 [ update ] , abc has eight owned-and-operated stations , and current and pending affiliation agreements with 235 additional television stations encompassing 49 states , the district of columbia , four u.s. possessions , bermuda and saba ; this makes abc the largest u.s. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates . <SEP> how many stations ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall . <SEP> in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students ?
the famous cavalry expedition led by subutai and jebe , in which they encircled the entire caspian sea defeating all armies in their path , remains unparalleled to this day , and word of the mongol triumphs began to trickle to other nations , particularly europe . <SEP> which two mongol leaders ?
the show 's premise is that this is a life process of time lords through which the character of the doctor takes on a new body and , to some extent , new personality , which occurs after sustaining an injury which would be fatal to most other species . <SEP> what else ?
if the answer is yes , many important problems can be shown to have more efficient solutions . <SEP> what effect ?
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars . <SEP> in 1893 , who ?
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game . <SEP> who ?
despite an almost 500 % increase in advertising revenues between 1953 and 1958 , the network only had a national reach of between 10 % and 18 % of the total u.s. population , as it still had relatively fewer affiliates than nbc and cbs . <SEP> what ?
soon after , much of tesla 's early research—hundreds of invention models , plans , notes , laboratory data , tools , photographs , valued at $ 50,000—was lost in the 5th avenue laboratory fire of march 1895. tesla is quoted by the new york times as saying , " i am in too much grief to talk . <SEP> what ?
mass residential blocks were erected , with basic design typical of eastern bloc countries . <SEP> what style ?
a consortium led by the international crops research institute for the semi-arid tropics ( icrisat ) has had some success in helping farmers grow new pigeon pea varieties , instead of maize , in particularly dry areas . <SEP> what institution ?
for many native populations , the elimination of french power in north america meant the disappearance of a strong ally and counterweight to british expansion , leading to their ultimate dispossession . <SEP> what ?
many of these series were greenlit by silverman , who left abc in 1978 to become president of nbc 's entertainment division . <SEP> what position ?
bskyb initially charged additional subscription fees for using a sky+ pvr with their service ; waiving the charge for subscribers whose package included two or more premium channels . <SEP> what service ?
the british superintendent for indian affairs in the new york region and beyond , johnson was known to the iroquois as warraghiggey , meaning " he who does great things . " <SEP> what ?
as such the european court of justice is bound to draw inspiration from the constitutional traditions common to the member states . <SEP> where ?
" great mongol state " ) , resulting in dai ön yeke mongghul ulus ( mongolian script : ) , meaning " great yuan great mongol state " . <SEP> what ?
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped . <SEP> in what year ?
in 1873 , tesla returned to his birthtown , smiljan . <SEP> where ?
maududi also believed that muslim society could not be islamic without sharia , and islam required the establishment of an islamic state . <SEP> what ?
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden . <SEP> what ?
in particular , number theorists such as british mathematician g. h. hardy prided themselves on doing work that had absolutely no military significance . <SEP> what british mathematician ?
the revocation forbade protestant services , required education of children as catholics , and prohibited emigration . <SEP> what ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> how many ?
the cities and communities along interstate 15 and interstate 215 are so inter-related that temecula and murrieta have as much connection with the san diego metropolitan area as they do with the inland empire . <SEP> what other area ?
another master plan , designed in 1999 and updated in 2004 , produced the gerald ratner athletics center ( 2003 ) , the max palevsky residential commons ( 2001 ) , south campus residence hall and dining commons ( 2009 ) , a new children 's hospital , and other construction , expansions , and restorations . <SEP> when ?
southern california 's economy is diverse and one of the largest in the united states . <SEP> what ?
" dà yuán " ( 大元 ) is from the sentence " 大哉乾元 " ( dà zai qián yuán / " great is qián , the primal " ) in the commentaries on the classic of changes ( i ching ) section regarding qián ( 乾 ) . <SEP> what writing ?
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section . <SEP> what ?
montcalm focused his meager resources on the defense of the st. lawrence , with primary defenses at carillon , quebec , and louisbourg , while vaudreuil argued unsuccessfully for a continuation of the raiding tactics that had worked quite effectively in previous years . <SEP> where ?
in 2010 the amazon rainforest experienced another severe drought , in some ways more extreme than the 2005 drought . <SEP> in what year ?
if there is audible dissent , the presiding officer announces " there will be a division " and members vote by means of electronic consoles on their desks . <SEP> how ?
the beroida , also known as nuda , have no feeding appendages , but their large pharynx , just inside the large mouth and filling most of the saclike body , bears " macrocilia " at the oral end . <SEP> what ?
as in the house of commons , a number of qualifications apply to being an msp . <SEP> what ?
among them , the original fresno county courthouse ( demolished ) , the fresno carnegie public library ( demolished ) , the fresno water tower , the bank of italy building , the pacific southwest building , the san joaquin light & power building ( currently known as the grand 1401 ) , and the hughes hotel ( burned down ) , to name a few . <SEP> which one of fresno 's hotels ?
the height of this persecution was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre when 5,000 to 30,000 were killed , although there were also underlying political reasons for this as well , as some of the huguenots were nobles trying to establish separate centers of power in southern france . <SEP> how many ?
britain gained control of french canada and acadia , colonies containing approximately 80,000 primarily french-speaking roman catholic residents . <SEP> how many french colonists ?
tesla may have inadvertently captured an x-ray image—predating , by a few weeks , wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 announcement of the discovery of x-rays—when he tried to photograph mark twain illuminated by a geissler tube , an earlier type of gas discharge tube . <SEP> what type of image ?
after founding the mongol empire and being proclaimed " genghis khan " , he started the mongol invasions that resulted in the conquest of most of eurasia . <SEP> what ?
andrew lortie ( born andré lortie ) , a leading huguenot theologian and writer who led the exiled community in london , became known for articulating their criticism of the pope and the doctrine of transubstantiation during mass . <SEP> what catholic church liturgical belief ?
leonard hubert hoffmann writes , " in deciding whether or not to impose punishment , the most important consideration would be whether it would do more harm than good . <SEP> what ?
but once again they came up empty , this time as a result of a newton pass that bounced off the hands of ginn and was intercepted by safety t. j. ward . <SEP> who ?
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) . <SEP> how many first downs ?
those who complete high school can join a polytechnic or other technical college and study for three years or proceed directly to the university and study for four years . <SEP> what ?
some priests and former religious had already married , including andreas karlstadt and justus jonas , but luther 's wedding set the seal of approval on clerical marriage . <SEP> what kind of marriage ?
christians , he said , must not slacken in following christ on account of such false assurances . <SEP> who ?
in the autumn of 1991 , talks were held for the broadcast rights for premier league for a five-year period , from the 1992 season . <SEP> when ?
like most legislative bodies , the city council divides itself into committees which have the oversight of various functions of the city government . <SEP> what ?
from a mathematical viewpoint , it roughly states that the asymptotic distribution of primes ( about x/log x of numbers less than x are primes , the prime number theorem ) also holds for much shorter intervals of length about the square root of x ( for intervals near x ) . <SEP> what type of prime distribution ?
the v & a presented a combined concert/lecture by british progressive folk-rock band gryphon , who explored the lineage of mediaeval music and instrumentation and related how those contributed to contemporary music 500 years later . <SEP> which musical genre ?
it is held annually in june on the thames river in eastern connecticut . <SEP> in what body of water ?
although maududi talked about islamic revolution , by " revolution " he meant not the violence or populist policies of the iranian revolution , but the gradual changing the hearts and minds of individuals from the top of society downward through an educational process or da'wah . <SEP> what type of revolution ?
his 1543 treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) took its place among other anti-jewish literature of the times , although historians acknowledge that this treatise was particularly extreme , even by the standards of sixteenth century europe . <SEP> when ?
the location of fort caroline is subject to debate but a reconstruction of the fort was established on the st. johns river in 1964 . <SEP> which fort ?
merit network , inc. , an independent non-profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) corporation governed by michigan 's public universities , was formed in 1966 as the michigan educational research information triad to explore computer networking between three of michigan 's public universities as a means to help the state 's educational and economic development . <SEP> why ?
he insisted that , since forgiveness was god 's alone to grant , those who claimed that indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation were in error . <SEP> what ?
high tuition , schools claim , is used to pay higher salaries for the best teachers and also used to provide enriched learning environments , including a low student to teacher ratio , small class sizes and services , such as libraries , science laboratories and computers . <SEP> who ?
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique . <SEP> by which two artists ?
jaime weston , the league 's vice president of brand and creative , explained that a primary reason for the change was the difficulty of designing an aesthetically pleasing logo with the letter " l " using the standardized logo template introduced at super bowl xlv . <SEP> who ?
the glass collection covers 4000 years of glass making , and has over 6000 items from africa , britain , europe , america and asia . <SEP> how many years ?
the panthers could not gain any yards with their possession and had to punt . <SEP> how ?
the swahili built mombasa into a major port city and established trade links with other nearby city-states , as well as commercial centres in persia , arabia , and even india . <SEP> who ?
co-teaching is defined as two or more teachers working harmoniously to fulfill the needs of every student in the classroom . <SEP> how ?
the first commercial steam-powered device was a water pump , developed in 1698 by thomas savery . <SEP> who ?
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor . <SEP> what ?
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game . <SEP> what ?
the medieval esteve pharmacy , located in llívia , a catalan enclave close to puigcerdà , also now a museum , dates back to the 15th century , keeping albarellos from the 16th and 17th centuries , old prescription books and antique drugs . <SEP> what ?
temüjin turned to toghrul for support , and in response , toghrul offered his vassal 20,000 of his keraite warriors and suggested that he also involve his childhood friend jamukha , who had himself become khan ( ruler ) of his own tribe , the jadaran . <SEP> which of temüjin 's childhood friends ?
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york . <SEP> how old ?
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead . <SEP> who ?
luther and his colleagues introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the electorate of saxony , which began in 1527. they also assessed the standard of pastoral care and christian education in the territory . <SEP> when ?
under the deal , the president would appoint cabinet ministers from both pnu and odm camps depending on each party 's strength in parliament . <SEP> where ?
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) . <SEP> what ?
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott . <SEP> what university 's facility ?
in the fall of 2015 , abc is stopped with its 1998–2002 four-note jingles for promotions and production company vanity cards following the closing credits of most of its programs over seventeen years , now it have a different and adventure-type music ( with the drums of the network 's four-note signature in the ending ) . <SEP> in what year ?
gasquet ( 1908 ) claimed that the latin name atra mors ( black death ) for the 14th-century epidemic first appeared in modern times in 1631 in a book on danish history by j.i . pontanus : " vulgo & ab effectu atram mortem vocatibant . <SEP> who ?
this teaching by luther was clearly expressed in his 1525 publication on the bondage of the will , which was written in response to on free will by desiderius erasmus ( 1524 ) . <SEP> when ?
cultural imperialism is when a country 's influence is felt in social and cultural circles , i.e . <SEP> when ?
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices . <SEP> when ?
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game . <SEP> who ?
cash flow problems exist when the present amount of funding can not cover the current costs for labour and materials , and because they are a matter of having sufficient funds at a specific time , can arise even when the overall total is enough . <SEP> when ?
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials . <SEP> when ?
one theory is that , while disobedience may be helpful , any great amount of it would undermine the law by encouraging general disobedience which is neither conscientious nor of social benefit . <SEP> why ?
private schooling in the united states has been debated by educators , lawmakers and parents , since the beginnings of compulsory education in massachusetts in 1852. the supreme court precedent appears to favor educational choice , so long as states may set standards for educational accomplishment . <SEP> what ?
about 0.9 % of the sun 's mass is oxygen . <SEP> how much of the sun ?
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species . <SEP> how many tree species ?
for the third straight season , the number one seeds from both conferences met in the super bowl . <SEP> what seed ?
inside cryptophyte chloroplasts is a pyrenoid and thylakoids in stacks of two . <SEP> how ?
bolshevik leaders had effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire by 1921 , however with an internationalist ideology : lenin in particular asserted the right to limited self-determination for national minorities within the new territory . <SEP> who ?
the green dining room 1866–68 was the work of philip webb and william morris , and displays elizabethan influences . <SEP> who ?
his records indicate that the device is based on a narrow stream of small tungsten pellets that are accelerated via high voltage ( by means akin to his magnifying transformer ) . <SEP> what ?
as a result , abc and disney 's first television collaboration ended in 1961 ( the network would resume its relationship with disney in 1985 , when the anthology series returned to the network for a three-season run as the disney sunday movie until it lost the rights to nbc again in 1988 ; the disney anthology series would return to abc in 1996 , following the company 's purchase of the future capital cities/abc , as the wonderful world of disney ) . <SEP> in what year ?
another standard tactic of the mongol military was the commonly practiced feigned retreat to break enemy formations and to lure small enemy groups away from the larger group and defended position for ambush and counterattack . <SEP> how ?
keff mcculloch provided the new arrangement for the seventh doctor 's era which lasted from season 24 ( 1987 ) until the series ' suspension in 1989. american composer john debney created a new arrangement of ron grainer 's original theme for doctor who in 1996. for the return of the series in 2005 , murray gold provided a new arrangement which featured samples from the 1963 original with further elements added ; in the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " , gold introduced a modified closing credits arrangement that was used up until the conclusion of the 2007 series . <SEP> in what show ?
the result indicates that the rainforest could be threatened though the 21st century by climate change in addition to deforestation . <SEP> what ?
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense . <SEP> what ?
after malaysia 's independence in 1957 , the government instructed all schools to surrender their properties and be assimilated into the national school system . <SEP> in what year ?
an old , ill man can not earn as much as a healthy young man ; gender roles and customs may prevent a woman from receiving an education or working outside the home . <SEP> what ?
malcolm submitted , paid homage to william and surrendered his son duncan as a hostage , beginning a series of arguments as to whether the scottish crown owed allegiance to the king of england . <SEP> who ?
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction . <SEP> who ?
the daily mail newspaper reported in 2012 that the uk government 's benefits agency was checking claimants ' " sky tv bills to establish if a woman in receipt of benefits as a single mother is wrongly claiming to be living alone " – as , it claimed , subscription to sports channels would betray a man 's presence in the household . <SEP> what ?
the working fluid in a rankine cycle can operate as a closed loop system , where the working fluid is recycled continuously , or may be an " open loop " system , where the exhaust steam is directly released to the atmosphere , and a separate source of water feeding the boiler is supplied . <SEP> what ?
a probabilistic turing machine is a deterministic turing machine with an extra supply of random bits . <SEP> what ?
the most basic method of checking the primality of a given integer n is called trial division . <SEP> what ?
the college 's academics are divided into five divisions : the biological sciences collegiate division , the physical sciences collegiate division , the social sciences collegiate division , the humanities collegiate division , and the new collegiate division . <SEP> how many divisions ?
generally speaking , while all member states recognise that eu law takes primacy over national law where this agreed in the treaties , they do not accept that the court of justice has the final say on foundational constitutional questions affecting democracy and human rights . <SEP> what ?
the victory was made complete in 1760 when , despite losing outside quebec city in the battle of sainte-foy , the british were able to prevent the arrival of french relief ships in the naval battle of the restigouche while armies marched on montreal from three sides . <SEP> what battle outside quebec city ?
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism . <SEP> when ?
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp . <SEP> what ?
this expedient has since been generally considered satisfactory for most purposes and makes possible the use of the simpler stephenson , joy and walschaerts motions . <SEP> what ?
appletalk included features that allowed local area networks to be established ad hoc without the requirement for a centralized router or server . <SEP> what ?
thus , the straight line path in space-time is seen as a curved line in space , and it is called the ballistic trajectory of the object . <SEP> what space-time path ?
since the 1970s , numerous geoglyphs have been discovered on deforested land dating between ad 0–1250 , furthering claims about pre-columbian civilizations . <SEP> what ?
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock . <SEP> who ?
this is often interpreted as meaning the outer chloroplast membrane is the product of the host 's cell membrane infolding to form a vesicle to surround the ancestral cyanobacterium—which is not true—both chloroplast membranes are homologous to the cyanobacterium 's original double membranes . <SEP> how ?
in 1968 during the cultural revolution , red guards destroyed almost everything of value . <SEP> who ?
in addition to using 30 % less steam , it provided more uniform speed due to variable steam cut off , making it well suited to manufacturing , especially cotton spinning . <SEP> how much ?
formed in november 1990 by the equal merger of sky television and british satellite broadcasting , bskyb became the uk 's largest digital subscription television company . <SEP> what company ?
in 1599 the british east india company was established and was chartered by queen elizabeth in the following year . <SEP> when ?
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts . <SEP> who ?
the apollo extension series ( apollo x , ) proposed up to 30 flights to earth orbit , using the space in the spacecraft lunar module adapter ( sla ) to house a small orbital laboratory ( workshop ) . <SEP> what ?
neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor , capital and land . <SEP> what ?
the river ijssel branch flows to the north and enters the ijsselmeer , formerly the zuider zee brackish lagoon ; however , since 1932 , a freshwater lake . <SEP> what ?
since its invention in 1269 , the 'phags-pa script , a unified script for spelling mongolian , tibetan , and chinese languages , was preserved in the court until the end of the dynasty . <SEP> when ?
céloron 's expedition force consisted of about 200 troupes de la marine and 30 indians . <SEP> who ?
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier . <SEP> when ?
in one of the richest agricultural regions in the u.s. , cattle and citrus were major industries until farmlands were turned into suburbs . <SEP> what characteristic best ?
the unproven riemann hypothesis , dating from 1859 , states that except for s = −2 , −4 , ... , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 . <SEP> what ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> what performer ?
some scholars have asserted that luther taught that faith and reason were antithetical in the sense that questions of faith could not be illuminated by reason . <SEP> what ?
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms . <SEP> how many ?
the heat is supplied externally to a closed loop with some of the heat added being converted to work and the waste heat being removed in a condenser . <SEP> what ?
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports . <SEP> after the merger between abc and capital cities , who ?
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection . <SEP> approximately how many british oil paintings ?
france took control of algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in north and west africa , as well as south-east asia , with other conquests in central and east africa , as well as the south pacific . <SEP> when ?
the plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of british bacteriologist j. f. d. shrewsbury in 1970 , who noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague , leading him to conclude that contemporary accounts were exaggerations . <SEP> who ?
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return . <SEP> who ?
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many points ?
as organisms exist at the same time period throughout the world , their presence or ( sometimes ) absence may be used to provide a relative age of the formations in which they are found . <SEP> what ?
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai . <SEP> that ?
while the fulton mall corridor has suffered a sharp decline from its heyday , the mall includes some of the finest public art pieces in the country , including the only pierre-auguste renoir piece in the world that one can walk up to and touch . <SEP> which artist ?
the programme 's first serial , an unearthly child , shows that the doctor has a granddaughter , susan foreman . <SEP> what ?
mandatory committees are committees which are set down under the scottish parliament 's standing orders , which govern their remits and proceedings . <SEP> what type of committee ?
photorespiration can occur when the oxygen concentration is too high . <SEP> when ?
this function looks like that of a coach using the whole gamut of psychology to get each new class of rookies off the bench and into the game . " <SEP> what function ?
amongst these include 5 university of california campuses ( irvine , los angeles , riverside , santa barbara , and san diego ) ; 12 california state university campuses ( bakersfield , channel islands , dominguez hills , fullerton , los angeles , long beach , northridge , pomona , san bernardino , san diego , san marcos , and san luis obispo ) ; and private institutions such as the california institute of technology , chapman university , the claremont colleges ( claremont mckenna college , harvey mudd college , pitzer college , pomona college , and scripps college ) , loma linda university , loyola marymount university , occidental college , pepperdine university , university of redlands , university of san diego , and the university of southern california . <SEP> what kind of university ?
one of the great geographical treatises of the middle ages , the " tabula rogeriana " , was written by the andalusian al-idrisi for king roger ii of sicily , and entitled " kitab rudjdjar " ( " the book of roger " ) . <SEP> what ?
victoria produced in the decade 1851–1860 20 million ounces of gold , one third of the world 's output [ citation needed ] . <SEP> how much gold ?
stadtholder william iii of orange , who later became king of england , emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv after the french attacked the dutch republic in 1672. william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state . <SEP> what coalition ?
the dominant explanation for the black death is the plague theory , which attributes the outbreak to yersinia pestis , also responsible for an epidemic that began in southern china in 1865 , eventually spreading to india . <SEP> what ?
according to work by barro in 1999 and 2000 , high levels of inequality reduce growth in relatively poor countries but encourage growth in richer countries . <SEP> what ?
tesla 's mother , đuka tesla ( née mandić ) , whose father was also an orthodox priest , :10 had a talent for making home craft tools , mechanical appliances , and the ability to memorize serbian epic poems . <SEP> what ?
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression . <SEP> how many ?
ctenophores are distinguished from all other animals by having colloblasts , which are sticky and adhere to prey , although a few ctenophore species lack them . <SEP> what ?
the current 8–4–4 system was launched in january 1985. it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector . <SEP> what ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> how much ?
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959. the series went on to quickly become " immensely popular " . <SEP> why ?
the story is based on comments made by philipp melanchthon , though it is thought that he was not in wittenberg at the time . <SEP> where ?
in 2010 , a further such appearance featured matt smith as the eleventh doctor alongside former companion actress katy manning reprising her role as jo grant . <SEP> when ?
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt . <SEP> what ?
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states . <SEP> when ?
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california . <SEP> what ?
just under 540,800 students were enrolled in public schools , and just over 311,800 in private schools . <SEP> how many students ?
in 1998 , the metropolitan police authority filed an objection to the trade mark claim ; but in 2002 , the patent office ruled in favour of the bbc . <SEP> when ?
this rivalry , though , is put aside every two years when the harvard and yale track and field teams come together to compete against a combined oxford university and cambridge university team , a competition that is the oldest continuous international amateur competition in the world . <SEP> at what time ?
similar inverted repeats exist in the genomes of cyanobacteria and the other two chloroplast lineages ( glaucophyta and rhodophyceæ ) , suggesting that they predate the chloroplast , though some chloroplast dnas have since lost or flipped the inverted repeats ( making them direct repeats ) . <SEP> what ?
in 1938 , the fcc began a series of investigations into the practices of radio networks and published its report on the broadcasting of network radio programs in 1940. the report recommended that rca give up control of either nbc red or nbc blue . <SEP> in what year ?
at the start of the war , no french regular army troops were stationed in north america , and few british troops . <SEP> what ?
this revolution resulted in the urbanization of the city . <SEP> what ?
since about the year 2000 , a growing number of internet pharmacies have been established worldwide . <SEP> when ?
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) . <SEP> what ?
however , after lenin 's death , joseph stalin established 'socialism in one country ' for the soviet union , creating the model for subsequent inward looking stalinist states and purging the early internationalist elements . <SEP> what policy ?
zachęta national gallery of art , the oldest exhibition site in warsaw , with a tradition stretching back to the mid-19th century organises exhibitions of modern art by polish and international artists and promotes art in many other ways . <SEP> what ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> how much ?
abc , meanwhile , remained in third place and still needed money to grow itself into a major competitor . <SEP> what place ?
southern california contains a mediterranean climate , with infrequent rain and many sunny days . <SEP> what kind of climate ?
it was proposed that these channels would offer a range of content from the bskyb portfolio including sport ( including english premier league football ) , films , entertainment and news . <SEP> what ?
chagatai was considered unstable due to his temper and rash behavior , because of statements he made that he would not follow jochi if he were to become his father 's successor . <SEP> which of genghis khan 's sons ?
in reyners v belgium the court of justice held that a refusal to admit a lawyer to the belgian bar because he lacked belgian nationality was unjustified . <SEP> in which case ?
networks affiliates approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002. in september , disney chairman/ceo michael eisner outlined a proposed realignment of the abc broadcast network day parts with the similar unit in its cable channels : abc saturday mornings with disney channels ( toon & playhouse ) , abc daytime with soapnet and abc prime time with abc family . <SEP> who ?
though the british were later defeated at sainte foy in quebec , the french ceded canada in accordance with the 1763 treaty . <SEP> where ?
of the organic compounds with biological relevance , carbohydrates contain the largest proportion by mass of oxygen . <SEP> which organic compounds ?
a study in 1999 found one square kilometer ( 247 acres ) of amazon rainforest can contain about 90,790 tonnes of living plants . <SEP> how many ?
but some activists have opted to enter a blind plea , pleading guilty without any plea agreement in place . <SEP> what type of plea ?
the block of west end avenue housing the abc news building was renamed peter jennings way in 2006 in honor of the recently deceased longtime abc news chief anchor and anchor of world news tonight . <SEP> what show ?
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> when ?
available studies support a performance boost from enriched o 2 mixtures only if they are breathed during aerobic exercise . <SEP> what type of exercise ?
the first recorded settlement in what is now newcastle was pons aelius , a roman fort and bridge across the river tyne . <SEP> what river ?
the affected region was approximate 1,160,000 square miles ( 3,000,000 km2 ) of rainforest , compared to 734,000 square miles ( 1,900,000 km2 ) in 2005. the 2010 drought had three epicenters where vegetation died off , whereas in 2005 the drought was focused on the southwestern part . <SEP> how many square miles large ?
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game . <SEP> which company ?
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network . <SEP> what ?
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls . <SEP> how many teams ?
zachęta national gallery of art , the oldest exhibition site in warsaw , with a tradition stretching back to the mid-19th century organises exhibitions of modern art by polish and international artists and promotes art in many other ways . <SEP> what ?
for example , while diatoms ( a heterokontophyte ) now have a red algal derived chloroplast , the presence of many green algal genes in the diatom nucleus provide evidence that the diatom ancestor ( probably the ancestor of all chromalveolates too ) had a green algal derived chloroplast at some point , which was subsequently replaced by the red chloroplast . <SEP> what kind of chloroplasts ?
as previously arranged by his father , temüjin married börte of the onggirat tribe when he was around 16 in order to cement alliances between their respective tribes . <SEP> what ?
in 1903 , harvard stadium introduced a new era into football with the first-ever permanent reinforced concrete stadium of its kind in the country . <SEP> in what year ?
teachers with more experience and higher education earn more than those with a standard bachelor 's degree and certificate . <SEP> what two factors ?
the ones that accept government funds are called 'aided ' schools . <SEP> what ?
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan . <SEP> what ?
in may 2000 , the parliament was temporarily relocated to the former strathclyde regional council debating chamber in glasgow , and to the university of aberdeen in may 2002 . <SEP> where ?
ctenophores used to be regarded as " dead ends " in marine food chains because it was thought their low ratio of organic matter to salt and water made them a poor diet for other animals . <SEP> why ?
death wish coffee beat out nine other contenders from across the united states for the free advertisement . <SEP> besides death wish coffee , how many other competitors ?
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting . <SEP> why ?
in china , the polymath shen kuo ( 1031–1095 ) formulated a hypothesis for the process of land formation : based on his observation of fossil animal shells in a geological stratum in a mountain hundreds of miles from the ocean , he inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by deposition of silt . <SEP> what ?
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense . <SEP> approximately how many paintings ?
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season . <SEP> what ?
tuition at private secondary schools varies from school to school and depends on many factors , including the location of the school , the willingness of parents to pay , peer tuitions and the school 's financial endowment . <SEP> what factor ?
cryptophytes , or cryptomonads are a group of algae that contain a red-algal derived chloroplast . <SEP> what kind of chloroplasts ?
non-hispanic whites were 30.0 % of the population in 2010 , down from 72.6 % in 1970 . <SEP> what ?
september 1994 saw the debut of nypd blue , a gritty police procedural from steven bochco ( who created doogie howser , m.d . <SEP> who ?
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto . <SEP> what famous conductor ?
on 31 march 2012 , sky announced the total number of homes with sky+hd was 4,222,000 . <SEP> what ?
he allowed them to make decisions on their own when they embarked on campaigns far from the mongol empire capital karakorum . <SEP> what ?
the image at the right illustrates that 12 is not prime : 12 = 3 · 4. no even number greater than 2 is prime because by definition , any such number n has at least three distinct divisors , namely 1 , 2 , and n. this implies that n is not prime . <SEP> what ?
a president is elected by the judges for three years . <SEP> how long ?
kublai secured the northeast border in 1259 by installing the hostage prince wonjong as the ruler of korea , making it a mongol tributary state . <SEP> where ?
the motion picture , television , and music industry is centered on the los angeles in southern california . <SEP> what other major industry ?
of grainger town 's 450 buildings , 244 are listed , of which 29 are grade i and 49 are grade ii* . <SEP> how ?
although the famous mughal emperors were proud descendants of genghis khan and particularly timur , they clearly distanced themselves from the mongol atrocities committed against the khwarizim shahs , turks , persians , the citizens of baghdad and damascus , nishapur , bukhara and historical figures such as attar of nishapur and many other notable muslims . <SEP> which descendants of genghis khan ?
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits . <SEP> what ?
after a chloroplast polypeptide is synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol , an enzyme specific to chloroplast proteins phosphorylates , or adds a phosphate group to many ( but not all ) of them in their transit sequences . <SEP> where ?
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters . <SEP> who ?
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity . <SEP> what ?
according to the cellular theory of immunity , represented in particular by elie metchnikoff , it was cells – more precisely , phagocytes – that were responsible for immune responses . <SEP> under elie metchnikoff 's cellular theory , what cells ?
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library . <SEP> why ?
one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions shows that the amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of severely reduced rainfall and increased temperatures , leading to an almost complete loss of rainforest cover in the basin by 2100. however , simulations of amazon basin climate change across many different models are not consistent in their estimation of any rainfall response , ranging from weak increases to strong decreases . <SEP> what change in conditions ?
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell . <SEP> what team ?
to the south is the mexico–united states border . <SEP> what ?
his father was shi bingzhi ( 史秉直 , shih ping-chih ) . <SEP> who ?
the complexity class p is often seen as a mathematical abstraction modeling those computational tasks that admit an efficient algorithm . <SEP> what complexity class ?
the programme originally ran from 1963 to 1989. there was an unsuccessful attempt to revive regular production in 1996 with a backdoor pilot , in the form of a television film . <SEP> in what ?
westinghouse looked into getting a patent on a similar commutator-less , rotating magnetic field-based induction motor presented in a paper in march 1888 by the italian physicist galileo ferraris , but decided tesla 's patent would probably control the market . <SEP> what ?
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) . <SEP> what brand of car ?
average temperatures are less than 9 °c ( 48 °f ) in winter and below 0 °c ( 32 °f ) in the highest parts of the ranges . <SEP> what ?
although the vote was 51.6 % in favour of a scottish assembly , this figure did not equal the 40 % of the total electorate threshold deemed necessary to pass the measure , as 32.9 % of the eligible voting population did not , or had been unable to , vote . <SEP> what percentage ?
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin . <SEP> changes in rainfall ?
examples include the huguenot district and french church street in cork city ; and d'olier street in dublin , named after a high sheriff and one of the founders of the bank of ireland . <SEP> where ?
eu regulations are the same as treaty provisions in this sense , because as tfeu article 288 states , they are ‘ directly applicable in all member states ’ . <SEP> what ?
in august 1999 , abc premiered a special series event , who wants to be a millionaire , a game show based on the british program of the same title . <SEP> when ?
the competition resulted in edison machine works pursuing ac development in 1890 and by 1892 thomas edison was no longer in control of his own company , which was consolidated into the conglomerate general electric and converting to an ac delivery system at that point . <SEP> what company ?
a piece of paper was later found on which luther had written his last statement . <SEP> what ?
the fundamental theorem of arithmetic continues to hold in unique factorization domains . <SEP> what theorem ?
luther 's 1538 hymnic version of the lord 's prayer , " vater unser im himmelreich " , corresponds exactly to luther 's explanation of the prayer in the small catechism , with one stanza for each of the seven prayer petitions , plus opening and closing stanzas . <SEP> where ?
rubisco has a problem—it has trouble distinguishing between carbon dioxide and oxygen , so at high oxygen concentrations , rubisco starts accidentally adding oxygen to sugar precursors . <SEP> what effect ?
the broncos took an early lead in super bowl 50 and never trailed . <SEP> which team ?
the premier of victoria is the leader of the political party or coalition with the most seats in the legislative assembly . <SEP> what ?
new forms include partnering such as public-private partnering ( ppps ) aka private finance initiatives ( pfis ) and alliances such as " pure " or " project " alliances and " impure " or " strategic " alliances . <SEP> what ?
the tallest building in downtown jacksonville 's skyline is the bank of america tower , constructed in 1990 as the barnett center . <SEP> what distinction ?
he was baptized as a catholic the next morning on the feast day of st. martin of tours . <SEP> into what religion ?
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter . <SEP> how many passing yards ?
confucian governmental practices and examinations based on the classics , which had fallen into disuse in north china during the period of disunity , were reinstated by the yuan court , probably in the hope of maintaining order over han society . <SEP> what type of practices ?
the treaty of versailles and this particular provision , in general , caused much resentment in germany and is often cited as helping adolf hitler 's rise to power . <SEP> what ?
it is approximately 220 miles ( 350 km ) northwest of los angeles , 170 miles ( 270 km ) south of the state capital , sacramento , or 185 miles ( 300 km ) south of san francisco . <SEP> how far ?
like much of the south atlantic region of the united states , jacksonville has a humid subtropical climate ( köppen cfa ) , with mild weather during winters and hot and humid weather during summers . <SEP> how ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> how much ?
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest . <SEP> what ?
the st. johns river divides the city . <SEP> what river ?
the letters are strongly reminiscent of the bauhaus typeface designed by herbert bayer in the 1920s , but also share similarities with several other fonts , such as itc avant garde and horatio , and most closely resembling chalet . <SEP> who ?
the warfare was definitively quelled in 1598 , when henry of navarre , having succeeded to the french throne as henry iv , and having recanted protestantism in favour of roman catholicism , issued the edict of nantes . <SEP> what religion ?
the reverend alexander dyce was another benefactor of the library , leaving over 14,000 books to the museum in 1869. amongst the books he collected are early editions in greek and latin of the poets and playwrights aeschylus , aristotle , homer , livy , ovid , pindar , sophocles and virgil . <SEP> how ?
the connection between macroscopic nonconservative forces and microscopic conservative forces is described by detailed treatment with statistical mechanics . <SEP> in what treatment ?
in his later years , luther grew more hostile toward the jews , writing against them with the kind of venom he had already unleashed on the anabaptists , zwinglianism , and the papacy . <SEP> who ?
notable companions from the earlier series included romana ( mary tamm and lalla ward ) , a time lady ; sarah jane smith ( elisabeth sladen ) ; and jo grant ( katy manning ) . <SEP> what ?
the center in paris , a campus located on the left bank of the seine in paris , hosts various undergraduate and graduate study programs . <SEP> what river ?
five of the remaining six missions achieved successful landings , but the apollo 13 landing was prevented by an oxygen tank explosion in transit to the moon , which disabled the command spacecraft 's propulsion and life support . <SEP> how many of the remaining launches ?
in 1529 , he wrote the large catechism , a manual for pastors and teachers , as well as a synopsis , the small catechism , to be memorised by the people themselves . <SEP> for whom ?
according to international monetary fund economists , inequality in wealth and income is negatively correlated with the duration of economic growth spells ( not the rate of growth ) . <SEP> what ?
before genghis khan died , he assigned ögedei khan as his successor and split his empire into khanates among his sons and grandsons . <SEP> who ?
the duchy of normandy , which began in 911 as a fiefdom , was established by the treaty of saint-clair-sur-epte between king charles iii of west francia and the famed viking ruler rollo , and was situated in the former frankish kingdom of neustria . <SEP> who ?
bethencourt took the title of king of the canary islands , as vassal to henry iii of castile . <SEP> who ?
leonard goldenson , the president of upt ( which sought to diversify itself at the time ) , approached noble in 1951 on a proposal for upt to purchase abc . <SEP> who ?
apollo 5 ( as-204 ) was the first unmanned test flight of lm in earth orbit , launched from pad 37 on january 22 , 1968 , by the saturn ib that would have been used for apollo 1. the lm engines were successfully test-fired and restarted , despite a computer programming error which cut short the first descent stage firing . <SEP> which apollo ?
only four main interactions are known : in order of decreasing strength , they are : strong , electromagnetic , weak , and gravitational . <SEP> what ?
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away . <SEP> who ?
in keck and mithouard two importers claimed that their prosecution under a french competition law , which prevented them selling picon beer under wholesale price , was unlawful . <SEP> which two importers ?
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott . <SEP> what ?
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union . <SEP> how many people ?
rhodoplasts have a double membrane with an intermembrane space and phycobilin pigments organized into phycobilisomes on the thylakoid membranes , preventing their thylakoids from stacking . <SEP> what ?
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves . <SEP> what team ?
tolui , genghis khan 's youngest son , was not to be his successor because he was the youngest and in the mongol culture , youngest sons were not given much responsibility due to their age . <SEP> which ?
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces . <SEP> what ?
another important monument , the statue of little insurgent located at the ramparts of the old town , commemorates the children who served as messengers and frontline troops in the warsaw uprising , while the impressive warsaw uprising monument by wincenty kućma was erected in memory of the largest insurrection of world war ii . <SEP> who ?
at the time of his death , the mongol empire stretched from the caspian sea to the sea of japan . <SEP> what body of water ?
linebacker demarcus ware was selected to play in the pro bowl for the ninth time in his career , ranking second on the team with 7½ sacks . <SEP> what position ?
the v & a covers 12.5 acres ( 51,000 m2 ) and 145 galleries . <SEP> how many galleries ?
on 8 february 2007 , bskyb announced its intention to replace its three free-to-air digital terrestrial channels with four subscription channels . <SEP> when ?
the e. w. scripps company is the largest operator of abc stations in terms of overall market reach , owning 15 abc-affiliated stations ( including affiliates in larger markets such as cleveland , phoenix , detroit and denver ) , and through its ownership of phoenix affiliate knxv , las vegas affiliate ktnv-tv and tucson affiliate kgun-tv , the only provider of abc programming for the majority of arizona ( outside of the yuma-el centro market ) and southern nevada . <SEP> what ?
there are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end , and are spaced evenly round the body . <SEP> how ?
although grumman wanted a second unmanned test , george low decided the next lm flight would be manned . <SEP> who ?
in the late 1980s , jon pertwee and colin baker both played the doctor at different times during the run of a play titled doctor who – the ultimate adventure . <SEP> what ?
in july 1968 , abc continued its acquisitions in the amusement parks sector with the opening of abc marine world in redwood city , california ; that park was sold in 1972 and demolished in 1986 , with the land that occupied the park later becoming home to the headquarters of oracle corporation . <SEP> where ?
terra preta ( black earth ) , which is distributed over large areas in the amazon forest , is now widely accepted as a product of indigenous soil management . <SEP> what type of soil ?
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley . <SEP> approximately how many british drawings ?
in honor of the 50th super bowl , the pregame ceremony featured the on-field introduction of 39 of the 43 previous super bowl most valuable players . <SEP> how many players ?
acetone ( ( ch 3 ) 2co ) and phenol ( c 6h 5oh ) are used as feeder materials in the synthesis of many different substances . <SEP> what function ?
unfortunately this belief still lives on in poland ( although not as much as it used to be ) – even though since 1990 there are no limitations to residency registration anymore . <SEP> what ?
civil disobedients have chosen a variety of different illegal acts . <SEP> what type of actions ?
the city has an extensive neoclassical centre referred to as tyneside classical largely developed in the 1830s by richard grainger and john dobson , and recently extensively restored . <SEP> what ?
there are a set of beautiful inlaid doors , dated 1580 from antwerp city hall , attributed to hans vredeman de vries . <SEP> to whom ?
its most familiar effect is beta decay ( of neutrons in atomic nuclei ) and the associated radioactivity . <SEP> what ?
at a meeting in albany in december 1755 , he laid out his plans for 1756. in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec . <SEP> where ?
he often accompanied the sung hymns with a lute , later recreated as the waldzither that became a national instrument of germany in the 20th century . <SEP> what ?
the statocyst is protected by a transparent dome made of long , immobile cilia . <SEP> what ?
westinghouse also hired tesla for one year for the large fee of $ 2,000 ( $ 52,700 in today 's dollars ) per month to be a consultant at the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company 's pittsburgh labs . <SEP> what ?
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great . <SEP> in which year ?
the country 's literacy level stands at 85 % of the whole population . <SEP> what ?
its existence was first proved in 1962 , and first sequenced in 1986—when two japanese research teams sequenced the chloroplast dna of liverwort and tobacco . <SEP> when ?
itv had increased its offer from £18m to £34m per year to keep control of the rights . <SEP> what ?
stage 3 is the final stage of the bill and is considered at a meeting of the whole parliament . <SEP> what ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> how many interceptions ?
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982. this building is of concrete and very functional , the only embellishment being the iron gates by christopher hay and douglas coyne of the royal college of art . <SEP> what ?
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape . <SEP> who ?
they then use the atp and nadph to make organic molecules from carbon dioxide in a process known as the calvin cycle . <SEP> what ?
( lake baikal and ocean were called tenggis by the mongols . <SEP> which massive lake ?
the rhine-meuse delta is a tidal delta , shaped not only by the sedimentation of the rivers , but also by tidal currents . <SEP> what type of delta ?
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> when ?
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible . <SEP> that ?
the council meets twice a year at various locations throughout the world . <SEP> where ?
in against the murderous , thieving hordes of peasants , written on his return to wittenberg , he gave his interpretation of the gospel teaching on wealth , condemned the violence as the devil 's work , and called for the nobles to put down the rebels like mad dogs : <SEP> what ?
ögedei was seen by genghis khan as dependable in character and relatively stable and down to earth and would be a neutral candidate and might defuse the situation between his brothers . <SEP> which son ?
brownlee notes that " although civil disobedients are constrained in their use of coercion by their conscientious aim to engage in moral dialogue , nevertheless they may find it necessary to employ limited coercion in order to get their issue onto the table . " <SEP> what ?
by contrast to the ecj 's relaxed approach , a committee of independent experts found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had ‘ even the slightest sense of responsibility ’ . <SEP> who ?
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524–25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name . <SEP> what ?
teu articles 4 and 5 state that powers remain with the member states unless they have been conferred , although there is a debate about the kompetenz-kompetenz question : who ultimately has the " competence " to define the eu 's " competence " . <SEP> what articles ?
instead they begin with a phrase that reads : " the bill for this act of the scottish parliament was passed by the parliament on [ date ] and received royal assent on [ date ] " . <SEP> what ?
greater diversity in chloroplast shapes exists among the algae , which often contain a single chloroplast that can be shaped like a net ( e.g. , oedogonium ) , a cup ( e.g. , chlamydomonas ) , a ribbon-like spiral around the edges of the cell ( e.g. , spirogyra ) , or slightly twisted bands at the cell edges ( e.g. , sirogonium ) . <SEP> what shape ?
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow . <SEP> how much ?
" merciful god , what misery i have seen , " luther wrote , " the common people knowing nothing at all of christian doctrine ... and unfortunately many pastors are well-nigh unskilled and incapable of teaching . " <SEP> what ?
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing . <SEP> who ?
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3. however , computing a or μ requires the knowledge of infinitely many primes to begin with . <SEP> what ?
the warfare was definitively quelled in 1598 , when henry of navarre , having succeeded to the french throne as henry iv , and having recanted protestantism in favour of roman catholicism , issued the edict of nantes . <SEP> when ?
the region was a leader in the housing bubble 2001–2007 , and has been heavily impacted by the housing crash . <SEP> what ?
as a result , private schools in new zealand are now largely restricted to the largest cities ( auckland , hamilton , wellington and christchurch ) and niche markets . <SEP> what city ?
during his stay at wartburg , which he referred to as " my patmos " , luther translated the new testament from greek into german and poured out doctrinal and polemical writings . <SEP> what ?
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> what ?
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue . <SEP> what ?
the network hired the troika design group to design and produce its 2001–02 identity , which continued using the black-and-yellow coloring of the logo and featured dots and stripes in various promotional and identification spots . <SEP> what colors ?
gymnosperms do not require light to form chloroplasts . <SEP> what plants ?
in week 10 , manning suffered a partial tear of the plantar fasciitis in his left foot . <SEP> what foot ?
luther connected high art and folk music , also all classes , clergy and laity , men , women and children . <SEP> what art forms ?
the premier is the public face of government and , with cabinet , sets the legislative and political agenda . <SEP> who ?
in addition to identifying rocks in the field , petrologists identify rock samples in the laboratory . <SEP> where ?
the table under present-day education in kenya below shows the structure of the 8–4–4 system . <SEP> what ?
breast milk or colostrum also contains antibodies that are transferred to the gut of the infant and protect against bacterial infections until the newborn can synthesize its own antibodies . <SEP> what ?
commissioners have sometimes been found to have abused their offices , particularly since the santer commission was censured by parliament in 1999 , and it eventually resigned due to corruption allegations . <SEP> what commission ?
however , kgo-tv in san francisco , which had received its license prior to the freeze , made its debut on may 5 , 1949. on may 7 , 1949 , billboard revealed that abc had proposed an investment of $ 6.25 million , of which it would spend $ 2.5 million to convert 20 acres ( 80,937 m2 ) of land in hollywood into what would become the prospect studios , and construct a transmitter on mount wilson , in anticipation of the launch of keca-tv , which was scheduled to begin operations on august 1 ( but would not actually sign on until september 16 ) . <SEP> that ?
it is now used to jointly house the prints and architectural drawings of the v & a ( prints , drawings , paintings and photographs ) and royal institute of british architects ( riba drawings and archives collections ) ; and the sackler centre for arts education , which opened in 2008 . <SEP> what part of the v & a collection ?
it is expected that the continuous input of sediment into the lake will silt up the lake . <SEP> what ?
in 1066 , duke william ii of normandy conquered england killing king harold ii at the battle of hastings . <SEP> when ?
although the spanish takeover of the louisiana territory ( which was not completed until 1769 ) had modest repercussions , the british takeover of spanish florida resulted in the westward migration of tribes that did not want to do business with the british , and a rise in tensions between the choctaw and the creek , historic enemies whose divisions the british at times exploited . <SEP> what natives ?
the lunar module ( lm ) was designed to descend from lunar orbit to land two astronauts on the moon and take them back to orbit to rendezvous with the command module . <SEP> how many astronauts ?
the most general outbreaks in tudor and stuart england seem to have begun in 1498 , 1535 , 1543 , 1563 , 1589 , 1603 , 1625 , and 1636 , and ended with the great plague of london in 1665 . <SEP> when ?
the main sources of primary law are the treaties establishing the european union . <SEP> what ?
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc . <SEP> how ?
many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching , especially for hard-to-fill positions . <SEP> what type of positions ?
packets are normally forwarded by intermediate network nodes asynchronously using first-in , first-out buffering , but may be forwarded according to some scheduling discipline for fair queuing , traffic shaping , or for differentiated or guaranteed quality of service , such as weighted fair queuing or leaky bucket . <SEP> how ?
the total number of seats in the parliament are allocated to parties proportionally to the number of votes received in the second vote of the ballot using the d'hondt method . <SEP> how ?
luther taught that salvation and subsequently eternal life is not earned by good deeds but is received only as a free gift of god 's grace through faith in jesus christ as redeemer from sin . <SEP> how ?
iqbal 's seven english lectures were published by oxford university press in 1934 in a book titled the reconstruction of religious thought in islam . <SEP> what book ?
his companions are usually humans , as he has found a fascination with planet earth . <SEP> what type of beings ?
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands . <SEP> where ?
chamber debates and committee meetings are open to the public . <SEP> who ?
the islamic republic has also maintained its hold on power in iran in spite of us economic sanctions , and has created or assisted like-minded shia terrorist groups in iraq , egypt , syria , jordan ( sciri ) and lebanon ( hezbollah ) ( two muslim countries that also have large shiite populations ) . <SEP> what republic ?
these foreign bodies are picked up as magma or lava flows , and are incorporated , later to cool in the matrix . <SEP> by what ?
on april 20 , kennedy sent a memo to vice president lyndon b. johnson , asking johnson to look into the status of america 's space program , and into programs that could offer nasa the opportunity to catch up . <SEP> who ?
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s . <SEP> who ?
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages . <SEP> what ?
the availability of the bible in vernacular languages was important to the spread of the protestant movement and development of the reformed church in france . <SEP> what ?
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no . <SEP> what ?
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . ) <SEP> how much ?
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts . <SEP> what denver player ?
treaties apply as soon as they enter into force , unless stated otherwise , and are generally concluded for an unlimited period . <SEP> when ?
in case of a shared physical medium ( such as radio or 10base5 ) , the packets may be delivered according to a multiple access scheme . <SEP> how ?
the cestida ( " belt animals " ) are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals , with the mouth and aboral organ aligned in the middle of opposite edges of the ribbon . <SEP> which species ?
normally , the presiding officer tries to achieve a balance between different viewpoints and political parties when selecting members to speak . <SEP> what ?
from the late 1340s onwards , people in the countryside suffered from frequent natural disasters such as droughts , floods and the resulting famines , and the government 's lack of effective policy led to a loss of popular support . <SEP> when ?
an example of such a domain is the gaussian integers z [ i ] , that is , the set of complex numbers of the form a + bi where i denotes the imaginary unit and a and b are arbitrary integers . <SEP> what ?
a third in 2009 featured a crossover appearance from the main show by david tennant as the tenth doctor . <SEP> in what year ?
its music library contains 8000 cds and 10,000 lps . <SEP> how many cds ?
because of its unpaired electrons , triplet oxygen reacts only slowly with most organic molecules , which have paired electron spins ; this prevents spontaneous combustion . <SEP> what type of combustion ?
when rock units are placed under horizontal compression , they shorten and become thicker . <SEP> when ?
the role of teacher is often formal and ongoing , carried out at a school or other place of formal education . <SEP> where ?
the 2005 series reveals that the ninth doctor thought he was the last surviving time lord , and that his home planet had been destroyed ; in " the empty child " ( 2005 ) , dr. constantine states that , " before the war even began , i was a father and a grandfather . <SEP> in 2005 , what ?
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription . <SEP> who ?
at the battle of kalka river in 1223 , subutai 's forces defeated the larger kievan force . <SEP> where ?
the historian francis aidan gasquet wrote about the 'great pestilence ' in 1893 and suggested that " it would appear to be some form of the ordinary eastern or bubonic plague " . <SEP> who ?
for this , eck branded luther a new jan hus , referring to the czech reformer and heretic burned at the stake in 1415. from that moment , he devoted himself to luther 's defeat . <SEP> what ?
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " . <SEP> when ?
cyanobacteria also contain a peptidoglycan cell wall , which is thicker than in other gram-negative bacteria , and which is located between their two cell membranes . <SEP> what kind of cell wall ?
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida . <SEP> what tribe ?
smaller settlements , which included killeshandra in county cavan , contributed to the expansion of flax cultivation and the growth of the irish linen industry . <SEP> what textile industry ?
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay . <SEP> on what date ?
in ireland , private schools ( irish : scoil phríobháideach ) are unusual because a certain number of teacher 's salaries are paid by the state . <SEP> what ?
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963. the programme depicts the adventures of the doctor , a time lord—a space and time-travelling humanoid alien . <SEP> who ?
they set up a laboratory for tesla at 89 liberty street in manhattan where he worked on improving and developing new types of electric motors , generators and other devices . <SEP> where ?
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction . <SEP> for which ?
[ citation needed ] on november 28 , 1995 , bill clinton signed the national highway designation act , ending the federal 55 mph ( 89 km/h ) speed limit , allowing states to restore their prior maximum speed limit . <SEP> when ?
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs . <SEP> what motivation ?
it caused the most property damage of any earthquake in u.s. history , estimated at over $ 20 billion . <SEP> how much ?
for example , integers can be represented in binary notation , and graphs can be encoded directly via their adjacency matrices , or by encoding their adjacency lists in binary . <SEP> what ?
it also means states can be responsible for private actors . <SEP> for what ?
westinghouse convinced tesla to release his company from the licensing agreement over tesla 's ac patents in exchange for westinghouse electric purchasing the patents for a lump sum payment of $ 216,000 ; this provided westinghouse a break from what , due to alternating current 's rapid gain in popularity , had turned out to be an overly generous $ 2.50 per ac horsepower royalty . <SEP> how much ?
the strong force only acts directly upon elementary particles . <SEP> what ?
salaries for nursery , primary and secondary school teachers ranged from £20,133 to £41,004 in september 2007 , although some salaries can go much higher depending on experience and extra responsibilities . <SEP> when ?
the abc also provided partial funding for the 20th anniversary special the five doctors in 1983. repeats of both the classic and modern series have also been shown on subscription television channels bbc uktv , sf and later on syfy upon sf 's closure . <SEP> which station ?
he made many reforms , including the liquidation of the department of state affairs ( chinese : 尚書省 ) , which resulted in the execution of five of the highest-ranking officials . <SEP> what government department ?
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion ( due to fermionic nature of electrons ) follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects . <SEP> what ?
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class . <SEP> what impact ?
though chopin was born in the village of żelazowa wola , about 60 km ( 37 mi ) from warsaw , he moved to the city with his family when he was seven months old . <SEP> how old ?
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards . <SEP> who ?
dna becomes susceptible to deamination events when it is single stranded . <SEP> what ?
the brotherhood has suffered periodic repression in egypt and has been banned several times , in 1948 and several years later following confrontations with egyptian president gamal abdul nasser , who jailed thousands of members for several years . <SEP> when ?
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium . <SEP> where ?
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship . <SEP> what year ?
the success of this exhibition led to the planning of the festival of britain ( 1951 ) . <SEP> who ?
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line . <SEP> what yard line ?
following the election of the uk labour party to government in 1997 , the uk formally subscribed to the agreement on social policy , which allowed it to be included with minor amendments as the social chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam . <SEP> when ?
similar to sister network espn 's watchespn service ( which originated the " watch " brand used by the streaming services of disney 's television networks ) , live streams of abc stations are only available to authenticated subscribers of participating pay television providers in certain markets . <SEP> what ?
[ citation needed ] the women 's team has competed at the olympics and world championships but without any notable success . cricket is another popular and the most successful team sport . <SEP> what ?
some authors combined ctenophores and cnidarians in one phylum , coelenterata , as both groups rely on water flow through the body cavity for both digestion and respiration . <SEP> what ?
in this way , they might be considered coercive . <SEP> when ?
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) . <SEP> how long ?
writers whose papers are in the library are as diverse as charles dickens and beatrix potter . <SEP> which ?
go-ahead operates from eldon square bus station , providing the majority of services south of the river in gateshead , south tyneside , sunderland , and county durham . <SEP> what bus company in newcastle ?
in the river , electric eels can produce an electric shock that can stun or kill , while piranha are known to bite and injure humans . <SEP> what fish living in the amazon river ?
trioxygen ( o 3 ) is usually known as ozone and is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue . <SEP> of what ?
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression . <SEP> what ?
temüjin was to live there in service to dai setsen , the head of the new household , until he reached the marriageable age of 12 . <SEP> who ?
the oude maas branches off , near dordrecht , farther down rejoining the nieuwe maas to form het scheur . <SEP> what ?
breathing pure o 2 in space applications , such as in some modern space suits , or in early spacecraft such as apollo , causes no damage due to the low total pressures used . <SEP> how much damage ?
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars . <SEP> who ?
it was not until robert koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a nobel prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease . <SEP> who ?
it is named after william john macquorn rankine , a scottish polymath . <SEP> what ?
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line . <SEP> where ?
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion . <SEP> what gorge ?
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose . <SEP> what ?
the textbook examples are cydippids with egg-shaped bodies and a pair of retractable tentacles fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) that are covered with colloblasts , sticky cells that capture prey . <SEP> what ?
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage . <SEP> who ?
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape . <SEP> what ?
speakers are drawn from across scotland and are chosen to represent the balance of religious beliefs according to the scottish census . <SEP> what ?
in 1934 , mutual filed a complaint with the federal communications commission ( fcc ) regarding its difficulties in establishing new stations , in a radio market that was already being saturated by nbc and cbs . <SEP> what company ?
the museum also holds james lafayette 's society portraits , a collection of more than 600 photographs dating from the late 19th to early 20th centuries and portraying a wide range of society figures of the period , including bishops , generals , society ladies , indian maharajas , ethiopian rulers and other foreign leaders , actresses , people posing in their motor cars and a sequence of photographs recording the guests at the famous fancy-dress ball held at devonshire house in 1897 to celebrate queen victoria 's diamond jubilee . <SEP> whose society portraits from the late 19th to early 20th centuries ?
light bulbs within 100 feet of the lab glowed even when turned off . <SEP> what ?
other important complexity classes include bpp , zpp and rp , which are defined using probabilistic turing machines ; ac and nc , which are defined using boolean circuits ; and bqp and qma , which are defined using quantum turing machines . <SEP> what ?
abc news programming includes good morning america from 7:00 to 9:00 a.m. weekdays ( along with one-hour weekend editions ) ; nightly editions of abc world news tonight ( whose weekend editions are occasionally subject to abbreviation or preemption due to sports telecasts overrunning into the program 's timeslot ) , the sunday political talk show this week , early morning news programs world news now and america this morning and the late night newsmagazine nightline . <SEP> what times ?
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped . <SEP> in what year ?
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni . <SEP> what ?
parachutes were carried to slow its descent to splashdown . <SEP> what ?
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . ) <SEP> in what year ?
this was followed by five launches of boilerplate csms ( designated as-101 through as-105 ) into orbit in 1964 and 1965. the last three of these further supported the apollo program by also carrying pegasus satellites , which verified the safety of the translunar environment by measuring the frequency and severity of micrometeorite impacts . <SEP> what ?
doctor who follows the adventures of the primary character , a rogue time lord from the planet gallifrey , who simply goes by the name " the doctor " . <SEP> what planet ?
a norman named oursel led a force of " franks " into the upper euphrates valley in northern syria . <SEP> who ?
lessing ( 1755 ) had earlier reached the same conclusion in his analysis of lutheran orthodoxy on this issue . <SEP> when ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> what three stadiums ?
in 2005 , there were about 8 million members in over 34,000 congregations . <SEP> approximately how many ?
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown . <SEP> how many times ?
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " . <SEP> how many soldiers ?
to view the encrypted content a videoguard uk equipped receiver ( all of which are dedicated to the sky service , and can not be used to decrypt other services ) needs to be used . <SEP> what service ?
in 2012 the economist intelligence unit ranked warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city in the world . <SEP> when ?
the panthers seemed primed to score on their opening drive of the second half when newton completed a 45-yard pass to ted ginn jr. on the denver 35-yard line on their second offensive play . <SEP> who ?
despite denver 's excellent field position , they could not get the ball into the end zone , so mcmanus kicked a 33-yard field goal that increased their lead to 13–7 . <SEP> how many yards ?
the public art pieces will be restored and placed near their current locations and will feature wide sidewalks ( up to 28 ' on the east side of the street ) to continue with the pedestrian friendly environment of the district . <SEP> what feature ?
and resurrection , all of which were renewed ; however , that season saw the cancellations of holdovers the neighbors ( which languished in its new friday time slot despite being bookended by last man standing and shark tank ) and suburgatory . <SEP> what program that aired between last man standing and shark tank ?
chrysler ended production of their full-sized luxury sedans at the end of the 1981 model year , moving instead to a full front-wheel drive lineup for 1982 ( except for the m-body dodge diplomat/plymouth gran fury and chrysler new yorker fifth avenue sedans ) . <SEP> by which year ?
kenya is usually classified as a frontier market or occasionally an emerging market , but it is not one of the least developed countries . <SEP> what kind of market ?
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide . <SEP> what ?
somewhere around a billion years ago , a free-living cyanobacterium entered an early eukaryotic cell , either as food or as an internal parasite , but managed to escape the phagocytic vacuole it was contained in . <SEP> how long ago ?
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates . <SEP> what british prime minister advisor ?
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . " <SEP> who ?
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) . <SEP> how ?
upon the extinction of the local ducal line , the duchy was reincorporated into the polish crown in 1526 . <SEP> when ?
he restored the imperial secretariat and left the local administrative structure of past chinese dynasties unchanged . <SEP> what administrative division ?
neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor , capital and land . <SEP> what ?
not happy with their betrayal and resistance , genghis khan ordered the entire imperial family to be executed , effectively ending the tangut lineage . <SEP> what ?
faults are younger than the rocks they cut ; accordingly , if a fault is found that penetrates some formations but not those on top of it , then the formations that were cut are older than the fault , and the ones that are not cut must be younger than the fault . <SEP> that ?
it is conjectured there are infinitely many primes of the form n2 + 1. these conjectures are special cases of the broad schinzel 's hypothesis h. brocard 's conjecture says that there are always at least four primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2. legendre 's conjecture states that there is a prime number between n2 and ( n + 1 ) 2 for every positive integer n. it is implied by the stronger cramér 's conjecture . <SEP> what conjecture ?
[ citation needed ] his lab was torn down in 1904 , and its contents were sold two years later to satisfy a debt . <SEP> when ?
in october , there is the design event festival—an annual festival providing the public with an opportunity to see work by regional , national and international designers . <SEP> what festival ?
this means that the commission has a monopoly on initiating the legislative procedure , although the council is the " de facto catalyst of many legislative initiatives " . <SEP> who ?
in 1628 the huguenots established a congregation as l'église française à la nouvelle-amsterdam ( the french church in new amsterdam ) . <SEP> what ?
warsaw 's mixture of architectural styles reflects the turbulent history of the city and country . <SEP> what ?
there also have been reports of such pharmacies dispensing substandard products . <SEP> what ?
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy . <SEP> what theory ?
at the start of the war , the french north american colonies had a population of roughly 60,000 european settlers , compared with 2 million in the british north american colonies . <SEP> how many people ?
while the commission has a monopoly on initiating legislation , the european parliament and the council of the european union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process . <SEP> which two ?
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) . <SEP> what ?
building construction is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings . <SEP> what ?
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals . <SEP> what ?
the measurement is technically difficult owing to the low signal-to-noise ratio and the physical structure of vegetation ; but it has been proposed as a possible method of monitoring the carbon cycle from satellites on a global scale . <SEP> what ?
the first of these was the " dalekmania " period ( circa 1964–1965 ) , when the popularity of the daleks regularly brought doctor who ratings of between 9 and 14 million , even for stories which did not feature them . <SEP> when ?
the main difference is that heat addition ( in the boiler ) and rejection ( in the condenser ) are isobaric ( constant pressure ) processes in the rankine cycle and isothermal ( constant temperature ) processes in the theoretical carnot cycle . <SEP> where ?
wiesner blurted out " no , that 's no good " in front of the press , during a presentation by von braun . <SEP> what ?
cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the contractor identified change orders or project changes that increased costs , which are not subject to competition from other firms as they have already been eliminated from consideration after the initial bid . <SEP> when ?
euglenophytes are a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga . <SEP> what kind of chloroplasts ?
doctor who also spawned spin-offs in multiple media , including torchwood ( 2006–2011 ) and the sarah jane adventures ( 2007–2011 ) , both created by russell t davies ; k-9 ( 2009–2010 ) ; and a single pilot episode of k-9 and company ( 1981 ) . <SEP> what doctor ?
following evaluation of bids , the owner typically awards a contract to the most cost efficient bidder . <SEP> to who ?
at a khuruldai , a council of mongol chiefs , temüjin was acknowledged as " khan " of the consolidated tribes and took the new title " genghis khan " . <SEP> what ?
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy . <SEP> what doctor ?
the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam can be derived from various sources , most commonly from burning combustible materials with an appropriate supply of air in a closed space ( called variously combustion chamber , firebox ) . <SEP> what ?
only a few common complex biomolecules , such as squalene and the carotenes , contain no oxygen . <SEP> how many ?
luther refused to recant his writings . <SEP> what ?
the soulages collection of italian and french renaissance objects was acquired between 1859 and 1865 , and includes several cassone . <SEP> from which period ?
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea . <SEP> what ?
luther 's final journey , to mansfeld , was taken because of his concern for his siblings ' families continuing in their father hans luther 's copper mining trade . <SEP> for whom ?
hutchins eliminated varsity football from the university in an attempt to emphasize academics over athletics , instituted the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum known as the common core , and organized the university 's graduate work into its current [ when ? ] <SEP> what ?
he was buried in the castle church in wittenberg , beneath the pulpit . <SEP> where ?
since the 2005 revival , the doctor generally travels with a primary female companion , who occupies a larger narrative role . <SEP> what ?
friedrich ratzel believed that in order for a state to survive , imperialism was needed . <SEP> what ?
however , abc 's issues with its transition to color became secondary compared to the network 's financial problems ; in 1964 , the network found itself , as goldenson later wrote in the 1991 book " beating the odds : the untold story behind the rise of abc " , " in the middle of a war [ where ] the battlefield was wall street " . <SEP> what ?
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) . <SEP> when ?
some civil disobedients , such as the proprietors of illegal medical cannabis dispensaries and voice in the wilderness , which brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the u.s. government , directly achieve a desired social goal ( such as the provision of medication to the sick ) while openly breaking the law . <SEP> what type of goals ?
likewise , newton 's second law of motion can be used to derive an analogous equation for the instantaneous angular acceleration of the rigid body : <SEP> what ?
gegeen was assassinated in a coup involving five princes from a rival faction , perhaps steppe elite opposed to confucian reforms . <SEP> how many ?
in 2007 , peter davison returned in the children in need short " time crash " alongside david tennant , and most recently in 2013 's 50th anniversary special episode , " the day of the doctor " , david tennant 's tenth doctor appeared alongside matt smith as the eleventh doctor and john hurt as the war doctor , as well as brief footage from all of the previous actors . <SEP> what ?
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes . <SEP> what ?
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications . <SEP> in what year ?
in the laboratory , biostratigraphers analyze rock samples from outcrop and drill cores for the fossils found in them . <SEP> who ?
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams . <SEP> who ?
on one , they walked to the surveyor , photographed it , and removed some parts which they returned to earth . <SEP> what ?
the river tyne had the temporary bambuco bridge in 2008 for ten days ; it was not made for walking , road or cycling , but was just a sculpture . <SEP> how many days ?
there were 149,025 housing units at an average density of 1,427.9 square miles ( 3,698 km2 ) . <SEP> how many housing units ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> how many ?
governments may require certification by a recognized body before they can teach in a school . <SEP> what ?
after each team punted , panthers quarterback cam newton appeared to complete a 24-yard pass jerricho cotchery , but the call was ruled an incompletion and upheld after a replay challenge . <SEP> who ?
pharmacy technicians are now more dependent upon automation to assist them in their new role dealing with patients ' prescriptions and patient safety issues . <SEP> what ?
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " . <SEP> who ?
the private 'un-aided ' schools are fully funded by private parties . <SEP> how ?
to secure further loans , westinghouse was forced to revisit tesla 's ac patent , which bankers considered a financial strain on the company ( at that point westinghouse had paid out an estimated $ 200,000 in licenses and royalties to tesla , brown , and peck ) . <SEP> how much ?
shortly after the conquest , cyprus was sold to the knights templar and it was subsequently acquired , in 1192 , by guy de lusignan and became a stable feudal kingdom . <SEP> what group ?
in southern europe , the stage was set in the triassic period of the mesozoic era , with the opening of the tethys ocean , between the eurasian and african tectonic plates , between about 240 mbp and 220 mbp ( million years before present ) . <SEP> what period ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> when ?
as they build phase 1 , they design phase 2. this is in contrast to a design-bid-build contract , where the project is completely designed by the owner , then bid on , then completed . <SEP> what ?
lt col paul von lettow-vorbeck took command of the german military forces , determined to tie down as many british resources as possible . <SEP> who ?
the greatest distinction of an empire is through the amount of land that a nation has conquered and expanded . <SEP> what ?
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> in what year ?
the world price , which had peaked during the 1979 energy crisis at nearly $ 40 per barrel , decreased during the 1980s to less than $ 10 per barrel . <SEP> what ?
nathan alterman , the israeli poet , was born in warsaw , as was moshe vilenski , the israeli composer , lyricist , and pianist , who studied music at the warsaw conservatory . <SEP> what profession ?
it further contends that only a minority of the genetic material is kept in circular chromosomes while the rest is in branched , linear , or other complex structures . <SEP> where ?
early in 1537 , johannes agricola ( 1494–1566 ) – serving at the time as pastor in luther 's birthplace , eisleben – preached a sermon in which he claimed that god 's gospel , not god 's moral law ( the ten commandments ) , revealed god 's wrath to christians . <SEP> who ?
it was opened in five phases between 1980 and 1984 , and was britain 's first urban light rail transit system ; two extensions were opened in 1991 and 2002. it was developed from a combination of existing and newly built tracks and stations , with deep-level tunnels constructed through newcastle city centre . <SEP> how many phases ?
the show has received recognition as one of britain 's finest television programmes , winning the 2006 british academy television award for best drama series and five consecutive ( 2005–2010 ) awards at the national television awards during russell t davies ' tenure as executive producer . <SEP> what years ?
in the years of 1994–1999 the mayor of the district centrum automatically was designated as the president of warsaw : the mayor of centrum was elected by the district council of centrum and the council was elected only by the centrum residents . <SEP> what district of warsaw ?
many apicomplexans keep a vestigial red algal derived chloroplast called an apicoplast , which they inherited from their ancestors . <SEP> what ?
one of the most high profile decisions in recent years by one of the councils was a decision by the mission council of the south central jurisdiction which in march 2007 approved a 99-year lease of 36 acres ( 150,000 m2 ) at southern methodist university for the george w. bush presidential library . <SEP> on how many acres ?
one square millimeter of leaf tissue can contain half a million chloroplasts . <SEP> how many chloroplasts ?
in february 2010 , in response to controversies regarding claims in the fourth assessment report , five climate scientists – all contributing or lead ipcc report authors – wrote in the journal nature calling for changes to the ipcc . <SEP> where ?
as it developed , the new empire took on roles of trade with france , supplying raw materials and purchasing manufactured items , as well as lending prestige to the motherland and spreading french civilization and language as well as catholicism . <SEP> what religion ?
on april 20 , kennedy sent a memo to vice president lyndon b. johnson , asking johnson to look into the status of america 's space program , and into programs that could offer nasa the opportunity to catch up . <SEP> what month and day ?
they set back any british hopes for campaigns on lake ontario , and endangered the oswego garrison , already short on supplies . <SEP> what plans of the british ?
the president is both the head of state and head of government , and of a multi-party system . <SEP> what titles ?
after he died , his body was returned to mongolia and presumably to his birthplace in khentii aimag , where many assume he is buried somewhere close to the onon river and the burkhan khaldun mountain ( part of the kentii mountain range ) . <SEP> where ?
the city is also home to the newcastle eagles basketball team who play their home games at the new sport central complex at northumbria university . <SEP> what ?
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 . <SEP> how many hymns ?
the mongol appointed governor of samarqand was a qara-khitay ( khitan ) , held the title taishi , familiar with chinese culture his name was ahai <SEP> who ?
harvard 's 2,400 professors , lecturers , and instructors instruct 7,200 undergraduates and 14,000 graduate students . <SEP> what ?
more than this , since only individuals act , only individuals can act unjustly . <SEP> who ?
in the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ( lds church ) , the teacher is an office in the aaronic priesthood , generally conferred on young boys or recent converts , and has little in common with the " spiritual teacher " archetype . <SEP> what type of mentorship ?
he left law school , sold his books , and entered a closed augustinian cloister in erfurt on 17 july 1505. one friend blamed the decision on luther 's sadness over the deaths of two friends . <SEP> where ?
southern california is also home to the port of los angeles , the united states ' busiest commercial port ; the adjacent port of long beach , the united states ' second busiest container port ; and the port of san diego . <SEP> what ?
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman . <SEP> what ?
antigen specificity allows for the generation of responses that are tailored to specific pathogens or pathogen-infected cells . <SEP> that ?
in the story , the doctor ( rowan atkinson ) encounters both the master ( jonathan pryce ) and the daleks . <SEP> who ?
large-scale regeneration has replaced former shipping premises with imposing new office developments ; an innovative tilting bridge , the gateshead millennium bridge was commissioned by gateshead council and has integrated the older newcastle quayside more closely with major cultural developments in gateshead , including the baltic centre for contemporary art , the venue for the turner prize 2011 and the norman foster-designed the sage gateshead music centre . <SEP> what ?
that the plague was caused by bad air became the most widely accepted theory . <SEP> what ?
in particular , it has consistently topped the academic ranking of world universities ( arwu ) since 2003 , and the the world reputation rankings since 2011 , when the first time such league tables were published . <SEP> in what year ?
radical islamist organizations like al-qaeda and the egyptian islamic jihad , and groups such as the taliban , entirely reject democracy , often declaring as kuffar those muslims who support it ( see takfirism ) , as well as calling for violent/offensive jihad or urging and conducting attacks on a religious basis . <SEP> on what basis ?
oxfam 's claims have however been questioned on the basis of the methodology used : by using net wealth ( adding up assets and subtracting debts ) , the oxfam report , for instance , finds that there are more poor people in the united states and western europe than in china ( due to a greater tendency to take on debts ) . <SEP> why ?
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation . <SEP> what church ?
the allies left the rhineland , in 1930 and the german army re-occupied it in 1936 , which was enormously popular in germany . <SEP> when ?
by january 18 , 1974 , us secretary of state henry kissinger had negotiated an israeli troop withdrawal from parts of the sinai peninsula . <SEP> on what date ?
in between the french and the british , large areas were dominated by native tribes . <SEP> what ?
between bearing six children , hans – june 1526 ; elizabeth – 10 december 1527 , who died within a few months ; magdalene – 1529 , who died in luther 's arms in 1542 ; martin – 1531 ; paul – january 1533 ; and margaret – 1534 ; katharina helped the couple earn a living by farming the land and taking in boarders . <SEP> how ?
the aare also contains the waters from the 4,274 m ( 14,022 ft ) summit of finsteraarhorn , the highest point of the rhine basin . <SEP> where ?
in 1709–13 , a plague epidemic that followed the great northern war ( 1700–21 , sweden v. russia and allies ) killed about 100,000 in sweden , and 300,000 in prussia . <SEP> who ?
the first recorded settlement in what is now newcastle was pons aelius , a roman fort and bridge across the river tyne . <SEP> what ?
the justification for this is that a lack of education leads directly to lower incomes , and thus lower aggregate savings and investment . <SEP> what ?
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system . <SEP> in what year ?
key selling points were the improvement in picture and sound quality , increased number of channels and an interactive service branded open ... . now called sky active , bskyb competed with the ondigital ( later itv digital ) terrestrial offering and cable services . <SEP> who ?
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s . <SEP> who ?
the actual number of legions present at any base or in all , depended on whether a state or threat of war existed . <SEP> what ?
many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching , especially for hard-to-fill positions . <SEP> what ?
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city . <SEP> what entity ?
queen elizabeth ii opened the new building on 9 october 2004 . <SEP> who ?
this led to the transfer to the museum of the school of design that had been founded in 1837 at somerset house ; after the transfer it was referred to as the art school or art training school , later to become the royal college of art which finally achieved full independence in 1949. from the 1860s to the 1880s the scientific collections had been moved from the main museum site to various improvised galleries to the west of exhibition road . <SEP> in which year ?
detailed investigation of chum salmon , oncorhynchus keta , showed that these fish digest ctenophores 20 times as fast as an equal weight of shrimps , and that ctenophores can provide a good diet if there are enough of them around . <SEP> what ?
in 1862 , the tesla family moved to gospić , austrian empire , where tesla 's father worked as a pastor . <SEP> in what year ?
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass . <SEP> what lionsgate trailer ?
on 15 june 1899 , tesla performed his first experiments at his colorado springs lab ; he recorded his initial spark length at five inches long , but very thick and noisy . <SEP> what ?
nuclear-powered ships and submarines either use a steam turbine directly for main propulsion , with generators providing auxiliary power , or else employ turbo-electric transmission , where the steam drives a turbo generator set with propulsion provided by electric motors . <SEP> what ?
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere . <SEP> what ?
the galician–volhynian chronicle alleges he was killed by the western xia in battle , while marco polo wrote that he died after the infection of an arrow wound he received during his final campaign . <SEP> what weapon ?
the soviet union and the people ’ s republic of china supported post–world war ii communist movements in foreign nations and colonies to advance their own interests , but were not always successful . <SEP> who ?
of course , some complexity classes have complicated definitions that do not fit into this framework . <SEP> what ?
in 2000 , doctor who was ranked third in a list of the 100 greatest british television programmes of the 20th century , produced by the british film institute and voted on by industry professionals . <SEP> what spot ?
government regulations have given private education more flexibility and autonomy in recent years , notably by lifting the moratorium on applications for new courses , new schools and conversions , by liberalizing tuition fee policy for private schools , by replacing values education for third and fourth years with english , mathematics and natural science at the option of the school , and by issuing the revised manual of regulations for private schools in august 1992 . <SEP> along with english and mathematics , what subject ?
from 1421 to 1904 , the meuse and waal merged further upstream at gorinchem to form merwede . <SEP> when ?
the leading schools such as the groton school had substantial endowments running to hundreds of millions of dollars supplemented by fundraising drives . <SEP> how ?
the later accidental introduction of beroe helped to mitigate the problem , as beroe preys on other ctenophores . <SEP> what ?
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 . <SEP> what ?
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell . <SEP> which team ?
there were 158,349 households , of which 68,511 ( 43.3 % ) had children under the age of 18 living in them , 69,284 ( 43.8 % ) were opposite-sex married couples living together , 30,547 ( 19.3 % ) had a female householder with no husband present , 11,698 ( 7.4 % ) had a male householder with no wife present . <SEP> what ?
in hinduism the spiritual teacher is known as a guru , and , in many traditions of hinduism - especially those common in the west - the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high , with gurus often exercising a great deal of control over the lives of their disciples . <SEP> in what area ?
summing these component forces using vector addition yields the original force . <SEP> what ?
surveys of plague pit remains in france and england indicate the first variant entered europe through the port of marseille around november 1347 and spread through france over the next two years , eventually reaching england in the spring of 1349 , where it spread through the country in three epidemics . <SEP> how and when ?
it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968. consolidation gave jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits ; with an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014 , it is the most populous city proper in florida and the southeast , and the 12th most populous in the united states . <SEP> what year ?
olivier roy argues that " sunni pan-islamism underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century " when the muslim brotherhood movement and its focus on islamisation of pan-arabism was eclipsed by the salafi movement with its emphasis on " sharia rather than the building of islamic institutions , " and rejection of shia islam . <SEP> what ?
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status . <SEP> when ?
it is often found in the chloroplasts of c4 plants , though it has also been found in some c3 angiosperms , and even some gymnosperms . <SEP> where ?
tesla would then resume his work , often until 3:00 a.m. " :283 , 286 <SEP> how late ?
at the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 , the governors of british east africa ( as the protectorate was generally known ) and german east africa agreed a truce in an attempt to keep the young colonies out of direct hostilities . <SEP> when ?
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality . <SEP> what ?
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine . <SEP> what other business district ?
in its harshest form it preached that muslims should not only " always oppose " infidels " in every way , " but " hate them for their religion ... for allah 's sake , " that democracy " is responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century , " that shia and other non-wahhabi muslims were infidels , etc . <SEP> who ?
stagecoach is the primary operator in the city proper , with cross-city services mainly between both the west and east ends via the city centre with some services extending out to the metrocentre , killingworth , wallsend and ponteland . <SEP> who ?
a spark in the teacher may create a spark of excitement in the student as well . <SEP> where ?
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum . <SEP> what museum in newcastle ?
the apollo spacecraft could be tested in two vacuum chambers capable of simulating atmospheric pressure at altitudes up to 250,000 feet ( 76 km ) , which is nearly a vacuum . <SEP> what spacecraft ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> when ?
outlaws ravaged the country without interference from the weakening yuan armies . <SEP> what ?
the most recent additions are a center in new delhi , india , which opened in 2014 , and a center in hong kong which opened in 2015 . <SEP> what year ?
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game . <SEP> who ?
there is a strong presence of border reiver surnames , such as armstrong , charlton , elliot , johnstone , kerr , hall , nixon , little and robson . <SEP> what type of surnames ?
it is much more reactive towards common organic molecules than is molecular oxygen per se . <SEP> to what ?
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015. the previous chairs were rajendra k. pachauri , elected in may 2002 ; robert watson in 1997 ; and bert bolin in 1988. the chair is assisted by an elected bureau including vice-chairs , working group co-chairs , and a secretariat . <SEP> when ?
on 7 january 1900 , tesla left colorado springs . <SEP> when ?
it had significantly eased trade and commerce across asia until its decline ; the communications between yuan dynasty and its ally and subordinate in persia , the ilkhanate , encouraged this development . <SEP> what ?
however , there is no evidence of this , or of the lifting of discriminatory policies towards sedentary peoples such as the chinese . <SEP> who ?
he went on to produce several critical pamphlets on islam , which he called " mohammedanism " or " the turk " . <SEP> what ?
the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz is listed as a unesco world heritage site . <SEP> what ?
abc maintains several video on demand services for delayed viewing of the network 's programming , including a traditional vod service called abc on demand , which is carried on most traditional cable and iptv providers . <SEP> what ?
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz . <SEP> what alumni ?
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population . <SEP> what ?
his successor louis xiii , under the regency of his italian catholic mother marie de ' medici , became more intolerant of protestantism . <SEP> which successor to henry ?
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms . <SEP> what ?
there have been over fifty studies showing tendencies for violence to be more common in societies where income differences are larger . <SEP> how many ?
if the water level drops , such that the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly , the lead melts and the steam escapes , warning the operators , who may then manually suppress the fire . <SEP> what ?
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes . <SEP> what ?
chicago 's physics department helped develop the world 's first man-made , self-sustaining nuclear reaction beneath the university 's stagg field . <SEP> where ?
many faults are able to produce a magnitude 6.7+ earthquake , such as the san andreas fault , which can produce a magnitude 8.0 event . <SEP> what magnitude of earthquake ?
positive reinforcement is balanced with immediate and fair punishment for misbehavior and firm , clear boundaries define what is appropriate and inappropriate behavior . <SEP> what ?
the world population as a whole did not recover to pre-plague levels until the 17th century . <SEP> when ?
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession . <SEP> what ?
if the water level drops , such that the temperature of the firebox crown increases significantly , the lead melts and the steam escapes , warning the operators , who may then manually suppress the fire . <SEP> what ?
during the period in which the negotiations were being conducted , tesla said that efforts had been made to steal the invention . <SEP> what ?
they were licensed by st. george 's church in 1784. three years later , protesting racial segregation in the worship services , allen led most of the black members out of st. george 's ; eventually they founded the mother bethel a.m.e. church and the african methodist episcopal denomination . <SEP> in what year ?
temperature extremes recorded at newcastle weather centre include 32.5 °c ( 90.5 °f ) during august 1990 down to −12.6 °c ( 9.3 °f ) during january 1982. in contrast to other areas influenced by the gulf stream , such as inland scandinavia , newcastle has milder winters and cooler summers , similar to the remainder of the british isles . <SEP> when ?
this term describes cells with low levels of a cell-surface marker called mhc i ( major histocompatibility complex ) – a situation that can arise in viral infections of host cells . <SEP> that ?
seawater molecules that contain the lighter isotope , oxygen-16 , evaporate at a slightly faster rate than water molecules containing the 12 % heavier oxygen-18 ; this disparity increases at lower temperatures . <SEP> how much heavier ?
in the early 1970s , trevor martin played the role in doctor who and the daleks in the seven keys to doomsday . <SEP> what ?
these are classified by technique , countries of origin and date of production . <SEP> how ?
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality . <SEP> what college ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> prior to this consideration , when ?
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of 874.3 square miles ( 2,264 km2 ) , making jacksonville the largest city in land area in the contiguous united states ; of this , 86.66 % ( 757.7 sq mi or 1,962 km2 ) is land and ; 13.34 % ( 116.7 sq mi or 302 km2 ) is water . <SEP> what ?
according to the cellular theory of immunity , represented in particular by elie metchnikoff , it was cells – more precisely , phagocytes – that were responsible for immune responses . <SEP> who ?
exceptional examples of the bourgeois architecture of the later periods were not restored by the communist authorities after the war ( like mentioned kronenberg palace and insurance company rosja building ) or they were rebuilt in socialist realism style ( like warsaw philharmony edifice originally inspired by palais garnier in paris ) . <SEP> why ?
this was followed by embankment , of the major distributaries and damming of minor distributaries , which took place in the 11–13th century ad . <SEP> when ?
this improved response is then retained after the pathogen has been eliminated , in the form of an immunological memory , and allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered . <SEP> what ?
it won five bafta tv awards , including best drama series , the highest-profile and most prestigious british television award for which the series has ever been nominated . <SEP> what ?
however , recent anthropological findings have suggested that the region was actually densely populated . <SEP> which findings ?
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden . <SEP> when ?
folklore says that a river was diverted over his grave to make it impossible to find ( the same manner of burial as the sumerian king gilgamesh of uruk and atilla the hun ) . <SEP> what kind of water body ?
the pilgrim street building was refurbished between november 2006 and may 2008 ; during the refurbishment works , the cinema relocated to the old town hall , gateshead . <SEP> what ?
will wilkinson of the libertarian cato institute states that " the weight of the evidence shows that the run-up in consumption inequality has been considerably less dramatic than the rise in income inequality , " and consumption is more important than income . <SEP> what political ?
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church . <SEP> what ?
at the same time , the available evidence provides little support for the view that u.s.-style labor-market flexibility dramatically improves labor-market outcomes . <SEP> how much support ?
his national islamic front first gained influence when strongman general gaafar al-nimeiry invited members to serve in his government in 1979. turabi built a powerful economic base with money from foreign islamist banking systems , especially those linked with saudi arabia . <SEP> what organization ?
the airport handles over five million passengers per year , and is the tenth largest , and the fastest growing regional airport in the uk , expecting to reach 10 million passengers by 2016 , and 15 million by 2030. as of 2007 [ update ] , over 90 destinations are available worldwide . <SEP> how many passengers per year ?
effects of inequality researchers have found include higher rates of health and social problems , and lower rates of social goods , a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted on high-end consumption , and even a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption . <SEP> why ?
after banishing the zwickau prophets , he now faced a battle against not only the established church but also the radical reformers who threatened the new order by fomenting social unrest and violence . <SEP> what ?
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school . <SEP> when ?
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes . <SEP> when ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas . <SEP> what ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> how old ?
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524–25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name . <SEP> when ?
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards . <SEP> what ?
according to this theory , those who already hold wealth have the means to invest in new sources of creating wealth or to otherwise leverage the accumulation of wealth , thus are the beneficiaries of the new wealth . <SEP> who ?
tanaghrisson , a chief of the mingo , who were remnants of iroquois and other tribes who had been driven west by colonial expansion . <SEP> what native chief ?
on june 21 , the french war party attacked the trading centre at pickawillany , capturing three traders and killing 14 people of the miami nation , including old briton . <SEP> what ?
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin . <SEP> who ?
generally speaking , while all member states recognise that eu law takes primacy over national law where this agreed in the treaties , they do not accept that the court of justice has the final say on foundational constitutional questions affecting democracy and human rights . <SEP> what ?
in 2006 , a toxic waste spill off the coast of côte d'ivoire , from a european ship , prompted the commission to look into legislation against toxic waste . <SEP> in which year ?
however , the earliest surviving records of the explicit study of prime numbers come from the ancient greeks . <SEP> what civilization ?
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes . <SEP> how many costumes ?
dr. harrison schmitt , a geologist , was the first nasa scientist astronaut to fly in space , and landed on the moon on the last mission , apollo 17. schmitt participated in the lunar geology training of all of the apollo landing crews . <SEP> which mission ?
he insisted that , since forgiveness was god 's alone to grant , those who claimed that indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation were in error . <SEP> who ?
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction . <SEP> what ?
clearly , some tumors evade the immune system and go on to become cancers . <SEP> that ?
most of these districts are located in northern san diego and some within north county regions . <SEP> where ?
scott also designed the two cast courts 1870–73 to the southeast of the garden ( the site of the " brompton boilers " ) , these vast spaces have ceilings 70 feet ( 21 m ) in height to accommodate the plaster casts of parts of famous buildings , including trajan 's column ( in two separate pieces ) . <SEP> where on the side ?
throughout the 1980s and 1990s , demand for a scottish parliament grew , in part because the government of the united kingdom was controlled by the conservative party , while scotland itself elected relatively few conservative mps . <SEP> whose control of the uk 's government ?
in particular , although dtime ( n ) is contained in dtime ( n2 ) , it would be interesting to know if the inclusion is strict . <SEP> in what expression ?
tesla advised adams that a two-phased system would be the most reliable and that there was a westinghouse system to light incandescent bulbs using two-phase alternating current . <SEP> what system ?
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin . <SEP> what ?
the merged company , renamed american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc. and headquartered in the paramount building at 1501 broadway in manhattan , owned six am and several fm radio stations , five television stations and 644 cinemas in 300 u.s. cities . <SEP> when ?
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup . <SEP> who ?
the movement which would become the united methodist church began in the mid-18th century within the church of england . <SEP> where ?
established on classical streets built by richard grainger , a builder and developer , between 1835 and 1842 , some of newcastle upon tyne 's finest buildings and streets lie within this area of the city centre including grainger market , theatre royal , grey street , grainger street and clayton street . <SEP> when ?
since the election riots , the government and civil society organisations started programmes to avoid similar disasters in the future , said agnes r. m. aboum – executive director of taabco research and development consultants in nairobi – in the magazine d+c development and cooperation . <SEP> what ?
in early 2009 , disney–abc television group merged abc entertainment and abc studios into a new division , abc entertainment group , which would be responsible for both its production and broadcasting operations . <SEP> what ?
they often participate in patient care rounds drug product selection . <SEP> what ?
a steady stream of oxygen gas is then produced by the exothermic reaction . <SEP> what type of reaction ?
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally . <SEP> how ?
on 1 august 1521 , luther wrote to melanchthon on the same theme : " be a sinner , and let your sins be strong , but let your trust in christ be stronger , and rejoice in christ who is the victor over sin , death , and the world . <SEP> when ?
coastal species need to be tough enough to withstand waves and swirling sediment particles , while some oceanic species are so fragile that it is very difficult to capture them intact for study . <SEP> why ?
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) . <SEP> what ?
tea , coffee , sisal , pyrethrum , corn , and wheat are grown in the fertile highlands , one of the most successful agricultural production regions in africa . <SEP> where ?
this viewpoint is supported by the educational attainment of countries—in east asia for instance—that combine strict discipline with high standards of education . <SEP> what countries ?
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates . <SEP> what video game series ?
in the case of model or toy steam engines , the heat source can be an electric heating element . <SEP> what type of heating element ?
luther 's concern thus in separating them is honoring their different epistemological spheres . <SEP> what ?
however , as a result of the referendum in france and the referendum in the netherlands , the 2004 treaty establishing a constitution for europe never came into force . <SEP> which ?
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott . <SEP> where ?
innate immune systems are found in all plants and animals . <SEP> what type of immune systems ?
being in the rain shadow of the north pennines , it is among the driest cities in the uk . <SEP> what type of shadow ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> how many sites ?
for luther , reason could be used to question men and institutions , but not god . <SEP> what ?
reactive oxygen species , such as superoxide ion ( o− 2 ) and hydrogen peroxide ( h 2o 2 ) , are dangerous by-products of oxygen use in organisms . <SEP> what ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> how many ?
[ h ] passengers traveling in ( pressurized ) commercial airplanes have an emergency supply of o 2 automatically supplied to them in case of cabin depressurization . <SEP> what event ?
claiming that the law – in any form – should not be preached to christians anymore would be tantamount to asserting that christians are no longer sinners in themselves and that the church consists only of essentially holy people . <SEP> what ?
he had an older brother named dane and three sisters , milka , angelina and marica . <SEP> what ?
rather than simply dispensing medication , pharmacists are increasingly expected to be compensated for their patient care skills . <SEP> what responsibilities ?
supplementary sources of european union law include case law by the court of justice , international law and general principles of european union law . <SEP> what ?
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium . <SEP> where ?
the last active huguenot congregation in north america worships in charleston , south carolina , at a church that dates to 1844. the huguenot society of america maintains manakin episcopal church in virginia as an historic shrine with occasional services . <SEP> in what city ?
as an incentive for absolute obedience and following his rule of law , the yassa code , temüjin promised civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils . <SEP> what ?
according to the secret history , temüjin was named after a tatar chieftain , temüjin-üge , whom his father had just captured . <SEP> who ?
alongside the traditional media availabilities , the event featured an opening ceremony with player introductions on a replica of the golden gate bridge . <SEP> what bridge ?
however , the original greek roots from pharmakos imply sorcery or even poison . <SEP> what ?
in the more spiritual or mystical islamic tradition of sufism , the position of spiritual teacher and an esoteric ( as opposed to exoteric , or actions-oriented , e.g . <SEP> what ?
tesla was the fourth of five children . <SEP> how many siblings ?
in 1226 , immediately after returning from the west , genghis khan began a retaliatory attack on the tanguts . <SEP> in which year ?
engineers working for the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company reported to george westinghouse that tesla had a viable ac motor and related power system — something for which westinghouse had been trying to secure patents . <SEP> what ?
one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions shows that the amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of severely reduced rainfall and increased temperatures , leading to an almost complete loss of rainforest cover in the basin by 2100. however , simulations of amazon basin climate change across many different models are not consistent in their estimation of any rainfall response , ranging from weak increases to strong decreases . <SEP> what year ?
leonard goldenson said that abc 's first international activity was broadcasting the coronation of queen elizabeth ii in june 1953 ; cbs and nbc were unable to cover the coronation live due to respective issues with technical problems and flight delays . <SEP> what ?
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick . <SEP> how large across ?
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health . <SEP> how much money ?
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality . <SEP> what ?
doctor who originally ran for 26 seasons on bbc one , from 23 november 1963 until 6 december 1989. during the original run , each weekly episode formed part of a story ( or " serial " ) — usually of four to six parts in earlier years and three to four in later years . <SEP> how many seasons ?
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 . <SEP> what ?
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " . <SEP> who ?
west irvine includes the irvine tech center and jamboree business parks . <SEP> to which business center ?
to partially remedy the wealth gap and the resulting slow growth , s & p recommended increasing access to education . <SEP> what ?
the formal language associated with this decision problem is then the set of all connected graphs—of course , to obtain a precise definition of this language , one has to decide how graphs are encoded as binary strings . <SEP> what encoding decision ?
the drengot family thereafter attained the principality of capua , and emperor henry iii legally ennobled the hauteville leader , drogo , as " dux et magister italiae comesque normannorum totius apuliae et calabriae " ( " duke and master of italy and count of the normans of all apulia and calabria " ) in 1047 . <SEP> what ?
it estimated that if the average united states worker had completed just one more year of school , it would add an additional $ 105 billion in growth to the country 's economy over five years . <SEP> what amount of growth ?
likewise each deacon in full connection is a member of their annual conference order of deacons . <SEP> each deacon in full connection ?
tesla also explained the principles of the rotating magnetic field in an induction motor by demonstrating how to make a copper egg stand on end using a device he constructed known as the egg of columbus . <SEP> what ?
thus , the marginal utility of wealth per person ( " the additional dollar " ) decreases as a person becomes richer . <SEP> what ?
in order to rectify this situation , socialists argue that the means of production should be socially owned so that income differentials would be reflective of individual contributions to the social product . <SEP> how ?
johannes wallmann argues that luther 's writings against the jews were largely ignored in the 18th and 19th centuries , and that there was no continuity between luther 's thought and nazi ideology . <SEP> when ?
since teachers can affect how students perceive the course materials , it has been found that teachers who showed enthusiasm towards the course materials and students can affect a positive learning experience towards the course materials . <SEP> what ?
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house . <SEP> where ?
many questions regarding prime numbers remain open , such as goldbach 's conjecture ( that every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes ) , and the twin prime conjecture ( that there are infinitely many pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ) . <SEP> what ?
while the market will bid up compensation for rare and desired skills to reward wealth creation , greater productivity , etc. , it will also prevent successful entrepreneurs from earning excess profits by fostering competition to cut prices , profits and large compensation . <SEP> what type of skills ?
between emmerich and cleves the emmerich rhine bridge , the longest suspension bridge in germany , crosses the 400 m wide river . <SEP> what ?
the united methodist church opposes conscription as incompatible with the teaching of scripture . <SEP> what ?
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 142 pounds ( 64 kg ) , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926.:292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities . <SEP> in what time frame ?
secondary sources include regulations and directives which are based on the treaties . <SEP> what ?
the apollo program , also known as project apollo , was the third united states human spaceflight program carried out by the national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , which accomplished landing the first humans on the moon from 1969 to 1972. first conceived during dwight d. eisenhower 's administration as a three-man spacecraft to follow the one-man project mercury which put the first americans in space , apollo was later dedicated to president john f. kennedy 's national goal of " landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth " by the end of the 1960s , which he proposed in a may 25 , 1961 , address to congress . <SEP> what president ?
the aare also contains the waters from the 4,274 m ( 14,022 ft ) summit of finsteraarhorn , the highest point of the rhine basin . <SEP> what ?
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos . <SEP> what yard line ?
the textbook examples are cydippids with egg-shaped bodies and a pair of retractable tentacles fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) that are covered with colloblasts , sticky cells that capture prey . <SEP> what ?
former ipcc chairman robert watson has said " the mistakes all appear to have gone in the direction of making it seem like climate change is more serious by overstating the impact . <SEP> what direction ?
bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlviii halftime show , and mark ronson also performed . <SEP> what other former halftime show performer ?
the next three drives of the game would end in punts . <SEP> how many of the following three fourth quarter drives after the field goal makng the score 16-10 ?
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side . <SEP> when ?
genghis khan is credited with bringing the silk road under one cohesive political environment . <SEP> to which ?
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey . <SEP> who ?
the battle ended inconclusively , with both sides withdrawing from the field . <SEP> who ?
natural killer cells , or nk cells , are a component of the innate immune system which does not directly attack invading microbes . <SEP> what ?
in 1996 , bbc television held the " auntie awards " as the culmination of their " tv60 " series , celebrating 60 years of bbc television broadcasting , where doctor who was voted as the " best popular drama " the corporation had ever produced , ahead of such ratings heavyweights as eastenders and casualty . <SEP> what show ?
private schools , also known as independent schools , non-governmental , or nonstate schools , are not administered by local , state or national governments ; thus , they retain the right to select their students and are funded in whole or in part by charging their students tuition , rather than relying on mandatory taxation through public ( government ) funding ; at some private schools students may be able to get a scholarship , which makes the cost cheaper , depending on a talent the student may have ( e.g . <SEP> what ?
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game . <SEP> what former mvp ?
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway . <SEP> who ?
texas has the largest number of members , with about 1 million . <SEP> which state ?
martin luther ( /ˈluːθər/ or /ˈluːðər/ ; german : [ ˈmaɐ̯tiːn ˈlʊtɐ ] ( listen ) ; 10 november 1483 – 18 february 1546 ) was a german professor of theology , composer , priest , former monk and a seminal figure in the protestant reformation . <SEP> when ?
outside the city centre , the largest suburban shopping areas are gosforth and byker . <SEP> of what type ?
an architect normally manages the job , and a construction manager , design engineer , construction engineer or project manager supervises it . <SEP> who ?
luther 's rediscovery of " christ and his salvation " was the first of two points that became the foundation for the reformation . <SEP> what ?
the largest , the theatre royal on grey street , first opened in 1837 , designed by john and benjamin green . <SEP> what first ?
it ceded french louisiana west of the mississippi river ( including new orleans ) to its ally spain , in compensation for spain 's loss to britain of florida ( spain had ceded this to britain in exchange for the return of havana , cuba ) . <SEP> what land ?
that same year , capital cities/abc purchased the french animation studio dic entertainment ; it also signed an agreement with time warner cable to carry its owned-and-operated television stations on the provider 's systems in abc o & o markets . <SEP> what cable provider ?
the yuan government used woodblocks to print paper money , but switched to bronze plates in 1275. the mongols experimented with establishing the chinese-style paper monetary system in mongol-controlled territories outside of china . <SEP> when ?
since 1990 the president of warsaw had been elected by the city council . <SEP> who ?
while a child was in school , a teacher was expected to act as a substitute parent , with all the normal forms of parental discipline open to them . <SEP> what ?
the two innermost lipid-bilayer membranes that surround all chloroplasts correspond to the outer and inner membranes of the ancestral cyanobacterium 's gram negative cell wall , and not the phagosomal membrane from the host , which was probably lost . <SEP> what kind of membrane ?
unarmed jews gathered in the streets to prevent the installation of pagan images in the temple in jerusalem . <SEP> what ?
one of the principal advantages the rankine cycle holds over others is that during the compression stage relatively little work is required to drive the pump , the working fluid being in its liquid phase at this point . <SEP> what ?
soon after börte 's marriage to temüjin , she was kidnapped by the merkits and reportedly given away as a wife . <SEP> who ?
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism . <SEP> whose ideas ?
similarly , it is not known if l ( the set of all problems that can be solved in logarithmic space ) is strictly contained in p or equal to p. again , there are many complexity classes between the two , such as nl and nc , and it is not known if they are distinct or equal classes . <SEP> what ?
with the help of the magnetophon , abc was able to provide its stars with greater freedom in terms of time , and also attract several big names , such as bing crosby at a time when nbc and cbs did not allow pre-taped shows . <SEP> who ?
first , in choosing violence over lawful submission to the secular government , they were ignoring christ 's counsel to " render unto caesar the things that are caesar 's " ; st. paul had written in his epistle to the romans 13:1–7 that all authorities are appointed by god and therefore should not be resisted . <SEP> what ?
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl . <SEP> what agency ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> how old ?
the book of discipline also recognizes the importance of the chalcedonian creed of the council of chalcedon . <SEP> what book ?
during excavations at lake turkana in 1984 , paleoanthropologist richard leakey assisted by kamoya kimeu discovered the turkana boy , a 1.6-million-year-old fossil belonging to homo erectus . <SEP> who ?
this means that forces follow a different set of mathematical rules than physical quantities that do not have direction ( denoted scalar quantities ) . <SEP> what physical quantities ?
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx . <SEP> what team ?
pax mongolica , mongol peace , enabled the spread of technologies , commodities , and culture between china and the west . <SEP> what ?
it has also been argued that breaking the law for self-gratification , as in the case of a homosexual or cannabis user who does not direct his act at securing the repeal of amendment of the law , is not civil disobedience . <SEP> what ?
chinese physicians were brought along military campaigns by the mongols as they expanded towards the west . <SEP> how ?
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks . <SEP> which company ?
according to the new york times on july 22 , 2014 , the " richest 1 percent in the united states now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent " . <SEP> who ?
according to legend , it was here that genghis khan reportedly saw a line of five stars arranged in the sky and interpreted it as an omen of his victory . <SEP> what omen ?
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces . <SEP> what ?
he lit electric lamps wirelessly at both locations , demonstrating the potential of wireless power transmission . <SEP> what ?
the engulfed alga was broken down , leaving only its chloroplast , and sometimes its cell membrane and nucleus , forming a chloroplast with three or four membranes—the two cyanobacterial membranes , sometimes the eaten alga 's cell membrane , and the phagosomal vacuole from the host 's cell membrane . <SEP> what additional membranes ?
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states . <SEP> what ?
however , he concedes that the effect of trade on inequality in america is minor when compared to other causes , such as technological innovation , a view shared by other experts . <SEP> what ?
a public library is seen as a peoples university since it is open to all irrespective of age , literacy level and has materials relevant to people of all walks of life . <SEP> what ?
20th century fox , lionsgate , paramount pictures , universal studios and walt disney studios paid for movie trailers to be aired during the super bowl . <SEP> what company ?
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union . <SEP> what campaign ?
on september 13 , 1977 , the network debuted soap , a controversial soap opera parody which became known for being the first television series to feature an openly gay main character ( played by a then-unknown billy crystal ) ; it last ran on the network on april 20 , 1981 . <SEP> what ?
structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples to observe the fabric within the rocks which gives information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks . <SEP> what type of geologists ?
at the time the only concern was that member states should be prevented from violating human rights , hence the establishment of the european convention on human rights in 1950 and the establishment of the european court of human rights . <SEP> which entities ?
he needed the revenue from the indulgences to pay off a papal dispensation for his tenure of more than one bishopric . <SEP> what ?
nonetheless , the linear channels were not offered , virgin media instead concentrating on its video on demand service to carry a modest selection of hd content . <SEP> what ?
these tandem effects result ultimately in the conservation of mechanical energy since the work done on the load is the same no matter how complicated the machine . <SEP> what ?
in modern times , some activists who commit civil disobedience as a group collectively refuse to sign bail until certain demands are met , such as favorable bail conditions , or the release of all the activists . <SEP> what ?
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down . <SEP> who ?
in 1958 , a study recommended that the city of jacksonville begin annexing outlying communities in order to create the needed tax base to improve services throughout the county . <SEP> what ?
all three cathedrals began their lives as parish churches . <SEP> what ?
when some species , including bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera , are disturbed , they produce secretions ( ink ) that luminesce at much the same wavelengths as their bodies . <SEP> what ?
because the haptophyte chloroplast has four membranes , tertiary endosymbiosis would be expected to create a six membraned chloroplast , adding the haptophyte 's cell membrane and the dinophyte 's phagosomal vacuole . <SEP> how many membranes ?
in 1018 , roger de tosny travelled to the iberian peninsula to carve out a state for himself from moorish lands , but failed . <SEP> what year ?
according to goldenson , monday night football helped earn abc regularly score an audience share of 15 % –16 % ; abc sports managed the budget for the monday night time slot to reallocate the weekly budget for abc 's prime time schedule to just six days , as opposed to seven on competing networks . <SEP> what kind of audience share ?
some authors combined ctenophores and cnidarians in one phylum , coelenterata , as both groups rely on water flow through the body cavity for both digestion and respiration . <SEP> what ?
there are infinitely many primes , as demonstrated by euclid around 300 bc . <SEP> who ?
it won the coveted sunday times university of the year award in 2000. northumbria university has its origins in the newcastle polytechnic , established in 1969 and became the university of northumbria at newcastle in 1992 as part of the uk-wide process in which polytechnics became new universities . <SEP> what ?
then he imposed penalties , closed huguenot schools and excluded them from favored professions . <SEP> what ?
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 . <SEP> what color ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> who ?
this means commissioners are , through the appointment process , the unelected subordinates of member state governments . <SEP> who ?
materials readily available in the area generally dictate the construction materials used ( e.g . <SEP> what ?
their current captain is rakep patel . <SEP> who ?
trade economist paul krugman estimates that trade liberalisation has had a measurable effect on the rising inequality in the united states . <SEP> what ?
parliament typically sits tuesdays , wednesdays and thursdays from early january to late june and from early september to mid december , with two-week recesses in april and october . <SEP> which month ?
it has hosted the world 's most popular half marathon , the great north run , since it began in 1981 . <SEP> what ?
this biogeochemical cycle describes the movement of oxygen within and between its three main reservoirs on earth : the atmosphere , the biosphere , and the lithosphere . <SEP> in how many places ?
john rawls argued in a theory of justice that inequalities in the distribution of wealth are only justified when they improve society as a whole , including the poorest members . <SEP> when ?
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us . <SEP> what ?
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> what ?
only a little time will pass before i can give it to the world . " <SEP> how much time ?
as opposed to broadcasts of primetime series , cbs broadcast special episodes of its late night talk shows as its lead-out programs for super bowl 50 , beginning with a special episode of the late show with stephen colbert following the game . <SEP> which late night comedy host ?
all these molecules initiate retrograde signaling—signals from the chloroplast that regulate gene expression in the nucleus . <SEP> what ?
from the death of augustus in ad 14 until after ad 70 , rome accepted as her germanic frontier the water-boundary of the rhine and upper danube . <SEP> when ?
by this definition , civil disobedience could be traced back to the book of exodus , where shiphrah and puah refused a direct order of pharaoh but misrepresented how they did it . <SEP> what book of the bible ?
chloroplasts may be converted to chromoplasts , which are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit . <SEP> what ?
the innate leukocytes include the phagocytes ( macrophages , neutrophils , and dendritic cells ) , mast cells , eosinophils , basophils , and natural killer cells . <SEP> what ?
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323. he continued his father 's policies to reform the government based on the confucian principles , with the help of his newly appointed grand chancellor baiju . <SEP> when ?
in the church of england 's calendar of saints he is commemorated on 31 october . <SEP> on what english calendar ?
the service continued until the closure of bskyb 's analogue service on 27 september 2001 , due to the launch and expansion of the sky digital platform . <SEP> when ?
it was not until the 1965–66 season that color became the dominant format for the three broadcast television networks . <SEP> for which tv season ?
after the 1940s , the gothic style on campus began to give way to modern styles . <SEP> during what ?
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach . <SEP> what coach ?
the system is currently undergoing a period of refurbishment and modernization , entitled 'metro : all change . ' <SEP> what ?
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell . <SEP> who ?
french regular army reinforcements arrived in new france in may 1756 , led by major general louis-joseph de montcalm and seconded by the chevalier de lévis and colonel françois-charles de bourlamaque , all experienced veterans from the war of the austrian succession . <SEP> who ?
webb also reassigned apollo spacecraft program office ( aspo ) manager joseph francis shea , replacing him with george low . <SEP> who ?
legislative changes are recorded in the book of discipline which is revised after each general conference . <SEP> what book ?
with some justification , newton 's second law can be taken as a quantitative definition of mass by writing the law as an equality ; the relative units of force and mass then are fixed . <SEP> what ?
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> what ?
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden . <SEP> what ?
it was only in 1489 that the venetians acquired full control of the island , which remained a christian stronghold until the fall of famagusta in 1571 . <SEP> when ?
kenia , 1862. controversy over the actual meaning of the word kenya notwithstanding , it is clear that the mountain 's name became widely accepted , pars pro toto , as the name of the country . <SEP> what year ?
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells . <SEP> what ?
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> what civil rights movement in the us ?
the san bernardino-riverside area maintains the business districts of downtown san bernardino , hospitality business/financial centre , university town which are in san bernardino and downtown riverside . <SEP> what ?
in bays where they occur in very high numbers , predation by ctenophores may control the populations of small zooplanktonic organisms such as copepods , which might otherwise wipe out the phytoplankton ( planktonic plants ) , which are a vital part of marine food chains . <SEP> what ?
in the 1530s and 1540s , printed images of luther that emphasized his monumental size were crucial to the spread of protestantism . <SEP> what kind of images of luther ?
the name rijn , from here on , is used only for smaller streams farther to the north , which together formed the main river rhine in roman times . <SEP> what ?
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass . <SEP> what ?
the american broadcasting company ( abc ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) is an american commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the disney–abc television group , a subsidiary of disney media networks division of the walt disney company . <SEP> what company ?
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche . <SEP> how many paintings ?
the block of west end avenue housing the abc news building was renamed peter jennings way in 2006 in honor of the recently deceased longtime abc news chief anchor and anchor of world news tonight . <SEP> that ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> which super bowl ?
thus , in an aristotelian universe , the falling cannonball would land behind the foot of the mast of a moving ship . <SEP> where ?
a procedural consequence of the establishment of the scottish parliament is that scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons are able to vote on domestic legislation that applies only to england , wales and northern ireland – whilst english , scottish , welsh and northern irish westminster mps are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the scottish parliament . <SEP> what ?
due to its energy content , o2 is used by complex forms of life , such as animals , in cellular respiration ( see biological role ) . <SEP> what characteristic of oxygen ?
in old or stressed chloroplasts , plastoglobuli tend to occur in linked groups or chains , still always anchored to a thylakoid . <SEP> when ?
plastoglobuli were once thought to be free-floating in the stroma , but it is now thought that they are permanently attached either to a thylakoid or to another plastoglobulus attached to a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network . <SEP> what ?
most canadians have access to at least one u.s.-based abc affiliate , either over-the-air ( in areas located within proximity to the canada–united states border ) or through a cable , satellite or iptv provider , although most abc programs are subject to simultaneous substitution regulations imposed by the canadian radio-television and telecommunications commission that allow pay television providers to replace an american station 's signal with the feed of a canadian broadcaster to protect domestic programming rights and advertising revenue . <SEP> what entity in canada ?
this mechanism is still the leading theory today ; however , a second theory suggests that most cpdna is actually linear and replicates through homologous recombination . <SEP> how ?
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly . <SEP> what ?
economist joseph stiglitz presented evidence in 2009 that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand . <SEP> what ?
the area of the modern city of jacksonville has been inhabited for thousands of years . <SEP> where ?
though not always emphasized or appreciated in the anglican churches of their day , their teaching emphasized salvation by god 's grace , acquired through faith in christ . <SEP> what ?
in contrast to images of frail catholic saints , luther was presented as a stout man with a " double chin , strong mouth , piercing deep-set eyes , fleshy face , and squat neck . " <SEP> in contrast how ?
when the researchers ' analysis was " applied to the possible scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) , the researchers found that in 2100 sea levels would be 0.5–1.4 m [ 50–140 cm ] above 1990 levels . <SEP> how much ?
the best known algorithm for integer factorization is the general number field sieve , which takes time o ( e ( 64/9 ) 1/3 ( n.log 2 ) 1/3 ( log ( n.log 2 ) ) 2/3 ) to factor an n-bit integer . <SEP> what ?
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces . <SEP> which region of california ?
maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party in 1941 and remained its leader until 1972. however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising . <SEP> where ?
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area . <SEP> which pharmacists ?
immunoproteomics is the study of large sets of proteins ( proteomics ) involved in the immune response . <SEP> what ?
however , kublai rejected plans to revive the confucian imperial examinations and divided yuan society into three , later four , classes with the han chinese occupying the lowest rank . <SEP> how many ?
from this he surmised that nitroaereus is consumed in both respiration and combustion . <SEP> for what ?
the integer factorization problem is the computational problem of determining the prime factorization of a given integer . <SEP> what computational problem ?
however , when this experiment is actually conducted , the cannonball always falls at the foot of the mast , as if the cannonball knows to travel with the ship despite being separated from it . <SEP> where ?
the first manned flight of apollo was in 1968 . <SEP> what year ?
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter . <SEP> how much time ?
oxygen gas is poisonous to the anaerobic bacteria that cause gas gangrene , so increasing its partial pressure helps kill them . <SEP> that ?
in response , king louis xv dispatched six regiments to new france under the command of baron dieskau in 1755. the british , intending to blockade french ports , sent out their fleet in february 1755 , but the french fleet had already sailed . <SEP> what ?
private schooling in the united states has been debated by educators , lawmakers and parents , since the beginnings of compulsory education in massachusetts in 1852. the supreme court precedent appears to favor educational choice , so long as states may set standards for educational accomplishment . <SEP> in what year ?
this is not a valid comparison—the inner mitochondria membrane is used to run proton pumps and carry out oxidative phosphorylation across to generate atp energy . <SEP> what ?
when johnson was seen as the larger threat , vaudreuil sent dieskau to fort st. frédéric to meet that threat . <SEP> how ?
trioxygen ( o 3 ) is usually known as ozone and is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue . <SEP> what ?
in the fall quarter of 2014 , the university of chicago enrolled 5,792 students in the college , 3,468 students in its four graduate divisions , 5,984 students in its professional schools , and 15,244 students overall . <SEP> in the fall quarter of 2014 , how many students ?
three more flows carry significant amounts of water : the nieuwe merwede ( " new merwede " ) , which branches off from the southern branch where it changes from boven to beneden merwede ; the oude maas ( " old meuse " ) , which branches off from the southern branch where it changes from beneden merwede into noord , and dordtse kil , which branches off from oude maas . <SEP> what ?
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " . <SEP> who ?
the british failures in north america , combined with other failures in the european theater , led to the fall from power of newcastle and his principal military advisor , the duke of cumberland . <SEP> what ?
the aauw study , however , posed questions about fourteen types of sexual harassment and various degrees of frequency and included only abuses by teachers . <SEP> what study ?
although the famous mughal emperors were proud descendants of genghis khan and particularly timur , they clearly distanced themselves from the mongol atrocities committed against the khwarizim shahs , turks , persians , the citizens of baghdad and damascus , nishapur , bukhara and historical figures such as attar of nishapur and many other notable muslims . <SEP> where ?
the centrifugal governor was adopted by james watt for use on a steam engine in 1788 after watt ’ s partner boulton saw one at a flour mill boulton & watt were building . <SEP> what ?
notable exceptions were : the daleks ' master plan , which aired in 12 episodes ( plus an earlier one-episode teaser , " mission to the unknown " , featuring none of the regular cast ) ; almost an entire season of seven-episode serials ( season 7 ) ; the 10-episode serial the war games ; and the trial of a time lord , which ran for 14 episodes ( albeit divided into three production codes and four narrative segments ) during season 23. occasionally serials were loosely connected by a storyline , such as season 8 being devoted to the doctor battling a rogue time lord called the master , season 16 's quest for the key to time , season 18 's journey through e-space and the theme of entropy , and season 20 's black guardian trilogy . <SEP> what ?
prior to european settlement , the area now constituting victoria was inhabited by a large number of aboriginal peoples , collectively known as the koori . <SEP> what ?
in front of the field of macrocilia , on the mouth " lips " in some species of beroe , is a pair of narrow strips of adhesive epithelial cells on the stomach wall that " zip " the mouth shut when the animal is not feeding , by forming intercellular connections with the opposite adhesive strip . <SEP> what ?
wiesner kept up the pressure , even making the disagreement public during a two-day september visit by the president to marshall space flight center . <SEP> who ?
immunology covers the study of all aspects of the immune system . <SEP> what field ?
tesla incorrectly believed that x-rays were longitudinal waves , such as those produced in waves in plasmas . <SEP> what ?
high and persistent unemployment , in which inequality increases , has a negative effect on subsequent long-run economic growth . <SEP> what ?
meanwhile , nasa performed its own in-house spacecraft design studies led by maxime faget , to serve as a gauge to judge and monitor the three industry designs . <SEP> who ?
since the ipcc does not carry out its own research , it operates on the basis of scientific papers and independently documented results from other scientific bodies , and its schedule for producing reports requires a deadline for submissions prior to the report 's final release . <SEP> what ?
the buildings of the main quadrangles were designed by cobb , shepley , rutan and coolidge , holabird & roche , and other architectural firms in a mixture of the victorian gothic and collegiate gothic styles , patterned on the colleges of the university of oxford . <SEP> who ?
the population of pons aelius at this period was estimated at 2,000. fragments of hadrian 's wall are still visible in parts of newcastle , particularly along the west road . <SEP> what ?
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water . <SEP> why ?
the importance of soft power is not lost on authoritarian regimes , fighting such influence with bans on foreign popular culture , control of the internet and unauthorised satellite dishes etc . <SEP> how ?
most of these schools are vocational schools . <SEP> what types of schools ?
the input string for a computational problem is referred to as a problem instance , and should not be confused with the problem itself . <SEP> what ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> when ?
many of the same decisions and principles that apply in other criminal investigations and arrests arise also in civil disobedience cases . <SEP> what type of government investigations ?
warsaw ( polish : warszawa [ varˈʂava ] ( listen ) ; see also other names ) is the capital and largest city of poland . <SEP> what ?
the module was 11.42 feet ( 3.48 m ) tall , 12.83 feet ( 3.91 m ) in diameter , and weighed approximately 12,250 pounds ( 5,560 kg ) . <SEP> how much ?
english chemist john mayow ( 1641–1679 ) refined this work by showing that fire requires only a part of air that he called spiritus nitroaereus or just nitroaereus . <SEP> what chemist ?
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden . <SEP> where ?
in 1096 , crusaders passing by the siege of amalfi were joined by bohemond of taranto and his nephew tancred with an army of italo-normans . <SEP> what ?
tesla later approached morgan to ask for more funds to build a more powerful transmitter . <SEP> who ?
in the spring of 1753 , paul marin de la malgue was given command of a 2,000-man force of troupes de la marine and indians . <SEP> who ?
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation . <SEP> where ?
most of its population is concentrated in the area surrounding port phillip bay , which includes the metropolitan area of its capital and largest city , melbourne , which is australia 's second-largest city . <SEP> what ?
central business districts ( cbd ) include downtown los angeles , downtown san diego , downtown san bernardino , downtown bakersfield , south coast metro and downtown riverside . <SEP> what ?
on april 2 , 2009 , citadel communications announced that it would rebrand abc radio as citadel media ; however , abc news continued to provide news content for citadel . <SEP> what ?
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise . <SEP> what cruise line ?
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game . <SEP> who ?
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) . <SEP> how ?
the chloroplast peripheral reticulum consists of a maze of membranous tubes and vesicles continuous with the inner chloroplast membrane that extends into the internal stromal fluid of the chloroplast . <SEP> what ?
individual-level interventions , including stress-management training and counseling , are also used to relieve occupational stress among teachers . <SEP> what ?
the only jewish synagogue in the country is located in the capital , nairobi . <SEP> where ?
he spent the rest of his career in this position at the university of wittenberg . <SEP> where ?
in may 1961 , life criticized the public enthusiasm and sponsorship for these types of shows at the expense of news programming and denounced an unofficial law " replacing the good programs with the bad ones " . <SEP> what magazine ?
nbc , which had lagged behind abc for eight years , finished the season in first place in the 18–49 demographic for the first time since 2004 , and in second place in total viewership behind long-dominant cbs . <SEP> when ?
the world watched annan and his un-backed panel and african union chairman jakaya kikwete as they brought together the former rivals to the signing ceremony , beamed live on national tv from the steps of nairobi 's harambee house . <SEP> where ?
for those who proceed to secondary level , there is a national examination at the end of form four – the kenya certificate of secondary education ( kcse ) , which determines those proceeding to the universities , other professional training or employment . <SEP> what ?
bolshevik leaders had effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire by 1921 , however with an internationalist ideology : lenin in particular asserted the right to limited self-determination for national minorities within the new territory . <SEP> who ?
notable examples include the traveling salesman problem and the integer factorization problem . <SEP> what ?
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession . <SEP> why ?
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages . <SEP> what ?
newcastle international airport is located approximately 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) from the city centre on the northern outskirts of the city near ponteland and is the larger of the two main airports serving the north east . <SEP> how far ?
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance . <SEP> in what year ?
the harvard art museums comprises three museums . <SEP> how many museums ?
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham . <SEP> what year ?
:32 the classes were held in german , as it was a school within the austro-hungarian military frontier . <SEP> what language ?
the dominant economic sectors in the middle rhine area are viniculture and tourism . <SEP> what ?
of the original 390 settlers in the isolated settlement , many had died ; others lived outside town on farms in the english style ; and others moved to different areas . <SEP> how many settlers original ?
the final part of the museum designed by scott was the art library and what is now the sculpture gallery on the south side of the garden , built 1877–83 , the exterior mosaic panels in the parapet were designed by reuben townroe who also designed the plaster work in the library , sir john taylor designed the book shelves and cases , also this was the first part of the museum to have electric lighting . <SEP> who ?
according to russian census of 1897 , out of the total population of 638,000 , jews constituted 219,000 ( around 34 % percent ) . <SEP> what percentage of the population of warsaw ?
the uk refused to sign the social charter and was exempt from the legislation covering social charter issues unless it agreed to be bound by the legislation . <SEP> which member state ?
china has been causing environmental and social problems that include the recent suspension of the railway project . <SEP> what ?
a study in england showed a 0.3 % prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional , a group that included priests , religious leaders , and case workers as well as teachers . <SEP> what ?
in 2010 , newcastle was positioned ninth in the retail centre expenditure league of the uk . <SEP> what year ?
it permitted anyone to kill luther without legal consequence . <SEP> what ?
while the military effectiveness of these " afghan arabs " was marginal , an estimated 16,000 to 35,000 muslim volunteers came from around the world came to fight in afghanistan . <SEP> how effective ?
while chinese primary schools were allowed to retain chinese as the medium of instruction , chinese secondary schools are required to change into english-medium schools . <SEP> what language ?
in europe there are old pharmacies still operating in dubrovnik , croatia , located inside the franciscan monastery , opened in 1317 ; and in the town hall square of tallinn , estonia , dating from at least 1422. the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum . <SEP> where ?
the city grew as an important centre for the wool trade in the 14th century , and later became a major coal mining area . <SEP> what resource ?
the megaregion 's area is more expansive , extending east into las vegas , nevada , and south across the mexican border into tijuana . <SEP> which border ?
virgin media ( re-branded in 2007 from ntl : telewest ) started to offer a high-definition television ( hdtv ) capable set top box , although from 30 november 2006 until 30 july 2009 it only carried one linear hd channel , bbc hd , after the conclusion of the itv hd trial . <SEP> what ?
annual rainfall has ranged from 23.57 inches ( 598.7 mm ) in the “ rain year ” from july 1982 to june 1983 down to 4.43 inches ( 112.5 mm ) from july 1933 to june 1934. the most rainfall in one month was 9.54 inches ( 242.3 mm ) in november 1885 and the most rainfall in 24 hours 3.55 inches ( 90.2 mm ) on november 18 , 1885. measurable precipitation falls on an average of 48 days annually . <SEP> what ?
cbs analyst and retired referee mike carey stated he disagreed with the call and felt the review clearly showed the pass was complete . <SEP> what analyst ?
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass . <SEP> which ?
on april 29 , 1961 , abc debuted wide world of sports , an anthology series created by edgar scherick through his company sports programs , inc. and produced by a young roone arledge which featured a different sporting event each broadcast . <SEP> who ?
tesla read many works , memorizing complete books , and supposedly possessed a photographic memory . <SEP> what kind of memory ?
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain . <SEP> what ?
daniel burke departed from capital cities/abc in february 1994 , with thomas murphy taking over as president before ceding control to robert iger . <SEP> who ?
in the spring of 1975 , fred pierce , the newly appointed president of abc television , convinced fred silverman to become the first president and director of programming of the independent television production subsidiary abc entertainment , created from the network 's namesake programming division . <SEP> who ?
the main passenger rail station is the recently renovated historic santa fe railroad depot in downtown fresno . <SEP> where ?
professional skateboarder tony hawk , professional surfers rob machado , tim curran , bobby martinez , pat o'connell , dane reynolds , and chris ward , and professional snowboarder shaun white live in southern california . <SEP> what famous snowbaorder ?
luther wrote " aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir " ( " from depths of woe i cry to you " ) in 1523 as a hymnic version of psalm 130 and sent it as a sample to encourage evangelical colleagues to write psalm-hymns for use in german worship . <SEP> when ?
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium . <SEP> when ?
the grateful king bestowed the motto " fortiter defendit triumphans " ( " triumphing by a brave defence " ) upon the town . <SEP> what ?
t-cells have a symbiotic relationship with vitamin d. not only does the t-cell extend a vitamin d receptor , in essence asking to bind to the steroid hormone version of vitamin d , calcitriol , but the t-cell expresses the gene cyp27b1 , which is the gene responsible for converting the pre-hormone version of vitamin d , calcidiol into the steroid hormone version , calcitriol . <SEP> what gene ?
the surface of most metals , such as aluminium and titanium , are oxidized in the presence of air and become coated with a thin film of oxide that passivates the metal and slows further corrosion . <SEP> what ?
in berlin , the huguenots created two new neighbourhoods : dorotheenstadt and friedrichstadt . <SEP> what ?
typically each committee corresponds with one ( or more ) of the departments ( or ministries ) of the scottish government . <SEP> how many ministries of the scottish government ?
helper t cells have a weaker association with the mhc : antigen complex than observed for killer t cells , meaning many receptors ( around 200–300 ) on the helper t cell must be bound by an mhc : antigen in order to activate the helper cell , while killer t cells can be activated by engagement of a single mhc : antigen molecule . <SEP> how many ?
the tenth series will introduce pearl mackie as bill , the doctor 's newest traveling companion . <SEP> who ?
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty . <SEP> when ?
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast . <SEP> how many base pairs ?
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter . <SEP> who ?
abercrombie was recalled and replaced by jeffery amherst , victor at louisbourg . <SEP> what impact ?
the immune system is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease . <SEP> what ?
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique . <SEP> by which artist ?
these scholars believed that northern europe and the mid-atlantic temperate climate produced a hard-working , moral , and upstanding human being . <SEP> which regions ?
the tentacles of cydippid ctenophores are typically fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) , although a few genera have simple tentacles without these sidebranches . <SEP> what ?
free oxygen first appeared in significant quantities during the paleoproterozoic eon ( between 3.0 and 2.3 billion years ago ) . <SEP> during which eon ?
a pair of carries by c. j. anderson moved the ball up 20 yards to the panthers 14-yard line , but carolina 's defense dug in over the next three plays . <SEP> which denver player ?
despite denver 's excellent field position , they could not get the ball into the end zone , so mcmanus kicked a 33-yard field goal that increased their lead to 13–7 . <SEP> how ?
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock . <SEP> what ?
in england , it was not until 1823 that the medieval epidemic was first called the black death . <SEP> when ?
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region . <SEP> which region ?
in the united states especially , several high-profile cases such as debra lafave , pamela rogers , and mary kay letourneau have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct . <SEP> where ?
börte had three more sons , chagatai ( 1187—1241 ) , ögedei ( 1189—1241 ) , and tolui ( 1190–1232 ) . <SEP> which male child of ghengis khan and börte ?
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly . <SEP> what ?
at the time of their marriage , katharina was 26 years old and luther was 41 years old . <SEP> how old ?
the situation was aggravated by other factors , such as over-fishing and long-term environmental changes that promoted the growth of the mnemiopsis population . <SEP> what ?
a 2000 study found that 42 % of uk teachers experienced occupational stress , twice the figure for the average profession . <SEP> how much higher ?
the university also annually holds a summer carnival and concert called summer breeze that hosts outside musicians , and is home to doc films , a student film society founded in 1932 that screens films nightly at the university . <SEP> what ?
decnet is a suite of network protocols created by digital equipment corporation , originally released in 1975 in order to connect two pdp-11 minicomputers . <SEP> what ?
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) . <SEP> how old ?
the mid 1890s saw the conglomerate general electric , backed by financier j. p. morgan , involved in takeover attempts and patent battles with westinghouse electric . <SEP> who ?
some of the oldest schools in south africa are private church schools that were established by missionaries in the early nineteenth century . <SEP> in what century ?
as of 2005 , 17.7 % of kenyans lived on less than $ 1.25 a day . <SEP> how much ?
since turing machines are easy to analyze mathematically , and are believed to be as powerful as any other model of computation , the turing machine is the most commonly used model in complexity theory . <SEP> what ?
it was named new rochelle after la rochelle , their former strong-hold in france . <SEP> what french city ?
these clades ( which are thought to be extinct ) were found to be ancestral to modern isolates of the modern y. pestis strains y. p. orientalis and y. p. medievalis , suggesting the plague may have entered europe in two waves . <SEP> what ?
it won the coveted sunday times university of the year award in 2000. northumbria university has its origins in the newcastle polytechnic , established in 1969 and became the university of northumbria at newcastle in 1992 as part of the uk-wide process in which polytechnics became new universities . <SEP> what ?
he noted that candles burned brighter in the gas and that a mouse was more active and lived longer while breathing it . <SEP> what effect ?
teachers in scotland can be registered members of trade unions with the main ones being the educational institute of scotland and the scottish secondary teachers ' association . <SEP> what group ?
the concept of duty was first introduced by watt in order to illustrate how much more efficient his engines were over the earlier newcomen designs . <SEP> who ?
closely related fields in theoretical computer science are analysis of algorithms and computability theory . <SEP> what two fields of theoretical computer science ?
rapid warming and changes of vegetation , to open forest , began about 13,000 bp . <SEP> when ?
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game . <SEP> which team ?
behind them , two of the panthers three starting linebackers were also selected to play in the pro bowl : thomas davis and luke kuechly . <SEP> who ?
development of the strategic petroleum reserve began in 1975 , and in 1977 the cabinet-level department of energy was created , followed by the national energy act of 1978 . <SEP> when ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> who ?
the stress tensor accounts for forces that cause all strains ( deformations ) including also tensile stresses and compressions . <SEP> what ?
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages . <SEP> what effect ?
during the divestment from south africa movement in the late 1980s , student activists erected a symbolic " shantytown " on harvard yard and blockaded a speech given by south african vice consul duke kent-brown . <SEP> when ?
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach . <SEP> what ?
his essay on confession , whether the pope has the power to require it rejected compulsory confession and encouraged private confession and absolution , since " every christian is a confessor . " <SEP> what ?
tesla noted the hazards of working with his circuit and single-node x-ray-producing devices . <SEP> what ?
while the military effectiveness of these " afghan arabs " was marginal , an estimated 16,000 to 35,000 muslim volunteers came from around the world came to fight in afghanistan . <SEP> how many ?
an oscillating cylinder steam engine is a variant of the simple expansion steam engine which does not require valves to direct steam into and out of the cylinder . <SEP> what type of steam engine ?
conversely , education raises incomes and promotes growth because it helps to unleash the productive potential of the poor . <SEP> what ?
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram . <SEP> what ?
some yuan documents such as wang zhen 's nong shu were printed with earthenware movable type , a technology invented in the 12th century . <SEP> when ?
the reverend alexander dyce was another benefactor of the library , leaving over 14,000 books to the museum in 1869. amongst the books he collected are early editions in greek and latin of the poets and playwrights aeschylus , aristotle , homer , livy , ovid , pindar , sophocles and virgil . <SEP> in which year ?
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army . <SEP> who ?
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast . <SEP> how many base pairs ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> who ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> which nfl team ?
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776. britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820. by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world . <SEP> what policy ?
the ipcc fourth assessment report ( ar4 ) published in 2007 featured a graph showing 12 proxy based temperature reconstructions , including the three highlighted in the 2001 third assessment report ( tar ) ; mann , bradley & hughes 1999 as before , jones et al . <SEP> when ?
in the early pleistocene , the rhine followed a course to the northwest , through the present north sea . <SEP> in early pleistocene , what direction ?
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility . <SEP> what person ?
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) . <SEP> what ?
its main component is a statocyst , a balance sensor consisting of a statolith , a solid particle supported on four bundles of cilia , called " balancers " , that sense its orientation . <SEP> what ?
the city 's garrison resisted until february 1082 , when dyrrachium was betrayed to the normans by the venetian and amalfitan merchants who had settled there . <SEP> when ?
the winning episodes were " the empty child " / " the doctor dances " ( 2006 ) , " the girl in the fireplace " ( 2007 ) , " blink " ( 2008 ) , " the waters of mars " ( 2010 ) , " the pandorica opens " / " the big bang " ( 2011 ) , and " the doctor 's wife " ( 2012 ) . <SEP> what doctor ?
elections for the victorian parliament are now fixed and occur in november every four years . <SEP> how often ?
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx . <SEP> who ?
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market . <SEP> who ?
in 1987 , a united methodist church court in new hampshire defrocked methodist minister rose mary denman for openly living with a same-sex partner . <SEP> in what year ?
between 1978 and 2008 , entering students were required to complete a core curriculum of seven classes outside of their concentration . <SEP> how ?
cbs introduced new features during the telecast , including pylon cameras and microphones along with eyevision 360—an array of 36 cameras along the upper deck that can be used to provide a 360-degree view of plays and " bullet time " effects . <SEP> what ?
the deportation of acadians beginning in 1755 resulted in land made available to migrants from europe and the colonies further south . <SEP> when ?
it supports research on stem cells retrieved from umbilical cords and adult stem cells , stating that there are " few moral questions " raised by this issue . <SEP> what ?
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> what country ?
in 2008 , the university of chicago announced plans to establish the milton friedman institute which attracted both support and controversy from faculty members and students . <SEP> what institute ?
the medals were awarded posthumously to grissom , white , and chaffee in 1969 , then to the crews of all missions from apollo 8 onward . <SEP> from what mission and onward ?
the social chapter is a chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam covering social policy issues in european union law . <SEP> what year ?
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable . <SEP> what ?
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) . <SEP> who ?
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated . <SEP> what ?
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) . <SEP> which carolina panthers player ?
a further contract to build the ac distribution system was awarded to general electric . <SEP> what company ?
a progressive tax is a tax by which the tax rate increases as the taxable base amount increases . <SEP> what ?
in 2014 , enr compiled the data in nine market segments . <SEP> in what year ?
the main architecture gallery has a series of pillars from various buildings and different periods , for example a column from the alhambra . <SEP> which ?
luther 's pamphlets against the church and the hierarchy , often worded with " liberal " phraseology , now led many peasants to believe he would support an attack on the upper classes in general . <SEP> who ?
the pharma ( as it was referred to ) often operated through a retail shop which , in addition to ingredients for medicines , sold tobacco and patent medicines . <SEP> what ?
geochronologists precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section in order to provide better absolute bounds on the timing and rates of deposition . <SEP> why ?
later under genghis khan 's grandson batu and the golden horde , the mongols returned to conquer volga bulgaria and kievan rus ' in 1237 , concluding the campaign in 1240 . <SEP> which mongol leader ?
new athletes gained attention , such as pamela jelimo , the women 's 800m gold medalist who went ahead to win the iaaf golden league jackpot , and samuel wanjiru who won the men 's marathon . <SEP> what else ?
the uk subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the agreement on social policy , the 1994 works council directive , which required workforce consultation in businesses , and the 1996 parental leave directive . <SEP> what ?
he concentrated on the church in the electorate of saxony , acting only as an adviser to churches in new territories , many of which followed his saxon model . <SEP> what role ?
most work has been done on the spread of the plague in england , and even estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100 % as no census was undertaken between the time of publication of the domesday book and the year 1377. estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy . <SEP> how much ?
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation . <SEP> when ?
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns . <SEP> how many touchdowns ?
the abc logo has evolved many times since the network 's creation in 1943. the network 's first logo , introduced in 1946 , consisted of a television screen containing the letters " t " and " v " , with a vertical abc microphone in the center , referencing the network 's roots in radio . <SEP> when ?
during that year , tesla worked in pittsburgh , helping to create an alternating current system to power the city 's streetcars . <SEP> where ?
the hostile but weakened song dynasty remained an obstacle in the south . <SEP> where ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> what team ?
during the first sino-japanese war in 1894 , japan absorbed taiwan . <SEP> when ?
southern california consists of one of the more varied collections of geologic , topographic , and natural ecosystem landscapes in a diversity outnumbering other major regions in the state and country . <SEP> what term best ?
a study in 1999 found one square kilometer ( 247 acres ) of amazon rainforest can contain about 90,790 tonnes of living plants . <SEP> how many tons of live plants ?
as residential construction ( as well as all other types of construction ) can generate a lot of waste , careful planning again is needed here . <SEP> what ?
mongolia 's main international airport in ulaanbaatar is named chinggis khaan international airport . <SEP> what ?
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai . <SEP> most of the objects in the japanese art collection ?
in 1640 pierre de fermat stated ( without proof ) fermat 's little theorem ( later proved by leibniz and euler ) . <SEP> in what year ?
the main purpose of the jurisdictions and central conferences is to elect and appoint bishops , the chief administrators of the church . <SEP> what ?
jacksonville also suffered damage from 2008 's tropical storm fay which crisscrossed the state , bringing parts of jacksonville under darkness for four days . <SEP> in what year ?
he eventually surrendered in northern rhodesia ( today zambia ) fourteen days after the armistice was signed in 1918 . <SEP> where ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> how many yards ?
approximately one million protestants in modern france represent some 2 % of its population . <SEP> how many ?
an affectionate parody of the television series , it was split into four segments , mimicking the traditional serial format , complete with cliffhangers , and running down the same corridor several times when being chased ( the version released on video was split into only two episodes ) . <SEP> how many segments ?
the basic pay for a starting teacher is €27,814 p.a. , rising incrementally to €53,423 for a teacher with 25 years service . <SEP> what ?
the average plant biomass is estimated at 356 ± 47 tonnes per hectare . <SEP> what ?
the river ijssel branch flows to the north and enters the ijsselmeer , formerly the zuider zee brackish lagoon ; however , since 1932 , a freshwater lake . <SEP> where ?
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports . <SEP> who ?
the old position was shared with broadcasters from several european countries , while the new position at 28.5°e came to be used almost exclusively for channels that broadcast to the united kingdom . <SEP> what ?
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools . <SEP> which conference ?
pawiak , an infamous german gestapo prison now occupied by a mausoleum of memory of martyrdom and the museum , is only the beginning of a walk in the traces of heroic city . <SEP> what ?
analysis of a silicon wafer exposed to the solar wind in space and returned by the crashed genesis spacecraft has shown that the sun has a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than does the earth . <SEP> what spacecraft ?
at state level , the parliament of victoria consists of the legislative assembly ( the lower house ) and the legislative council ( the upper house ) . <SEP> what ?
the council meets twice a year at various locations throughout the world . <SEP> how many times a year ?
the origin of the name kenya is not clear , but perhaps linked to the kikuyu , embu and kamba words kirinyaga , kirenyaa and kiinyaa which mean " god 's resting place " in all three languages . <SEP> what ?
one theory suggests the name stems from a palatalised version of the mongolian and turkic word tenggis , meaning " ocean " , " oceanic " or " wide-spreading " . <SEP> which mongolian word meaning wide-spreading ?
from each balancer in the statocyst a ciliary groove runs out under the dome and then splits to connect with two adjacent comb rows , and in some species runs all the way along the comb rows . <SEP> what runs from the balancer in the statocyst ?
the fire that killed the apollo 1 crew in a launch pad test spread so rapidly because the capsule was pressurized with pure o 2 but at slightly more than atmospheric pressure , instead of the 1⁄3 normal pressure that would be used in a mission . <SEP> what chemical element ?
today , this acceleration due to gravity towards the surface of the earth is usually designated as and has a magnitude of about 9.81 meters per second squared ( this measurement is taken from sea level and may vary depending on location ) , and points toward the center of the earth . <SEP> where ?
what all these models have in common is that the machines operate deterministically . <SEP> what commonality ?
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay . <SEP> what nationality ?
chao were made from the bark of mulberry trees . <SEP> what ?
under conditions such as high atmospheric co2 concentrations , these starch grains may grow very large , distorting the grana and thylakoids . <SEP> when ?
such experiments demonstrate the crucial properties that forces are additive vector quantities : they have magnitude and direction . <SEP> what ?
significant huguenot settlements were in dublin , cork , portarlington , lisburn , waterford and youghal . <SEP> which irish cities ?
their main weakness is their eyestalk ; attacks upon them using various weapons can blind a dalek , making it go mad . <SEP> what ?
in the early 13th century , the khwarazmian dynasty was governed by shah ala ad-din muhammad . <SEP> who ?
there are 3 main bus companies providing services in the city ; arriva north east , go north east and stagecoach north east . <SEP> how many ?
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac . <SEP> where ?
the command module ( cm ) was the conical crew cabin , designed to carry three astronauts from launch to lunar orbit and back to an earth ocean landing . <SEP> where ?
nikola credited his eidetic memory and creative abilities to his mother 's genetics and influence . <SEP> what ?
euplokamis ' tentilla have three types of movement that are used in capturing prey : they may flick out very quickly ( in 40 to 60 milliseconds ) ; they can wriggle , which may lure prey by behaving like small planktonic worms ; and they coil round prey . <SEP> what ?
the best , worst and average case complexity refer to three different ways of measuring the time complexity ( or any other complexity measure ) of different inputs of the same size . <SEP> what ?
the result leads to even greater inequality and potential economic instability . <SEP> when ?
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation . <SEP> what ?
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since . <SEP> which player ?
in 2005 the factory was sold to avtozaz , a ukrainian car manufacturer which assembled there the chevrolet aveo . <SEP> what ?
in september 1971 , opec issued a joint communiqué stating that , from then on , they would price oil in terms of a fixed amount of gold . <SEP> when ?
western areas of the coast region are mostly christian . <SEP> what religion ?
in 1507 , he was ordained to the priesthood , and in 1508 , von staupitz , first dean of the newly founded university of wittenberg , sent for luther , to teach theology . <SEP> who ?
in the late 19th century , the yarrow-schlick-tweedy balancing 'system ' was used on some marine triple expansion engines . <SEP> what sort of engines ?
when corliss was given the rumford medal the committee said that " no one invention since watt 's time has so enhanced the efficiency of the steam engine " . <SEP> what award ?
this was the first super bowl to feature a quarterback on both teams who was the # 1 pick in their draft classes . <SEP> what position ?
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters . <SEP> who ?
organizational interventions , like changing teachers ' schedules , providing support networks and mentoring , changing the work environment , and offering promotions and bonuses , may be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers . <SEP> what type of intervention would changing the work environment ?
vaginal secretions serve as a chemical barrier following menarche , when they become slightly acidic , while semen contains defensins and zinc to kill pathogens . <SEP> what ?
two days later , the fbi ordered the alien property custodian to seize tesla 's belongings , even though tesla was an american citizen . <SEP> what ?
once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed , an occupancy permit may be issued . <SEP> what ?
public school teachers are required to have a bachelor 's degree and the majority must be certified by the state in which they teach . <SEP> what ?
in 1749 the british government gave land to the ohio company of virginia for the purpose of developing trade and settlements in the ohio country . <SEP> who ?
without the pressure reaching supercritical levels for the working fluid , the temperature range the cycle can operate over is quite small ; in steam turbines , turbine entry temperatures are typically 565 °c ( the creep limit of stainless steel ) and condenser temperatures are around 30 °c . <SEP> what ?
in 1516 , johann tetzel , a dominican friar and papal commissioner for indulgences , was sent to germany by the roman catholic church to sell indulgences to raise money to rebuild st. peter 's basilica in rome . <SEP> when ?
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos . <SEP> what ?
unfortunately , he arrived too late to enroll at charles-ferdinand university ; he never studied greek , a required subject ; and he was illiterate in czech , another required subject . <SEP> why ?
the former midlothian county buildings facing parliament square , high street and george iv bridge in edinburgh ( originally built as the headquarters of the pre-1975 midlothian county council ) housed the parliament 's visitors ' centre and shop , whilst the main hall was used as the parliament 's principal committee room . <SEP> what ?
france ceded its territory east of the mississippi to great britain . <SEP> what territory ?
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away . <SEP> how much time ?
the apollo spacecraft could be tested in two vacuum chambers capable of simulating atmospheric pressure at altitudes up to 250,000 feet ( 76 km ) , which is nearly a vacuum . <SEP> how high in altitude in feet ?
since the 1980s , lutheran church denominations have repudiated martin luther 's statements against the jews and have rejected the use of them to incite hatred against lutherans . <SEP> when ?
they are all equally powerful in principle , but when resources ( such as time or space ) are bounded , some of these may be more powerful than others . <SEP> what ?
the normans were famed for their martial spirit and eventually for their christian piety , becoming exponents of the catholic orthodoxy into which they assimilated . <SEP> what religion ?
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force . <SEP> who ?
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game . <SEP> when ?
victorian lines mainly use the 1,600 mm ( 5 ft 3 in ) broad gauge . <SEP> what ?
killer t cells are a sub-group of t cells that kill cells that are infected with viruses ( and other pathogens ) , or are otherwise damaged or dysfunctional . <SEP> what kind of t cells ?
the lunar module provided propulsion , electrical power and life support to get the crew home safely . <SEP> what ?
extra pay is also given for teaching through the irish language , in a gaeltacht area or on an island . <SEP> what ?
state route 41 ( yosemite freeway/eisenhower freeway ) comes into fresno from atascadero in the south , and then heads north to yosemite . <SEP> what ?
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions . <SEP> what ?
the " freedom to provide services " under tfeu article 56 applies to people who give services " for remuneration " , especially commercial or professional activity . <SEP> to who ?
duty is the number of foot-pounds of work delivered by burning one bushel ( 94 pounds ) of coal . <SEP> what ?
when the fcc imposed its fin-syn rules in 1970 , abc proactively created two companies : worldvision enterprises as a syndication distributor , and abc circle films as a production company . <SEP> when ?
aristotle misinterpreted this motion as being caused by the applied force . <SEP> who ?
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " . <SEP> when ?
chris keates , the general secretary of national association of schoolmasters union of women teachers , said that teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent should not be placed on the sex offenders register and that prosecution for statutory rape " is a real anomaly in the law that we are concerned about . " <SEP> what register ?
the arrival of satellite television ended the need for abc to hold interests in other countries ; many governments also wanted to increase their independence and strengthen legislation to limit foreign ownership of broadcasting properties . <SEP> what ?
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of " invisible " kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments ( later identified as " roentgen rays " or " x-rays " ) . <SEP> why ?
" ikh zasag law adopted during genghis khan ’ s time in mongolia had points to punish illegal matters related to corruption and bribery very heavily , " mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj noted . <SEP> what ?
the apicomplexans include plasmodium , the malaria parasite . <SEP> what ?
the university operates 12 research institutes and 113 research centers on campus . <SEP> how many research institutes ?
tymnet was an international data communications network headquartered in san jose , ca that utilized virtual call packet switched technology and used x.25 , sna/sdlc , bsc and ascii interfaces to connect host computers ( servers ) at thousands of large companies , educational institutions , and government agencies . <SEP> what ?
in the march battle of fort bull , french forces destroyed the fort and large quantities of supplies , including 45,000 pounds of gunpowder . <SEP> how much gun powder ?
however , more recent testing of this theory with superior panel data has shown it to be very weak . <SEP> what ?
the dodge omni / plymouth horizon from chrysler , the ford fiesta and the chevrolet chevette all had four-cylinder engines and room for at least four passengers by the late 1970s . <SEP> how many passengers ?
this means , legislation can be blocked by a majority in parliament , a minority in the council , and a majority in the commission : it is harder to change eu law than stay the same . <SEP> what ?
northeastern france drains to the rhine via the moselle ; smaller rivers drain the vosges and jura mountains uplands . <SEP> what country ?
austpac was an australian public x.25 network operated by telstra . <SEP> what ?
the other third of the water flows through the pannerdens kanaal and redistributes in the ijssel and nederrijn . <SEP> where ?
in the united states , the industry in 2014 has around $ 960 billion in annual revenue according to statistics tracked by the census bureau , of which $ 680 billion is private ( split evenly between residential and nonresidential ) and the remainder is government . <SEP> what ?
the date of the poll may be varied by up to one month either way by the monarch on the proposal of the presiding officer . <SEP> who ?
at the columbian exposition , under a banner announcing the " tesla polyphase system " , tesla demonstrated a series of electrical effects previously performed throughout america and europe , :76 included using high-voltage , high-frequency alternating current to light a wireless gas-discharge lamp . <SEP> what ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> what ?
southern california includes the heavily built-up urban area stretching along the pacific coast from ventura , through the greater los angeles area and the inland empire , and down to greater san diego . <SEP> which coastline ?
on 1 august 1521 , luther wrote to melanchthon on the same theme : " be a sinner , and let your sins be strong , but let your trust in christ be stronger , and rejoice in christ who is the victor over sin , death , and the world . <SEP> what ?
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits . <SEP> what ?
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices . <SEP> where ?
pigeon peas are very drought resistant , so can be grown in areas with less than 650 mm annual rainfall . <SEP> why ?
there are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end , and are spaced evenly round the body . <SEP> where ?
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) . <SEP> which game console ?
today most electric power is provided by steam turbines . <SEP> power of what ?
a method to lessen the magnitude of this heating and cooling was invented in 1804 by british engineer arthur woolf , who patented his woolf high-pressure compound engine in 1805. in the compound engine , high-pressure steam from the boiler expands in a high-pressure ( hp ) cylinder and then enters one or more subsequent lower-pressure ( lp ) cylinders . <SEP> who ?
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin . <SEP> what ?
from 1530 a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from tyneside to newcastle quayside , giving a monopoly in the coal trade to a cartel of newcastle burgesses known as the hostmen . <SEP> what ?
in groener v minister for education the court of justice accepted that a requirement to speak gaelic to teach in a dublin design college could be justified as part of the public policy of promoting the irish language , but only if the measure was not disproportionate . <SEP> what language ?
céloron threatened " old briton " with severe consequences if he continued to trade with the british . <SEP> how ?
the collection includes the earliest known piece of english silver with a dated hallmark , a silver gilt beaker dated 1496–97 . <SEP> to which year ?
it is generally agreed within the legal community , and is often believed within the activist community , that a suspect 's talking to criminal investigators can serve no useful purpose , and may be harmful . <SEP> what ?
on 10 january 1943 , new york city mayor fiorello la guardia read a eulogy written by slovene-american author louis adamic live over the wnyc radio while violin pieces " ave maria " and " tamo daleko " were played in the background . <SEP> who ?
in 2009 , doctor who was voted the 3rd greatest show of the 2000s by channel 4 , behind top gear and the apprentice . <SEP> in what year ?
stratigraphers also analyze data from geophysical surveys that show the locations of stratigraphic units in the subsurface . <SEP> what type of surveys ?
for antiparallel spins the position variables must be symmetric ( i.e . <SEP> what ?
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier . <SEP> who ?
oxygen was liquified in stable state for the first time on march 29 , 1883 by polish scientists from jagiellonian university , zygmunt wróblewski and karol olszewski . <SEP> on what date ?
any member can put their name forward to be first minister , and a vote is taken by all members of parliament . <SEP> who ?
in 1970 , the fcc voted to pass the financial interest and syndication rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any of the prime time programming that they broadcast . <SEP> in what year ?
in the egyptian parliamentary election , 2011–2012 , the political parties identified as " islamist " ( the brotherhood 's freedom and justice party , salafi al-nour party and liberal islamist al-wasat party ) won 75 % of the total seats . <SEP> what percentage of seats ?
on 31 october 1517 , luther wrote to his bishop , albert of mainz , protesting the sale of indulgences . <SEP> who ?
charles i was imprisoned in newcastle by the scots in 1646–7 . <SEP> who ?
an islamist movement influenced by salafism and the jihad in afghanistan , as well as the muslim brotherhood , was the fis or front islamique de salut ( the islamic salvation front ) in algeria . <SEP> where ?
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks . <SEP> what ?
in education , teachers facilitate student learning , often in a school or academy or perhaps in another environment such as outdoors . <SEP> where ?
the number of chloroplasts per cell varies from 1 in algae up to 100 in plants like arabidopsis and wheat . <SEP> how many chloroplasts per cell ?
by the early 20th century , mathematicians began to accept that 1 is not a prime number , but rather forms its own special category as a " unit " . <SEP> what type of number ?
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill . <SEP> what sort of continental sculptors ?
it was a key event in the history of ac power , as westinghouse demonstrated the safety , reliability , and efficiency of a fully integrated alternating current system to the american public . <SEP> what type of power ?
on 7 january 1943 , at the age of 86 , tesla died alone in room 3327 of the new yorker hotel . <SEP> how old ?
the report , a two-page statement of the university 's policy in " social and political action , " declared that " to perform its mission in the society , a university must sustain an extraordinary environment of freedom of inquiry and maintain an independence from political fashions , passions , and pressures . " <SEP> how many pages ?
following the conservative victory in the 2015 uk election , standing orders of the house of commons were changed to give mps representing english constituencies a new " veto " over laws only affecting england . <SEP> which country ?
in 1542 , luther read a latin translation of the qur'an . <SEP> what book ?
the adoption of laws which will have legal effect in the european union must have a proper legal basis . <SEP> what ?
an extended lunar module weighed over 36,200 pounds ( 16,400 kg ) , and allowed surface stays of over 3 days . <SEP> how long ?
in 2005 , clergy credentials were removed from irene elizabeth stroud after she was convicted in a church trial of violating church law by engaging in a lesbian relationship ; this conviction was later upheld by the judicial council , the highest court in the denomination . <SEP> in what year ?
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications . <SEP> who ?
he promptly awarded their elected leader , william iron arm , with the title of count in his capital of melfi . <SEP> who ?
abc has also aired the miss america pageant from 1954 to 1956 , 1997 to 2005 ( with the television rights being assumed by cable channel tlc in 2006 , when the pageant moved from its longtime homebase in atlantic city to las vegas , before returning to atlantic city in 2013 ) and since 2011. under its current contract with the miss america organization , abc will continue to broadcast the pageant through 2016 . <SEP> when ?
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america . <SEP> what rainforest ?
in the early 1970s , michael eisner , who joined abc in 1966 , became the network 's program development manager . <SEP> when ?
because the haptophyte chloroplast has four membranes , tertiary endosymbiosis would be expected to create a six membraned chloroplast , adding the haptophyte 's cell membrane and the dinophyte 's phagosomal vacuole . <SEP> what ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> what team ?
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes . <SEP> how many individual libraries ?
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health . <SEP> to what place ?
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many panthers defense players ?
another factor in the early 1990s that worked to radicalize the islamist movement was the gulf war , which brought several hundred thousand us and allied non-muslim military personnel to saudi arabian soil to put an end to saddam hussein 's occupation of kuwait . <SEP> whose occupation of kuwait ?
the english name " normans " comes from the french words normans/normanz , plural of normant , modern french normand , which is itself borrowed from old low franconian nortmann " northman " or directly from old norse norðmaðr , latinized variously as nortmannus , normannus , or nordmannus ( recorded in medieval latin , 9th century ) to mean " norseman , viking " . <SEP> when ?
this combination of structures enables lobates to feed continuously on suspended planktonic prey . <SEP> what ?
the rhine is the longest river in germany . <SEP> where ?
references to doctor who have also appeared in the young adult fantasy novels brisingr and high wizardry , the video game rock band , the soap opera eastenders , the adult swim comedy show robot chicken , the family guy episodes " blue harvest " and " 420 " , and the game runescape . <SEP> which ?
although kenya is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region , manufacturing still accounts for only 14 % of the gdp . <SEP> what country ?
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) . <SEP> when ?
in the triplet form , o 2 molecules are paramagnetic . <SEP> what magnetic character ?
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 . <SEP> what ?
in 2010 , peter davison , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and paul mcgann came together again to star in the audio drama the four doctors . <SEP> which doctors ?
according to the secret history of the mongols genghis khan fell from his horse while hunting and died because of the injury . <SEP> what ?
many types of turing machines are used to define complexity classes , such as deterministic turing machines , probabilistic turing machines , non-deterministic turing machines , quantum turing machines , symmetric turing machines and alternating turing machines . <SEP> what ?
although by 1000 ce , the germanic conquest of central , western , and southern europe ( west of and including italy ) was complete , excluding only muslim iberia . <SEP> what ?
the most important of these was the swynnerton plan , which was used to both reward loyalists and punish mau mau . <SEP> what ?
millionaire ended its run on the network 's primetime lineup after three years in 2002 , with buena vista television relaunching the show as a syndicated program ( under that incarnation 's original host meredith vieira ) in september of that year . <SEP> what company ?
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit . <SEP> when ?
decision problems are one of the central objects of study in computational complexity theory . <SEP> what kind of problems ?
as well as period rooms , the collection includes parts of buildings , for example the two top stories of the facade of sir paul pindar 's house dated c1600 from bishopsgate with elaborately carved wood work and leaded windows , a rare survivor of the great fire of london , there is a brick portal from a london house of the english restoration period and a fireplace from the gallery of northumberland house . <SEP> when ?
his poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments . <SEP> how ?
during this time , the discovery of oil in the north sea and the following " it 's scotland 's oil " campaign of the scottish national party ( snp ) resulted in rising support for scottish independence , as well as the snp . <SEP> which sea ?
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species . <SEP> how many kilometers of acres of the ecuadorian rainforest ?
tesla could be harsh at times and openly expressed disgust for overweight people , such as when he fired a secretary because of her weight . <SEP> who ?
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 . <SEP> what ?
the plague repeatedly returned to haunt europe and the mediterranean throughout the 14th to 17th centuries . <SEP> when ?
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism . <SEP> what famous composer ?
if angiosperm shoots are not exposed to the required light for chloroplast formation , proplastids may develop into an etioplast stage before becoming chloroplasts . <SEP> what ?
a site was chosen in houston , texas , on land donated by rice university , and administrator webb announced the conversion on september 19 , 1961. it was also clear nasa would soon outgrow its practice of controlling missions from its cape canaveral air force station launch facilities in florida , so a new mission control center would be included in the msc . <SEP> what university ?
galileo constructed an experiment in which stones and cannonballs were both rolled down an incline to disprove the aristotelian theory of motion early in the 17th century . <SEP> who ?
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza . <SEP> which descendant of genghis khan ?
successive projects encouraged the commercialisation of legumes , by stimulating the growth of local seed production and agro-dealer networks for distribution and marketing . <SEP> how ?
bbc north east and cumbria is located to the north of the city on barrack road , spital tongues , in a building known , as the result of its colouring , as the pink palace . <SEP> why ?
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig . <SEP> what prestigious legal scholars ?
they expressed regret for " the poor application of well-established ipcc procedures in this instance " . <SEP> what ?
the unproven riemann hypothesis , dating from 1859 , states that except for s = −2 , −4 , ... , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 . <SEP> when ?
if they enter less dense brackish water , the ciliary rosettes in the body cavity may pump this into the mesoglea to increase its bulk and decrease its density , to avoid sinking . <SEP> what ?
then after an incompletion , thomas davis tackled anderson for a 1-yard gain on third down , forcing denver to settle for a 3–0 lead on a brandon mcmanus 34-yard field goal . <SEP> who ?
2013 economics nobel prize winner robert j. shiller said that rising inequality in the united states and elsewhere is the most important problem . <SEP> what ?
an important decision for civil disobedients is whether or not to plead guilty . <SEP> what ?
