even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " . <SEP> who ?
in 1972 , richard karp took this idea a leap forward with his landmark paper , " reducibility among combinatorial problems " , in which he showed that 21 diverse combinatorial and graph theoretical problems , each infamous for its computational intractability , are np-complete . <SEP> how many ?
his railing against the sale of indulgences was based on it . <SEP> what ?
in ring theory , the notion of number is generally replaced with that of ideal . <SEP> in what theory ?
begter , temujin 's older half-brother , began to exercise the power of the eldest male in the family and eventually temujin 's mother hoelun ( not begter 's mother ) would have to accept him as her husband if and when he became an adult . <SEP> which of temüjin 's brothers ?
in afghanistan , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviet union in the 1980s did not lead to justice and prosperity , due to a vicious and destructive civil war between political and tribal warlords , making afghanistan one of the poorest countries on earth . <SEP> what type of civil war ?
this is why , for example , astronauts experience weightlessness when in free-fall orbit around the earth , and why newton 's laws of motion are more easily discernible in such environments . <SEP> what ?
harvard 's faculty includes scholars such as biologist e. o. wilson , cognitive scientist steven pinker , physicists lisa randall and roy glauber , chemists elias corey , dudley r. herschbach and george m. whitesides , computer scientists michael o. rabin and leslie valiant , shakespeare scholar stephen greenblatt , writer louis menand , critic helen vendler , historians henry louis gates , jr. and niall ferguson , economists amartya sen , n. gregory mankiw , robert barro , stephen a. marglin , don m. wilson iii and martin feldstein , political philosophers harvey mansfield , baroness shirley williams and michael sandel , fields medalist mathematician shing-tung yau , political scientists robert putnam , joseph nye , and stanley hoffmann , scholar/composers robert levin and bernard rands , astrophysicist alyssa a. goodman , and legal scholars alan dershowitz and lawrence lessig . <SEP> what prestigious legal scholars ?
melanocytes ) into tumors called melanomas . <SEP> what ?
luther taught that salvation and subsequently eternal life is not earned by good deeds but is received only as a free gift of god 's grace through faith in jesus christ as redeemer from sin . <SEP> how ?
continuing the style of the earlier buildings , various designers were responsible for the decoration , the terracotta embellishments were again the work of godfrey sykes , although sgraffito was used to decorate the east side of the building designed by f. w. moody , a final embellishment were the wrought iron gates made as late as 1885 designed by starkie gardner , these lead to a passage through the building . <SEP> what technique ?
on june 6 , 1951 , the tentative agreement was approved by upt 's board of directors . <SEP> when ?
abc news programming includes good morning america from 7:00 to 9:00 a.m. weekdays ( along with one-hour weekend editions ) ; nightly editions of abc world news tonight ( whose weekend editions are occasionally subject to abbreviation or preemption due to sports telecasts overrunning into the program 's timeslot ) , the sunday political talk show this week , early morning news programs world news now and america this morning and the late night newsmagazine nightline . <SEP> what times ?
dubbed skylab , it was constructed complete on the ground rather than in space , and launched in 1973 using the two lower stages of a saturn v. it was equipped with an apollo telescope mount , the solar telescope that would have been used on the apollo telescope missions . <SEP> that ?
for some decades prior to the first palestine intifada in 1987 , the muslim brotherhood in palestine took a " quiescent " stance towards israel , focusing on preaching , education and social services , and benefiting from israel 's " indulgence " to build up a network of mosques and charitable organizations . <SEP> until 1987 , what stance ?
as of 2005 , there were about 667,000 firms employing 1 million contractors ( 200,000 general contractors , 38,000 heavy , and 432,000 specialty ) ; the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees . <SEP> how many employees ?
in september 1958 , bank of america launched a new product called bankamericard in fresno . <SEP> what new product ?
in pakistan this islamization from above was " probably " more complete " than under any other regime except those in iran and sudan , " but zia-ul-haq was also criticized by many islamists for imposing " symbols " rather than substance , and using islamization to legitimize his means of seizing power . <SEP> what ?
in 1870 , tesla moved to karlovac , to attend school at the higher real gymnasium , where he was profoundly influenced by a math teacher martin sekulić . <SEP> who ?
nevertheless , his misguided agitation had the evil result that luther fatefully became one of the 'church fathers ' of anti-semitism and thus provided material for the modern hatred of the jews , cloaking it with the authority of the reformer . " <SEP> what ?
the region is home to about 2.5 million insect species , tens of thousands of plants , and some 2,000 birds and mammals . <SEP> how many species of insects ?
the emerging field of bioinformatics-based studies of immunogenicity is referred to as immunoinformatics . <SEP> what ?
firstly , certain costs are difficult to avoid and are shared by everyone , such as the costs of housing , pensions , education and health care . <SEP> how ?
on 28 february 2008 , kibaki and odinga signed an agreement on the formation of a coalition government in which odinga would become kenya 's second prime minister . <SEP> when ?
warsaw was occupied by germany from 4 august 1915 until november 1918. the allied armistice terms required in article 12 that germany withdraw from areas controlled by russia in 1914 , which included warsaw . <SEP> what ?
this is " adaptive " because it occurs during the lifetime of an individual as an adaptation to infection with that pathogen and prepares the immune system for future challenges . <SEP> the function of long-lived memory cells ?
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates . <SEP> what british prime minister advisor ?
the group has been designated a terrorist organisation by the united nations , the european union and member states , the united states , india , indonesia , turkey , saudi arabia , syria and other countries . <SEP> what ?
the funeral was held by his friends johannes bugenhagen and philipp melanchthon . <SEP> who ?
on april 21 , 2004 , disney announced a restructuring of its disney media networks division with anne sweeney being named president of abc parent disney–abc television group , and espn president george bodenheimer becoming co-ceo of the division with sweeney , as well as president of abc sports . <SEP> who ?
ögedei offered his nephew kublai a position in xingzhou , hebei . <SEP> what ?
the court has required that higher education , along with other forms of vocational training , should be more access , albeit with qualifying periods . <SEP> what ?
in the triplet form , o 2 molecules are paramagnetic . <SEP> what magnetic character ?
while a child was in school , a teacher was expected to act as a substitute parent , with all the normal forms of parental discipline open to them . <SEP> what types of discipline ?
increasingly the court of justice has taken the view that the specific goals of free trade are underpinned by the general aims of the treaty for improvement of people 's well being . <SEP> what entity ?
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since . <SEP> who ?
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " . <SEP> what term ?
on april 2 , 2009 , citadel communications announced that it would rebrand abc radio as citadel media ; however , abc news continued to provide news content for citadel . <SEP> what ?
on april 23 , 1968 , the united methodist church was created when the evangelical united brethren church ( represented by bishop reuben h. mueller ) and the methodist church ( represented by bishop lloyd christ wicke ) joined hands at the constituting general conference in dallas , texas . <SEP> when ?
if a plant is injured , or something else causes a plant cell to revert to a meristematic state , chloroplasts and other plastids can turn back into proplastids . <SEP> when ?
the racial makeup of the city was 50.2 % white , 8.4 % black or african american , 1.6 % native american , 11.2 % asian ( about a third of which is hmong ) , 0.1 % pacific islander , 23.4 % from other races , and 5.2 % from two or more races . <SEP> about how many of the asian population ?
nasa awarded all 32 of these astronauts its highest honor , the distinguished service medal , given for " distinguished service , ability , or courage " , and personal " contribution representing substantial progress to the nasa mission " . <SEP> what type of medal ?
the region is home to two extended metropolitan areas that exceed five million in population . <SEP> that ?
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world . <SEP> what ?
some autoimmune diseases such as lupus erythematosus strike women preferentially , and their onset often coincides with puberty . <SEP> what ?
immune systems appear even in the structurally most simple forms of life , with bacteria using a unique defense mechanism , called the restriction modification system to protect themselves from viral pathogens , called bacteriophages . <SEP> what ?
the " freedom to provide services " under tfeu article 56 applies to people who give services " for remuneration " , especially commercial or professional activity . <SEP> to who ?
the main difference is that heat addition ( in the boiler ) and rejection ( in the condenser ) are isobaric ( constant pressure ) processes in the rankine cycle and isothermal ( constant temperature ) processes in the theoretical carnot cycle . <SEP> what ?
lt col paul von lettow-vorbeck took command of the german military forces , determined to tie down as many british resources as possible . <SEP> who ?
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game . <SEP> who ?
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally . <SEP> what type of rally ?
edward the confessor had set up the aforementioned ralph as earl of hereford and charged him with defending the marches and warring with the welsh . <SEP> where ?
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram . <SEP> what ?
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city . <SEP> which of abc 's main production facilities ?
lately , there has been controversy in kenyan athletics circles , with the defection of a number of kenyan athletes to represent other countries , chiefly bahrain and qatar . <SEP> why ?
each sitting day , normally at 5 pm , msps decide on all the motions and amendments that have been moved that day . <SEP> what time ?
corliss , and later , poppet valve gears had separate admission and exhaust valves driven by trip mechanisms or cams profiled so as to give ideal events ; most of these gears never succeeded outside of the stationary marketplace due to various other issues including leakage and more delicate mechanisms . <SEP> along with poppet valve gears , what type of gears ?
like many cities in central and eastern europe , infrastructure in warsaw suffered considerably during its time as an eastern bloc economy – though it is worth mentioning that the initial three-year plan to rebuild poland ( especially warsaw ) was a major success , but what followed was very much the opposite . <SEP> what ?
the university now owns approximately fifty percent more land in allston than in cambridge . <SEP> how much more land ?
in his many notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon , he attributed the skin damage to various causes . <SEP> where ?
algorithms that use random bits are called randomized algorithms . <SEP> what ?
organizational interventions , like changing teachers ' schedules , providing support networks and mentoring , changing the work environment , and offering promotions and bonuses , may be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers . <SEP> what ?
any member can put their name forward to be first minister , and a vote is taken by all members of parliament . <SEP> who ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> who ?
the prime ideals of the ring of integers are the ideals ( 0 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 11 ) , … the fundamental theorem of arithmetic generalizes to the lasker–noether theorem , which expresses every ideal in a noetherian commutative ring as an intersection of primary ideals , which are the appropriate generalizations of prime powers . <SEP> which theorem ?
universal , warner brothers , and sony also run major record companies as well . <SEP> what ?
pro bowl linebacker von miller led the team with 11 sacks , forced four fumbles , and recovered three . <SEP> who ?
in october , 2007 , internet2 officially retired abilene and now refers to its new , higher capacity network as the internet2 network . <SEP> 
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> where ?
pharmacists provide direct patient care services that optimizes the use of medication and promotes health , wellness , and disease prevention . <SEP> what ?
inherited wealth may help explain why many americans who have become rich may have had a " substantial head start " . <SEP> what ?
they also settled elsewhere in kent , particularly sandwich , faversham and maidstone—towns in which there used to be refugee churches . <SEP> what other english towns ?
the delta is delimited in the west by the alter rhein ( " old rhine " ) and in the east by a modern canalized section . <SEP> what ?
many words , however , appear to be used exclusively in newcastle and the surrounding area , such as " canny " ( a versatile word meaning " good " , " nice " or " very " ) , " hacky " ( " dirty " ) , " netty " ( " toilet " ) , " hoy " ( " throw " , from the dutch gooien , via west frisian ) , " hockle " ( " spit " ) . <SEP> what ?
since the ipcc does not carry out its own research , it operates on the basis of scientific papers and independently documented results from other scientific bodies , and its schedule for producing reports requires a deadline for submissions prior to the report 's final release . <SEP> what ?
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs . <SEP> 
on 18 november 2015 , sky announced sky q , a range of products and services to be available in 2016. the sky q range consists of three set top boxes ( sky q , sky q silver and sky q mini ) , a broadband router ( sky q hub ) and mobile applications . <SEP> what ?
recent research has found a correlation between teacher enthusiasm and students ' intrinsic motivation to learn and vitality in the classroom . <SEP> what ?
as an example , income inequality did fall in the united states during its high school movement from 1910 to 1940 and thereafter . <SEP> during what time period ?
this biogeochemical cycle describes the movement of oxygen within and between its three main reservoirs on earth : the atmosphere , the biosphere , and the lithosphere . <SEP> in how many places ?
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 . <SEP> what ?
genghis khan ordered subutai and jebe to hunt him down , giving them 20,000 men and two years to do this . <SEP> who ?
their combined work informed the study of imperialism and it 's impact on europe , as well as contributed to reflections on the rise of the military-political complex in the united states from the 1950s . <SEP> when ?
similarly , the sieve of eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered a prime : a modified version of the sieve that considers 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of 1 ( that is , all other numbers ) and produce as output only the single number 1. furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function . <SEP> what ?
in 1599 the british east india company was established and was chartered by queen elizabeth in the following year . <SEP> when ?
most of its population is concentrated in the area surrounding port phillip bay , which includes the metropolitan area of its capital and largest city , melbourne , which is australia 's second-largest city . <SEP> what city ?
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " . <SEP> how sure ?
the church also holds that they " are equally bound to respect the sacredness of the life and well-being of the mother , for whom devastating damage may result from an unacceptable pregnancy . <SEP> 
due to its electronegativity , oxygen forms chemical bonds with almost all other elements to give corresponding oxides . <SEP> what characteristic of oxygen ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> how much ?
this was subsequently followed by more astra satellites as well as eutelsat 's eurobird 1 ( now eutelsat 33c ) at 28.5°e ) , enabled the company to launch a new all-digital service , sky , with the potential to carry hundreds of television and radio channels . <SEP> what satellite ?
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass . <SEP> which other film trailer ?
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal ( united states ) calendar of saints . <SEP> on what other calendar ?
sir charles lyell first published his famous book , principles of geology , in 1830. this book , which influenced the thought of charles darwin , successfully promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism . <SEP> which theory ?
the skin and respiratory tract secrete antimicrobial peptides such as the β-defensins . <SEP> what ?
sophomore , junior , and senior undergraduates live in twelve residential houses , nine of which are south of harvard yard along or near the charles river . <SEP> how many residential dorms house upper class , sophomore , jr , and sr ?
in contrast to images of frail catholic saints , luther was presented as a stout man with a " double chin , strong mouth , piercing deep-set eyes , fleshy face , and squat neck . " <SEP> in contrast how ?
the book of discipline also recognizes the importance of the chalcedonian creed of the council of chalcedon . <SEP> what book ?
he is looked upon positively by mongolians for his role in uniting warring tribes . <SEP> what ?
to date , an estimated 438,000 species of plants of economic and social interest have been registered in the region with many more remaining to be discovered or catalogued . <SEP> what ?
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver . <SEP> when ?
ironically , just such a failure happened on apollo 13 when an oxygen tank explosion left the command ship without electrical power . <SEP> what apollo mission ?
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) . <SEP> when ?
unemployment can harm growth not only because it is a waste of resources , but also because it generates redistributive pressures and subsequent distortions , drives people to poverty , constrains liquidity limiting labor mobility , and erodes self-esteem promoting social dislocation , unrest and conflict . <SEP> what ?
however , chivas were suspended following the 2014 mls season , with a second mls team scheduled to return in 2018 . <SEP> when ?
while the existence of these central government departments and the six ministries ( which had been introduced since the sui and tang dynasties ) gave a sinicized image in the yuan administration , the actual functions of these ministries also reflected how mongolian priorities and policies reshaped and redirected those institutions . <SEP> when ?
rhodoplasts have chlorophyll a and phycobilins for photosynthetic pigments ; the phycobilin phycoerytherin is responsible for giving many red algae their distinctive red color . <SEP> what ?
more than 50 % of this area is sown for wheat , 33 % for barley and 7 % for oats . <SEP> what percentage of farmland ?
southern california is divided culturally , politically , and economically into distinctive regions , each containing its own culture and atmosphere , anchored usually by a city with both national and sometimes global recognition , which are often the hub of economic activity for its respective region and being home to many tourist destinations . <SEP> what other kind of recognition ?
victorian farms produce nearly 90 % of australian pears and third of apples . <SEP> how much ?
in addition to certification , many educational institutions especially within the us , require that prospective teachers pass a background check and psychiatric evaluation to be able to teach in classroom . <SEP> in what country ?
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott . <SEP> which hotel ?
at that time , the nbc red network was the principal radio network in the united states and , according to the fcc , rca was using nbc blue to eliminate any hint of competition . <SEP> what ?
tesla served as a vice president of the american institute of electrical engineers , the forerunner ( along with the institute of radio engineers ) of the modern-day ieee , from 1892 to 1894 . <SEP> what ?
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay . <SEP> who ?
the medieval esteve pharmacy , located in llívia , a catalan enclave close to puigcerdà , also now a museum , dates back to the 15th century , keeping albarellos from the 16th and 17th centuries , old prescription books and antique drugs . <SEP> what ?
webb held firm , and issued a request for proposal to candidate lunar excursion module ( lem ) contractors . <SEP> what ?
there are many forms of spiritual or religious teachers in christianity , across all three major traditions - ( roman ) catholic , ( eastern ) orthodox catholic , and protestant/non-denominational , with a stronger tradition of spiritual formation in the more historic and authoritarian/hierarchical christian traditions with a long tradition of " discernment of spirits " , of vocations , and other aspects of spiritual life , especially the roman and orthodox catholic churches . <SEP> how many types of religious or spiritual teachers ?
nestorianism and roman catholicism also enjoyed a period of toleration . <SEP> what ?
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack . <SEP> when ?
for example , isaac newton unified the force responsible for objects falling at the surface of the earth with the force responsible for the orbits of celestial mechanics in his universal theory of gravitation . <SEP> who ?
cost engineers and estimators apply expertise to relate the work and materials involved to a proper valuation . <SEP> who ?
if a problem x is in c and hard for c , then x is said to be complete for c. this means that x is the hardest problem in c. ( since many problems could be equally hard , one might say that x is one of the hardest problems in c. ) thus the class of np-complete problems contains the most difficult problems in np , in the sense that they are the ones most likely not to be in p. because the problem p = np is not solved , being able to reduce a known np-complete problem , π2 , to another problem , π1 , would indicate that there is no known polynomial-time solution for π1 . <SEP> 
it is conjectured there are infinitely many primes of the form n2 + 1. these conjectures are special cases of the broad schinzel 's hypothesis h. brocard 's conjecture says that there are always at least four primes between the squares of consecutive primes greater than 2. legendre 's conjecture states that there is a prime number between n2 and ( n + 1 ) 2 for every positive integer n. it is implied by the stronger cramér 's conjecture . <SEP> what conjecture ?
michael mullett considers this speech as a " world classic of epoch-making oratory . " <SEP> what ?
sky+ hd material is broadcast using mpeg-4 and most of the hd material uses the dvb-s2 standard . <SEP> what ?
he strongly disputed the claim that freedom from god 's punishment for sin could be purchased with money . <SEP> what ?
in response to american aid to israel , on october 16 , 1973 , opec raised the posted price of oil by 70 % , to $ 5.11 a barrel . <SEP> why ?
scientists have attempted to observe chloroplast replication via electron microscopy since the 1970s . <SEP> how ?
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school . <SEP> what ?
the panthers seemed primed to score on their opening drive of the second half when newton completed a 45-yard pass to ted ginn jr. on the denver 35-yard line on their second offensive play . <SEP> who ?
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools . <SEP> which conference ?
the 17th century royal ujazdów castle currently houses centre for contemporary art , with some permanent and temporary exhibitions , concerts , shows and creative workshops . <SEP> what castle ?
luther 's translation used the variant of german spoken at the saxon chancellery , intelligible to both northern and southern germans . <SEP> which ?
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles . <SEP> when ?
juzjani claims that it was in response to hearing of these plans that genghis khan ordered his son secretly poisoned ; however , as sultan muhammad was already dead in 1223 , the accuracy of this story is questionable . <SEP> why ?
[ citation needed ] after decades of neglect and suburban flight , the neighborhood revival followed the re-opening of the tower theatre in the late 1970s , which at that time showed second and third run movies , along with classic films . <SEP> during what period ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> what ?
the region spans from pacific ocean islands , shorelines , beaches , and coastal plains , through the transverse and peninsular ranges with their peaks , into the large and small interior valleys , to the vast deserts of california . <SEP> 
although the spanish takeover of the louisiana territory ( which was not completed until 1769 ) had modest repercussions , the british takeover of spanish florida resulted in the westward migration of tribes that did not want to do business with the british , and a rise in tensions between the choctaw and the creek , historic enemies whose divisions the british at times exploited . <SEP> what natives ?
the final choice of lunar orbit rendezvous changed the csm 's role to the translunar ferry used to transport the crew , along with a new spacecraft , the lunar excursion module ( lem , later shortened to lunar module , lm ) which would take two men to the lunar surface and return them to the csm . <SEP> how many men ?
it has won the short form of the hugo award for best dramatic presentation , the oldest science fiction/fantasy award for films and series , six times ( every year since 2006 , except for 2009 , 2013 and 2014 ) . <SEP> how many times ?
the most authoritative account at the time came from the medical faculty in paris in a report to the king of france that blamed the heavens , in the form of a conjunction of three planets in 1345 that caused a " great pestilence in the air " . <SEP> who ?
watt 's ten-horsepower engines enabled a wide range of manufacturing machinery to be powered . <SEP> how many horsepower ?
:247 he was also critical of einstein 's theory of relativity , saying : <SEP> which theory of einstein 's ?
this technology gave european armies an advantage over their opponents , as armies in less-developed countries were still fighting with arrows , swords , and leather shields ( e.g . <SEP> which region ?
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen . <SEP> what ?
when there is a choice between several appropriate measures the least onerous must be adopted , and any disadvantage caused must not be disproportionate to the aims pursued . <SEP> which measure ?
archbishop albrecht of mainz and magdeburg did not reply to luther 's letter containing the 95 theses . <SEP> to whom ?
whilst the first minister chooses the ministers – and may decide to remove them at any time – the formal appointment or dismissal is made by the sovereign . <SEP> who ?
the " european council " ( rather than the council , made up of different government ministers ) is composed of the prime ministers or executive presidents of the member states . <SEP> what governing body ?
never formally revoked , it stopped being implemented after 1932. after world war ii , the soviet union installed socialist regimes modeled on those it had installed in 1919–20 in the old tsarist empire in areas its forces occupied in eastern europe . <SEP> when ?
kenyan athletes ( particularly kalenjin ) continue to dominate the world of distance running , although competition from morocco and ethiopia has reduced this supremacy . <SEP> who ?
agassiz 's perspective on science combined observation with intuition and the assumption that a person can grasp the " divine plan " in all phenomena . <SEP> 
it received a 5 % production cut in december , causing a panic . <SEP> what ?
in the 1910s , new york–based filmmakers were attracted to jacksonville 's warm climate , exotic locations , excellent rail access , and cheap labor . <SEP> who ?
the empire allied with germany in the early 20th century , with the imperial ambition of recovering its lost territories , but it dissolved in the aftermath of world war i , leading to the emergence of the new state of turkey in the ottoman anatolian heartland , as well as the creation of modern balkan and middle eastern states , thus ending turkish colonial ambitions . <SEP> who ?
in turkey , genghis khan is looked on as a great military leader , and it is popular for male children to carry his title as name . <SEP> which middle eastern country ?
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) . <SEP> which carolina panthers team member ?
in 1872 , the central pacific railroad established a station near easterby's—by now a hugely productive wheat farm—for its new southern pacific line . <SEP> in what year ?
near the end of his life , tesla walked to the park every day to feed the pigeons and even brought injured ones into his hotel room to nurse back to health . <SEP> to what place ?
the first commercially available audiobook was an abridged reading of the fourth doctor story state of decay in 1981. in 1988 , during a hiatus in the television show , slipback , the first radio drama , was transmitted . <SEP> what ?
each midsummer ’ s eve , apart from the official floating of wreaths , jumping over fires , looking for the fern flower , there are musical performances , dignitaries ' speeches , fairs and fireworks by the river bank . <SEP> what type of flower ?
the daleks are kaleds from the planet skaro , mutated by the scientist davros and housed in mechanical armour shells for mobility . <SEP> what scientist ?
in 1993 , galor and zeira showed that inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has a long lasting detrimental effect on human capital formation and economic development . <SEP> when ?
city records as far back as 1609 document the use of a crude form of a sea monster with a female upper body and holding a sword in its claws . <SEP> what ?
johnson 's expedition was better organized than shirley 's , which was noticed by new france 's governor , the marquis de vaudreuil . <SEP> who ?
it has bachelor 's degree programs in visual arts , music , and art history , and , more recently , cinema & media studies ( 1996 ) and theater & performance studies ( 2002 ) . <SEP> when ?
he also noted that the tin had increased in weight and that increase was the same as the weight of the air that rushed back in . <SEP> in what way ?
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters . <SEP> how many color ?
within southern california are two major cities , los angeles and san diego , as well as three of the country 's largest metropolitan areas . <SEP> of which state ?
josel of rosheim , the jewish spokesman who tried to help the jews of saxony in 1537 , later blamed their plight on " that priest whose name was martin luther—may his body and soul be bound up in hell ! —who wrote and issued many heretical books in which he said that whoever would help the jews was doomed to perdition . " <SEP> who ?
he was also ruthless , demonstrated by his tactic of measuring against the linchpin , used against the tribes led by jamukha . <SEP> which rival 's tribes ?
adaptive ( or acquired ) immunity creates immunological memory after an initial response to a specific pathogen , leading to an enhanced response to subsequent encounters with that same pathogen . <SEP> how ?
dc electricity must be used : if ac is used , the gases in each limb consist of hydrogen and oxygen in the explosive ratio 2:1. contrary to popular belief , the 2:1 ratio observed in the dc electrolysis of acidified water does not prove that the empirical formula of water is h2o unless certain assumptions are made about the molecular formulae of hydrogen and oxygen themselves . <SEP> what type of electric current ?
acute oxygen toxicity ( causing seizures , its most feared effect for divers ) can occur by breathing an air mixture with 21 % o 2 at 66 m or more of depth ; the same thing can occur by breathing 100 % o 2 at only 6 m . <SEP> what physical condition ?
the presiding officer also represents the scottish parliament at home and abroad in an official capacity . <SEP> who ?
throughout the lifetime of an animal , these memory cells remember each specific pathogen encountered and can mount a strong response if the pathogen is detected again . <SEP> 
the logo from 1973–80 was used for the third doctor 's final season and for the majority of the fourth doctor 's tenure . <SEP> which logo ?
fresno has three large public parks , two in the city limits and one in county land to the southwest . <SEP> how many large public parks ?
some scholars , such as mark u. edwards in his book luther 's last battles : politics and polemics 1531–46 ( 1983 ) , suggest that since luther 's increasingly antisemitic views developed during the years his health deteriorated , it is possible they were at least partly the product of a declining state of mind . <SEP> what ?
jacksonville also suffered damage from 2008 's tropical storm fay which crisscrossed the state , bringing parts of jacksonville under darkness for four days . <SEP> in what year ?
islamism favors the reordering of government and society in accordance with the shari ' a . <SEP> what goal ?
the success of this exhibition led to the planning of the festival of britain ( 1951 ) . <SEP> who ?
it is a unesco world heritage site ( 2002 ) and known as " the romantic rhine " , with more than 40 castles and fortresses from the middle ages and many quaint and lovely country villages . <SEP> what ?
innate immune defenses are non-specific , meaning these systems respond to pathogens in a generic way . <SEP> what ?
an amnesty granted in 1573 pardoned the perpetrators . <SEP> when ?
a study in england showed a 0.3 % prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional , a group that included priests , religious leaders , and case workers as well as teachers . <SEP> where ?
imperialism is defined as " a policy of extending a country ’ s power and influence through diplomacy or military force . " <SEP> 
the name fresno means " ash tree " in spanish , and an ash leaf is featured on the city 's flag . <SEP> what ?
the embargo had a negative influence on the us economy by causing immediate demands to address the threats to u.s. energy security . <SEP> what ?
the only other afc champion team to have worn white as the designated home team in the super bowl was the pittsburgh steelers ; they defeated the seattle seahawks 21–10 in super bowl xl 10 seasons prior . <SEP> who ?
systemic acquired resistance ( sar ) is a type of defensive response used by plants that renders the entire plant resistant to a particular infectious agent . <SEP> what ?
they lost money from the beginning , and sinback , a high-level marketing manager , was given the job of turning the business around . <SEP> 
the history of the steam engine stretches back as far as the first century ad ; the first recorded rudimentary steam engine being the aeolipile described by greek mathematician hero of alexandria . <SEP> who ?
preparatory schools in the uk prepare pupils aged up to 13 years old to enter public schools . <SEP> what age ?
as northwest europe slowly began to warm up from 22,000 years ago onward , frozen subsoil and expanded alpine glaciers began to thaw and fall-winter snow covers melted in spring . <SEP> when ?
luther adopted a preexisting johann walter tune associated with a hymnic setting of psalm 67 's prayer for grace ; wolf heintz 's four-part setting of the hymn was used to introduce the lutheran reformation in halle in 1541. preachers and composers of the 18th century , including j. s. bach , used this rich hymn as a subject for their own work , although its objective baptismal theology was displaced by more subjective hymns under the influence of late-19th-century lutheran pietism . <SEP> what famous composer ?
a conservative force that acts on a closed system has an associated mechanical work that allows energy to convert only between kinetic or potential forms . <SEP> what ?
warsaw 's first stock exchange was established in 1817 and continued trading until world war ii . <SEP> what ?
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm . <SEP> what ?
for example , in steymann v staatssecretaris van justitie , a german man claimed the right to residence in the netherlands , while he volunteered plumbing and household duties in the bhagwan community , which provided for everyone 's material needs irrespective of their contributions . <SEP> in which case ?
airing during the 1955–56 season , it showcased television adaptations of the 1942 films kings row and casablanca ; cheyenne ( adapted from the 1947 film wyoming kid ) ; sugarfoot ( a remake of the 1954 film the boy from oklahoma ) ; and maverick . <SEP> what program for abc ?
the galleries overlooking the garden are arranged by theme , tomb sculpture , portraiture , garden sculpture and mythology . <SEP> how ?
in 2006 , a toxic waste spill off the coast of côte d'ivoire , from a european ship , prompted the commission to look into legislation against toxic waste . <SEP> in which year ?
temperature extremes recorded at newcastle weather centre include 32.5 °c ( 90.5 °f ) during august 1990 down to −12.6 °c ( 9.3 °f ) during january 1982. in contrast to other areas influenced by the gulf stream , such as inland scandinavia , newcastle has milder winters and cooler summers , similar to the remainder of the british isles . <SEP> when ?
as a result , xenoliths are older than the rock which contains them . <SEP> what ?
plastoglobuli ( singular plastoglobulus , sometimes spelled plastoglobule ( s ) ) , are spherical bubbles of lipids and proteins about 45–60 nanometers across . <SEP> what shape ?
euglenophyte chloroplasts have three membranes—it is thought that the membrane of the primary endosymbiont was lost , leaving the cyanobacterial membranes , and the secondary host 's phagosomal membrane . <SEP> which membrane ?
for some , imperialism designated a policy of idealism and philanthropy ; others alleged that it was characterized by political self-interest , and a growing number associated it with capitalist greed . <SEP> what ?
here the strong force acts indirectly , transmitted as gluons , which form part of the virtual pi and rho mesons , which classically transmit the nuclear force ( see this topic for more ) . <SEP> how ?
phagocytes generally patrol the body searching for pathogens , but can be called to specific locations by cytokines . <SEP> 
air did not play a role in phlogiston theory , nor were any initial quantitative experiments conducted to test the idea ; instead , it was based on observations of what happens when something burns , that most common objects appear to become lighter and seem to lose something in the process . <SEP> what characteristic due most items ?
seismologists can use the arrival times of seismic waves in reverse to image the interior of the earth . <SEP> what types of waves ?
occasionally , regular-series episodes will exceed the 45-minute run time ; notably , the episodes " journey 's end " from 2008 and " the eleventh hour " from 2010 exceeded an hour in length . <SEP> which episode in 2008 ?
the earliest recorded incidents of collective civil disobedience took place during the roman empire [ citation needed ] . <SEP> when ?
the largest single sensory feature is the aboral organ ( at the opposite end from the mouth ) . <SEP> what ?
nestorian graves dating to 1338–39 near lake issyk kul in kyrgyzstan have inscriptions referring to plague and are thought by many epidemiologists to mark the outbreak of the epidemic , from which it could easily have spread to china and india . <SEP> how old ?
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game . <SEP> how many years ?
in the 16th century , the beginning of the historical era , the region was inhabited by the mocama , a coastal subgroup of the timucua people . <SEP> what civilization ?
the most recent additions are a center in new delhi , india , which opened in 2014 , and a center in hong kong which opened in 2015 . <SEP> what year ?
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx . <SEP> which team ?
associating forces with vectors avoids such problems . <SEP> how ?
where professional and labor organizations can not limit the number of workers ) the workers wages will not be controlled by these organizations , or by the employer , but rather by the market . <SEP> what ?
some forms of civil disobedience , such as illegal boycotts , refusals to pay taxes , draft dodging , distributed denial-of-service attacks , and sit-ins , make it more difficult for a system to function . <SEP> 
notable extracurricular groups include the university of chicago college bowl team , which has won 118 tournaments and 15 national championships , leading both categories internationally . <SEP> what club ?
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants . <SEP> what color ?
in practice , equality and democracy are deficient because the elected representatives in the parliament can not initiate legislation against the commission 's wishes , citizens of smallest countries have ten times the voting weight in parliament as citizens of the largest countries , and " qualified majorities " or consensus of the council are required to legislate . <SEP> what ?
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return . <SEP> how many seasons ?
eicosanoids include prostaglandins that produce fever and the dilation of blood vessels associated with inflammation , and leukotrienes that attract certain white blood cells ( leukocytes ) . <SEP> that ?
the university 's main library is the regenstein library , which contains one of the largest collections of print volumes in the united states . <SEP> what ?
ronald berger writes that luther is credited with " germanizing the christian critique of judaism and establishing anti-semitism as a key element of german culture and national identity . " <SEP> who ?
other early benefactors included businessmen charles l. hutchinson ( trustee , treasurer and donor of hutchinson commons ) , martin a. ryerson ( president of the board of trustees and donor of the ryerson physical laboratory ) adolphus clay bartlett and leon mandel , who funded the construction of the gymnasium and assembly hall , and george c. walker of the walker museum , a relative of cobb who encouraged his inaugural donation for facilities . <SEP> what ?
the party with the highest quotient is awarded the seat , which is then added to its constituency seats in allocating the second seat . <SEP> what set ?
elie prioleau from the town of pons in france , was among the first to settle there . <SEP> what french town ?
many became exaptations , taking on new functions like participating in cell division , protein routing , and even disease resistance . <SEP> what new tasks ?
as of 2014 , the logo used for the third and eighth doctors is the primary logo used on all media and merchandise relating to past doctors , and the current doctor who logo is used for all merchandise relating to the current doctor . <SEP> what logo ?
excellent job opportunities are expected as retirements , especially among secondary school teachers , outweigh slowing enrollment growth ; opportunities will vary by geographic area and subject taught . <SEP> what types of teachers ?
throughout the centuries , the kenyan coast has played host to many merchants and explorers . <SEP> where ?
as an incentive for absolute obedience and following his rule of law , the yassa code , temüjin promised civilians and soldiers wealth from future possible war spoils . <SEP> what ?
for instance p ⊆ np ⊆ pp ⊆ pspace , but it is possible that p = pspace . <SEP> what ?
these façades surround four levels of galleries . <SEP> how many levels of galleries ?
the logo also deviates from the template by featuring large numerals , colored in gold , behind the vince lombardi trophy , instead of underneath and in silver as in the standard logo . <SEP> what color ?
as of 2004 , an estimated 32,463 farms occupied around 136,000 square kilometres ( 52,500 sq mi ) of victorian land . <SEP> how much land ?
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt . <SEP> who ?
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 . <SEP> what ?
some civil disobedients , such as the proprietors of illegal medical cannabis dispensaries and voice in the wilderness , which brought medicine to iraq without the permission of the u.s. government , directly achieve a desired social goal ( such as the provision of medication to the sick ) while openly breaking the law . <SEP> what group of civil disobedients ?
between them , they settled on a 60-cycle ac current system tesla proposed ( to match the working frequency of tesla 's motor ) , although they soon found that , since tesla 's induction motor could only run at a constant speed , it would not work for street cars . <SEP> what cycle ac current system ?
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season . <SEP> what year ?
undergraduate courses at the university of chicago are known for their demanding standards , heavy workload and academic difficulty ; according to uni in the usa , " among the academic cream of american universities – harvard , yale , princeton , mit , and the university of chicago – it is uchicago that can most convincingly claim to provide the most rigorous , intense learning experience . " <SEP> what guide ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> who ?
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class . <SEP> what type of wages ?
what we now call gravity was not identified as a universal force until the work of isaac newton . <SEP> who ?
tvontario picked up the show in 1976 beginning with the three doctors and aired each series ( several years late ) through to series 24 in 1991. from 1979 to 1981 , tvo airings were bookended by science-fiction writer judith merril who would introduce the episode and then , after the episode concluded , try to place it in an educational context in keeping with tvo 's status as an educational channel . <SEP> what science fiction writer ?
as it approaches the dutch border , the rhine has an annual mean discharge of 2,290 m3/s ( 81,000 cu ft/s ) and an average width of 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) . <SEP> what ?
some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities . <SEP> 
over the next three years he deployed a series of papal theologians and envoys against luther , which served only to harden the reformer 's anti-papal theology . <SEP> what ?
the first item of business on wednesdays is usually time for reflection , at which a speaker addresses members for up to four minutes , sharing a perspective on issues of faith . <SEP> what day of the week ?
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " . <SEP> what ?
numerous non-fiction books about the series , including guidebooks and critical studies , have also been published , and a dedicated doctor who magazine with newsstand circulation has been published regularly since 1979. this is published by panini , as is the doctor who adventures magazine for younger fans . <SEP> who ?
their defeat by the swabian league at the battle of frankenhausen on 15 may 1525 , followed by müntzer 's execution , brought the revolutionary stage of the reformation to a close . <SEP> what event ?
the earliest known reference to immunity was during the plague of athens in 430 bc . <SEP> what even ?
they estimated that about half of all variation in homicide rates can be accounted for by differences in the amount of inequality in each province or state . <SEP> what ?
the only chloroplast structure that can considered analogous to it is the internal thylakoid system . <SEP> what chloroplast structure ?
many of the empire 's nomadic inhabitants considered themselves mongols in military and civilian life , including mongols , turks and others and included many diverse khans of various ethnicities as part of the mongol empire such as muhammad khan . <SEP> who ?
for example , dalton assumed that water 's formula was ho , giving the atomic mass of oxygen as 8 times that of hydrogen , instead of the modern value of about 16. in 1805 , joseph louis gay-lussac and alexander von humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen ; and by 1811 amedeo avogadro had arrived at the correct interpretation of water 's composition , based on what is now called avogadro 's law and the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules . <SEP> what element ?
prince albert appears within the main arch above the twin entrances , queen victoria above the frame around the arches and entrance , sculpted by alfred drury . <SEP> who ?
genghis khan recalled subutai back to mongolia soon afterwards , and jebe died on the road back to samarkand . <SEP> where ?
charles w. eliot , president 1869–1909 , eliminated the favored position of christianity from the curriculum while opening it to student self-direction . <SEP> what president ?
in science , alumni include astronomers carl sagan , a prominent contributor to the scientific research of extraterrestrial life , and edwin hubble , known for " hubble 's law " , nasa astronaut john m. grunsfeld , geneticist james watson , best known as one of the co-discoverers of the structure of dna , experimental physicist luis alvarez , popular environmentalist david suzuki , balloonist jeannette piccard , biologists ernest everett just and lynn margulis , computer scientist richard hamming , the creator of the hamming code , lithium-ion battery developer john b. goodenough , mathematician and fields medal recipient paul joseph cohen , and geochemist clair cameron patterson , who developed the uranium-lead dating method into lead-lead dating . <SEP> what geochemist ?
where school class sizes are typically 40 to 50 students , maintaining order in the classroom can divert the teacher from instruction , leaving little opportunity for concentration and focus on what is being taught . <SEP> what ?
victoria 's highest maximum temperature since world war ii , of 48.8 °c ( 119.8 °f ) was recorded in hopetoun on 7 february 2009 , during the 2009 southeastern australia heat wave . <SEP> when ?
the city has two universities — newcastle university and northumbria university . <SEP> how many universities ?
the earliest of these featured the fifth , sixth and seventh doctors , with paul mcgann 's eight doctor joining the line in 2001. tom baker 's fourth doctor began appearing for big finish in 2012. along with the main range , adventures of the first , second and third doctors have been produced in both limited cast and full cast formats , as well as audiobooks . <SEP> when ?
luther devised the catechism as a method of imparting the basics of christianity to the congregations . <SEP> what ?
) , and less complex than bilaterians ( which include almost all other animals ) . <SEP> 
the present building was begun in the 12th century and the last addition to it , apart from the vestries , was the main porch in 1726. it is quite possible that there was an earlier church here dating from saxon times . <SEP> what year ?
most are members of the international association of methodist-related schools , colleges , and universities . <SEP> 
council members are elected directly every four years . <SEP> how often ?
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line . <SEP> who ?
the capabilities approach – sometimes called the human development approach – looks at income inequality and poverty as form of “ capability deprivation ” . <SEP> what ?
rem sleep was discovered at the university in 1953 by nathaniel kleitman and eugene aserinsky . <SEP> when ?
students at the university of chicago run over 400 clubs and organizations known as recognized student organizations ( rsos ) . <SEP> how many clubs ?
edwards also comments that luther often deliberately used " vulgarity and violence " for effect , both in his writings condemning the jews and in diatribes against " turks " ( muslims ) and catholics . <SEP> what kind of affect ?
abc purchased sports programs , inc. in exchange for shares in the company , leading it to become the future core of abc sports , with arledge as the executive producer of that division 's shows . <SEP> which ?
in yuan poetry , the main development was the qu , which was used among other poetic forms by most of the famous yuan poets . <SEP> what form of poetry ?
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl . <SEP> how many ?
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports . <SEP> what role ?
notable companions from the earlier series included romana ( mary tamm and lalla ward ) , a time lady ; sarah jane smith ( elisabeth sladen ) ; and jo grant ( katy manning ) . <SEP> what ?
on the other hand , luther also points out that the ten commandments – when considered not as god 's condemning judgment but as an expression of his eternal will , that is , of the natural law – also positively teach how the christian ought to live . <SEP> what ?
the largest share of kenya 's electricity supply comes from hydroelectric stations at dams along the upper tana river , as well as the turkwel gorge dam in the west . <SEP> where ?
formed in 1946 , sierra sky park airport is a residential airport community born of a unique agreement in transportation law to allow personal aircraft and automobiles to share certain roads . <SEP> when ?
in response , the university became a major sponsor of a controversial urban renewal project for hyde park , which profoundly affected both the neighborhood 's architecture and street plan . <SEP> of what neighborhood ?
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world . <SEP> approximately how many items ?
however , on may 3 , 2013 , the florida legislature refused to approve the funding plan to pay for the renovations , dealing a significant blow to miami 's chances . <SEP> on what date ?
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) . <SEP> what ?
in addition , analysis of the medieval warm period cited reconstructions by crowley & lowery 2000 ( as cited in the tar ) and osborn & briffa 2006. ten of these 14 reconstructions covered 1,000 years or longer . <SEP> how many medieval warm period reconstructions ?
around 20 % of victorians claim no religion . <SEP> how many ?
granal thylakoids are pancake-shaped circular disks about 300–600 nanometers in diameter . <SEP> what shape ?
non-revolutionary civil disobedience is a simple disobedience of laws on the grounds that they are judged " wrong " by an individual conscience , or as part of an effort to render certain laws ineffective , to cause their repeal , or to exert pressure to get one 's political wishes on some other issue . <SEP> what ?
in response , teachers may concentrate their attention on motivated students , ignoring attention-seeking and disruptive students . <SEP> who ?
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells . <SEP> where ?
when the methodists in america were separated from the church of england , john wesley himself provided a revised version of the book of common prayer called the sunday service of the methodists in north america . <SEP> when ?
sky picked up the remaining four for £1.3bn . <SEP> how much ?
from this standpoint , for any given amount of wealth in society , a society with more equality will have higher aggregate utility . <SEP> what ?
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015. the previous chairs were rajendra k. pachauri , elected in may 2002 ; robert watson in 1997 ; and bert bolin in 1988. the chair is assisted by an elected bureau including vice-chairs , working group co-chairs , and a secretariat . <SEP> who ?
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285. thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307. temür khan decided to maintain and continue much of the work begun by his grandfather . <SEP> when ?
france concentrated its forces against prussia and its allies in the european theatre of the war . <SEP> where ?
these animals possess a large array of molecules called variable lymphocyte receptors ( vlrs ) that , like the antigen receptors of jawed vertebrates , are produced from only a small number ( one or two ) of genes . <SEP> what ?
by the late 19th century scientists realized that air could be liquefied , and its components isolated , by compressing and cooling it . <SEP> by what ?
pharmacists in this area are trained to participate in medication management system development , deployment and optimization . <SEP> what ?
as well as period rooms , the collection includes parts of buildings , for example the two top stories of the facade of sir paul pindar 's house dated c1600 from bishopsgate with elaborately carved wood work and leaded windows , a rare survivor of the great fire of london , there is a brick portal from a london house of the english restoration period and a fireplace from the gallery of northumberland house . <SEP> 
jamukha escaped during the conflict . <SEP> who ?
the fso car factory was established in 1951. a number of vehicles have been assembled there over the decades , including the warszawa , syrena , fiat 125p ( under license from fiat , later renamed fso 125p when the license expired ) and the polonez . <SEP> when ?
such exemplary saints include martyrs , confessors of the faith , evangelists , or important biblical figures such as saint matthew , lutheran theologian and martyr to the nazis dietrich bonhoeffer , salvation army founder william booth , african missionary david livingstone and methodism 's revered founder john wesley are among many cited as protestant saints . <SEP> who ?
under conditions such as high atmospheric co2 concentrations , these starch grains may grow very large , distorting the grana and thylakoids . <SEP> what ?
france fought and lost a bitter war in vietnam in the 1950s . <SEP> where ?
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) . <SEP> to which sport ?
the network 's troubles with sustaining existing series and gaining new hits spilled over into its 2010–11 schedule : abc 's dramas during that season continued to fail , with the midseason forensic investigation drama body of proof being the only one that was renewed for a second season . <SEP> what ?
construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser , while construction typically takes place on location for a known client . <SEP> what ?
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek . <SEP> what ?
four of the sororities are members of the national panhellenic conference , and ten of the fraternities form the university of chicago interfraternity council . <SEP> how many fraternities ?
also , with the advent of the internet , many teachers are now selling their lesson plans to other teachers through the web in order to earn supplemental income , most notably on teacherspayteachers.com . <SEP> what website ?
clergy are members of their annual conference rather than of any local congregation , and are appointed to a local church or other charge annually by the conference 's resident bishop at the meeting of the annual conference . <SEP> 
later in the summer , kenyatta visited china at the invitation of president xi jinping after a stop in russia and not having visited the united states as president . <SEP> where ?
his calendar , the shoushi li ( 授時暦 ) or calendar for fixing the seasons , was disseminated in 1281 as the official calendar of the yuan dynasty . <SEP> what ?
the input is an arbitrary graph . <SEP> what kind of graph ?
the unproven riemann hypothesis , dating from 1859 , states that except for s = −2 , −4 , ... , all zeroes of the ζ-function have real part equal to 1/2 . <SEP> when ?
faults are younger than the rocks they cut ; accordingly , if a fault is found that penetrates some formations but not those on top of it , then the formations that were cut are older than the fault , and the ones that are not cut must be younger than the fault . <SEP> that ?
since the 1920s , motion pictures , petroleum and aircraft manufacturing have been major industries . <SEP> 
their defeat by the swabian league at the battle of frankenhausen on 15 may 1525 , followed by müntzer 's execution , brought the revolutionary stage of the reformation to a close . <SEP> who ?
dubbed skylab , it was constructed complete on the ground rather than in space , and launched in 1973 using the two lower stages of a saturn v. it was equipped with an apollo telescope mount , the solar telescope that would have been used on the apollo telescope missions . <SEP> when ?
more recently , seismologists have been able to create detailed images of wave speeds inside the earth in the same way a doctor images a body in a ct scan . <SEP> 
citizenship of the eu has increasingly been seen as a " fundamental " status of member state nationals by the court of justice , and has accordingly increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move . <SEP> what ?
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) . <SEP> what ?
in 2002 , the museum acquired the costiff collection of 178 vivienne westwood costumes . <SEP> what costumes collection ?
thanks to numerous musical venues , including the teatr wielki , the polish national opera , the chamber opera , the national philharmonic hall and the national theatre , as well as the roma and buffo music theatres and the congress hall in the palace of culture and science , warsaw hosts many events and festivals . <SEP> where ?
persons who are addicted to pornography are physiologically altered , as is their perspective , relationships with parishioners and family , and their perceptions of girls and women . " <SEP> who ?
the building was designed by architects marek budzyński and zbigniew badowski and opened on 15 december 1999. it is surrounded by green . <SEP> what profession ?
their competitors will take advantage of the situation by offering a higher wage the best of their labor . <SEP> how ?
once a pathogen has been engulfed by a phagocyte , it becomes trapped in an intracellular vesicle called a phagosome , which subsequently fuses with another vesicle called a lysosome to form a phagolysosome . <SEP> when ?
the current 8–4–4 system was launched in january 1985. it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector . <SEP> when ?
ms kücükdeveci worked for 10 years , from age 18 to 28 , for swedex gmbh & co kg before her dismissal . <SEP> how long ?
however , over the past decade warsaw has seen many improvements due to solid economic growth , an increase in foreign investment as well as funding from the european union . <SEP> why ?
:32 the classes were held in german , as it was a school within the austro-hungarian military frontier . <SEP> in what language ?
they are divided into four classes ( type i – iv ) based on the mechanisms involved and the time course of the hypersensitive reaction . <SEP> how many classes of immune hypersensitivity ?
coincidentally , both teams were coached by john fox in their last super bowl appearance prior to super bowl 50 . <SEP> who ?
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> what ?
the united methodist church maintains that war is incompatible with christ 's message and teachings . <SEP> with what ?
the ucla bruins and the usc trojans both field teams in ncaa division i in the pac-12 conference , and there is a longtime rivalry between the schools . <SEP> what ?
the peridinin chloroplast is bounded by three membranes ( occasionally two ) , having lost the red algal endosymbiont 's original cell membrane . <SEP> what ?
it has remained an important swahili settlement since the 14th century and once rivalled mombasa for dominance in the african great lakes region . <SEP> when ?
internet2 is a not-for-profit united states computer networking consortium led by members from the research and education communities , industry , and government . <SEP> what ?
during the american civil war , jacksonville was a key supply point for hogs and cattle being shipped from florida to aid the confederate cause . <SEP> 
the earth 's crustal rock is composed in large part of oxides of silicon ( silica sio 2 , as found in granite and quartz ) , aluminium ( aluminium oxide al 2o 3 , in bauxite and corundum ) , iron ( iron ( iii ) oxide fe 2o 3 , in hematite and rust ) , and calcium carbonate ( in limestone ) . <SEP> what geologic feature ?
the three most important aspects of teacher enthusiasm are enthusiasm about teaching , enthusiasm about the students , and enthusiasm about the subject matter . <SEP> what ?
the united methodist church ( umc ) is a mainline protestant methodist denomination . <SEP> what ?
the plugs-out test began on the morning of january 27 , 1967 , and immediately was plagued with problems . <SEP> when ?
abc originally launched on october 12 , 1943 as a radio network , separated from and serving as the successor to the nbc blue network , which had been purchased by edward j. noble . <SEP> when ?
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy . <SEP> who ?
in wesel , 30 km downstream of duisburg , is located the western end of the second east-west shipping route , the wesel-datteln canal , which runs parallel to the lippe . <SEP> what ?
the french composer olivier messiaen used prime numbers to create ametrical music through " natural phenomena " . <SEP> which french composer ?
the tardis has a " chameleon circuit " which normally allows the machine to take on the appearance of local objects as a disguise . <SEP> what feature ?
while most internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs and require a valid prescription , some internet pharmacies sell prescription drugs without requiring a prescription . <SEP> what ?
for example , the authority of the yuan legal system , the ministry of justice , did not extend to legal cases involving mongols and semuren , who had separate courts of justice . <SEP> who ?
longer term plans include the procurement of an entirely new fleet of trains and further extensions to the system . <SEP> what ?
although united methodist practices and interpretation of beliefs have evolved over time , these practices and beliefs can be traced to the writings of the church 's founders , especially john wesley and charles wesley ( anglicans ) , but also philip william otterbein and martin boehm ( united brethren ) , and jacob albright ( evangelical association ) . <SEP> who ?
as it approaches the dutch border , the rhine has an annual mean discharge of 2,290 m3/s ( 81,000 cu ft/s ) and an average width of 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) . <SEP> how much ?
[ citation needed ] industry and manufacturing is the smallest sector , accounting for 16 % of gdp . <SEP> what ?
most influential among these was the definition of turing machines by alan turing in 1936 , which turned out to be a very robust and flexible simplification of a computer . <SEP> what ?
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch . <SEP> where ?
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> what civil rights movement in the us ?
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications . <SEP> who ?
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower . <SEP> what year ?
as the designated home team in the annual rotation between afc and nfc teams , the broncos elected to wear their road white jerseys with matching white pants . <SEP> who ?
along with advancements in communication , europe also continued to advance in military technology . <SEP> what advancements besides military technology ?
over the course of the decade , more than 30 silent film studios were established , earning jacksonville the title of " winter film capital of the world " . <SEP> 
to date , an estimated 438,000 species of plants of economic and social interest have been registered in the region with many more remaining to be discovered or catalogued . <SEP> how many plant species ?
this is termed cyclic photophosphorylation because the electrons are recycled . <SEP> in what process ?
parties entrust some msps , known as whips , with the task of ensuring that party members vote according to the party line . <SEP> who ?
in contrast , catastrophism is the theory that earth 's features formed in single , catastrophic events and remained unchanged thereafter . <SEP> which theory ?
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water . <SEP> which energy to ?
since 2011 warsaw gallery weekend is held on last weekend of september . <SEP> when ?
in his paper , he explained his theory that the earth must be much older than had previously been supposed in order to allow enough time for mountains to be eroded and for sediments to form new rocks at the bottom of the sea , which in turn were raised up to become dry land . <SEP> what ?
in 1529 , he wrote the large catechism , a manual for pastors and teachers , as well as a synopsis , the small catechism , to be memorised by the people themselves . <SEP> when ?
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible . <SEP> who ?
the innate response is usually triggered when microbes are identified by pattern recognition receptors , which recognize components that are conserved among broad groups of microorganisms , or when damaged , injured or stressed cells send out alarm signals , many of which ( but not all ) are recognized by the same receptors as those that recognize pathogens . <SEP> 
in 1529 , warsaw for the first time became the seat of the general sejm , permanent from 1569. in 1573 the city gave its name to the warsaw confederation , formally establishing religious freedom in the polish–lithuanian commonwealth . <SEP> who ?
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime . <SEP> of what form ?
tesla 's theories on the possibility of the transmission by radio waves go back as far as lectures and demonstrations in 1893 in st. louis , missouri , the franklin institute in philadelphia , pennsylvania , and the national electric light association . <SEP> what philadelphia institution ?
the chloroplasts of some hornworts and algae contain structures called pyrenoids . <SEP> where ?
areas covered by conservator 's work include " preventive " conservation this includes : performing surveys , assessments and providing advice on the handling of items , correct packaging , mounting and handling procedures during movement and display to reduce risk of damaging objects . <SEP> what type of conservation ?
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines . <SEP> where ?
the book of discipline of the united methodist church directs the local church to offer membership preparation or confirmation classes to all people , including adults . <SEP> what directions the local church ?
watt 's original low-pressure designs were able to deliver duty as high as 25 million , but averaged about 17. this was a three-fold improvement over the average newcomen design . <SEP> what ?
this means that in a closed system of particles , there are no internal forces that are unbalanced . <SEP> in what kind of system of particles ?
the largest and southern main branch begins as waal and continues as boven merwede ( " upper merwede " ) , beneden merwede ( " lower merwede " ) , noord river ( " north river " ) , nieuwe maas ( " new meuse " ) , het scheur ( " the rip " ) and nieuwe waterweg ( " new waterway " ) . <SEP> what ?
u.s. defense secretary robert gates called for establishing something similar to the defunct u.s. information agency , which was charged with undermining the communist ideology during the cold war . <SEP> what ?
its saturn ib was allocated to the dual mission , now redesignated as-205/208 or as-258 , planned for august 1967. mcdivitt , scott and schweickart were promoted to the prime as-258 crew , and schirra , eisele and cunningham were reassigned as the apollo 1 backup crew . <SEP> what ?
currently , new jersey , rhode island and delaware are the only u.s. states where abc does not have a locally licensed affiliate ( new jersey is served by new york city o & o wabc-tv and philadelphia o & o wpvi-tv ; rhode island is served by new bedford , massachusetts-licensed wlne ; and delaware is served by wpvi and salisbury , maryland affiliate wmdt ) . <SEP> what ?
in 2014 , scientists with public health england announced the results of an examination of 25 bodies exhumed from the clerkenwell area of london , as well as of wills registered in london during the period , which supported the pneumonic hypothesis . <SEP> how many bodies ?
the statement was in latin , apart from " we are beggars , " which was in german . <SEP> in what language ?
although kenya is the biggest and most advanced economy in east and central africa , and has an affluent urban minority , it has a human development index ( hdi ) of 0.519 , ranked 145 out of 186 in the world . <SEP> what ?
except in the smallest of boilers the steam escape has little effect on dampening the fire . <SEP> what ?
the image of the tardis has become firmly linked to the show in the public 's consciousness ; bbc scriptwriter anthony coburn , who lived in the resort of herne bay , kent , was one of the people who conceived the idea of a police box as a time machine . <SEP> what ?
as of 2012 , quality private schools in the united states charged substantial tuition , close to $ 40,000 annually for day schools in new york city , and nearly $ 50,000 for boarding schools . <SEP> what ?
in immunology , self molecules are those components of an organism 's body that can be distinguished from foreign substances by the immune system . <SEP> what molecules ?
parliament elections , take place every five years , and votes for members of the european parliament in member states must be organised by proportional representation or a single transferable vote . <SEP> how often ?
turabi was noted for proclaiming his support for the democratic process and a liberal government before coming to power , but strict application of sharia law , torture and mass imprisonment of the opposition , and an intensification of the long-running war in southern sudan , once in power . <SEP> 
newcastle is a member of the english core cities group and is a member of the eurocities network of european cities . <SEP> what network ?
voters choose one member to represent the constituency , and the member with most votes is returned as a constituency msp . <SEP> how many members ?
since approximately 600,000 years ago , six major ice ages have occurred , in which sea level dropped 120 m ( 390 ft ) and much of the continental margins became exposed . <SEP> how far ?
while the maria skłodowska-curie institute of oncology it is one of the largest and most modern oncological institutions in europe . <SEP> what ?
the primary difference is the method by which the medications are requested and received . <SEP> what ?
on 31 october 1517 , luther wrote to his bishop , albert of mainz , protesting the sale of indulgences . <SEP> when ?
from this he surmised that nitroaereus is consumed in both respiration and combustion . <SEP> what ?
buddhism is the state 's largest non-christian religion , with 168,637 members as of the most recent census . <SEP> how many victorians ?
tesla 's entire estate from the hotel new yorker and other new york city hotels was transported to the manhattan storage and warehouse company under the office of alien property ( oap ) seal . <SEP> where ?
a high-gain s-band antenna was used for long-distance communications on the lunar flights . <SEP> what type of antenna ?
and the critically pilloried cop rock for abc earlier in the decade ) ; lasting ten seasons , the drama became known for its boundary pushing of network television standards ( particularly its occasional use of graphic language and rear nudity ) , which led some affiliates to initially refuse to air the show in its first season . <SEP> how many seasons ?
during detention , students normally have to sit in a classroom and do work , write lines or a punishment essay , or sit quietly . <SEP> what ?
there are approximately 22,000 objects in the collection that cover the period from about 400 ad to 1914. this covers among other periods byzantine and anglo saxon ivory sculptures , british , french and spanish medieval statues and carvings , the renaissance , baroque , neo-classical , victorian and art nouveau periods . <SEP> which time period ?
the university 's booth school of business maintains campuses in singapore , london , and the downtown streeterville neighborhood of chicago . <SEP> what other locations ?
one in five of all the bird species in the world live in the rainforests of the amazon , and one in five of the fish species live in amazonian rivers and streams . <SEP> what portion of bird species ?
a study by the american association of university women reported that 9.6 % of students in the united states claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education ; be they a volunteer , bus driver , teacher , administrator or other adult ; sometime during their educational career . <SEP> what ?
he intended his vigorous , direct language to make the bible accessible to everyday germans , " for we are removing impediments and difficulties so that other people may read it without hindrance . " <SEP> what group ?
it has offered a doctorate in music composition since 1933 and in cinema & media studies since 2000 , a master of fine arts in visual arts ( early 1970s ) , and a master of arts in the humanities with a creative writing track ( 2000 ) . <SEP> what year ?
other than the curriculum led learning , there are also national and public library services led by the kenya national library service ( knls ) . <SEP> who ?
he intended his vigorous , direct language to make the bible accessible to everyday germans , " for we are removing impediments and difficulties so that other people may read it without hindrance . " <SEP> what ?
at the time of their marriage , katharina was 26 years old and luther was 41 years old . <SEP> how old ?
another important monument , the statue of little insurgent located at the ramparts of the old town , commemorates the children who served as messengers and frontline troops in the warsaw uprising , while the impressive warsaw uprising monument by wincenty kućma was erected in memory of the largest insurrection of world war ii . <SEP> what monument ?
his father , milutin tesla , was a serbian orthodox priest . <SEP> what ?
in the modern industrialized world , construction usually involves the translation of designs into reality . <SEP> 
within 30 days , over 100,000 digiboxes had been sold , which help bolstered bskyb 's decision to give away free digiboxes and minidishes from may 1999 . <SEP> how many ?
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish . <SEP> what sea ?
though the british were later defeated at sainte foy in quebec , the french ceded canada in accordance with the 1763 treaty . <SEP> where ?
in february they launched a daring raid against the position across the frozen lake george , destroying storehouses and buildings outside the main fortification . <SEP> on what lake ?
individuals may rely on primary law in the court of justice of the european union if the treaty provisions have a direct effect and they are sufficiently clear , precise and unconditional . <SEP> under what instances ?
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram . <SEP> how long ?
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead . <SEP> who ?
the merger between abc and capital cities received federal approval on september 5 , 1985. after the abc/capital cities merger was finalized on january 3 , 1986 , the combined company – which became known as capital cities/abc , inc. – added four television stations ( wpvi-tv/philadelphia , ktrk-tv/houston , kfsn-tv/fresno and wtvd/raleigh ) and several radio stations to abc 's broadcasting portfolio , and also included fairchild publications and four newspapers ( including the kansas city star and fort worth star-telegram ) . <SEP> what ?
generally speaking , while all member states recognise that eu law takes primacy over national law where this agreed in the treaties , they do not accept that the court of justice has the final say on foundational constitutional questions affecting democracy and human rights . <SEP> what ?
at the same time he made attempts to help grow abc , goldenson had been trying since mid-1953 to provide content for the network by contacting his old acquaintances in hollywood , with whom he had worked when upt was a subsidiary of paramount pictures . <SEP> of what ?
competition amongst workers tends to drive down wages due to the expendable nature of the worker in relation to his or her particular job . <SEP> why ?
the fourth yuan emperor , buyantu khan ( ayurbarwada ) , was a competent emperor . <SEP> who ?
the jewellery collection , containing over 6000 items is one of the finest and most comprehensive collections of jewellery in the world and includes works dating from ancient egypt to the present day , as well as jewellery designs on paper . <SEP> from which ancient civilization ?
the bond can be variously described based on level of theory , but is reasonably and simply described as a covalent double bond that results from the filling of molecular orbitals formed from the atomic orbitals of the individual oxygen atoms , the filling of which results in a bond order of two . <SEP> how ?
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude . <SEP> how many tons of saharan dust ?
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game . <SEP> when ?
rubisco has a problem—it has trouble distinguishing between carbon dioxide and oxygen , so at high oxygen concentrations , rubisco starts accidentally adding oxygen to sugar precursors . <SEP> what ?
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude . <SEP> how much dust ?
chen 's theorem says that every sufficiently large even number can be expressed as the sum of a prime and a semiprime , the product of two primes . <SEP> which theorem states ?
they also spread beyond europe to the dutch cape colony in south africa , the dutch east indies , the caribbean , and several of the english colonies of north america , and quebec , where they were accepted and allowed to worship freely . <SEP> what area in modern-day canada ?
on 31 july 2013 , bskyb and microsoft announced their settlement , in which microsoft will not appeal the ruling , and will rename its skydrive cloud storage service after an unspecified " reasonable period of time to allow for an orderly transition to a new brand , " plus " financial and other terms , the details of which are confidential " . <SEP> what kind of service ?
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars . <SEP> who ?
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball . <SEP> who ?
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) . <SEP> what ?
she claimed that a population density of 0.2 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 0.52/sq mi ) is the maximum that can be sustained in the rainforest through hunting , with agriculture needed to host a larger population . <SEP> what ?
while their population centers were along the coast , the settlements were growing into the interior . <SEP> where ?
the resulting report , published in 1945 , was one of the most influential manifestos in the history of american education in the 20th century . <SEP> in what year of 20th century ?
in fall 2010 , the university of chicago also opened a center in beijing , near renmin university 's campus in haidian district . <SEP> in what year ?
as of march 2015 [ update ] , abc has eight owned-and-operated stations , and current and pending affiliation agreements with 235 additional television stations encompassing 49 states , the district of columbia , four u.s. possessions , bermuda and saba ; this makes abc the largest u.s. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates . <SEP> how many owned-and-operated stations ?
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution . <SEP> what ?
teachers are expected to respect their students ; sarcasm and attempts to humiliate pupils are seen as falling outside of what constitutes reasonable discipline . <SEP> what ?
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession . <SEP> why ?
professional sports teams in southern california include teams from the nfl ( los angeles rams , san diego chargers ) ; nba ( los angeles lakers , los angeles clippers ) ; mlb ( los angeles dodgers , los angeles angels of anaheim , san diego padres ) ; nhl ( los angeles kings , anaheim ducks ) ; and mls ( la galaxy ) . <SEP> what ?
tesla would then resume his work , often until 3:00 a.m. " :283 , 286 <SEP> how late ?
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524–25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name . <SEP> when ?
the french population numbered about 75,000 and was heavily concentrated along the st. lawrence river valley , with some also in acadia ( present-day new brunswick and parts of nova scotia , including île royale ( present-day cape breton island ) ) . <SEP> where ?
polonia 's home venue is located at konwiktorska street , a ten-minute walk north from the old town . <SEP> where ?
in 1896 , the university affiliated with shimer college in mount carroll , illinois . <SEP> what year ?
plotting the relationship between level of income and inequality , kuznets saw middle-income developing economies level of inequality bulging out to form what is now known as the kuznets curve . <SEP> who ?
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally . <SEP> how ?
he helped bring about ideas for many series including happy days ( which originated as a segment on the anthology series love , american style ) , as well as several soap operas ; however , eisner 's main credit at abc was for developing youth-oriented programming . <SEP> what ?
a series of religious conflicts followed , known as the wars of religion , fought intermittently from 1562 to 1598. the wars finally ended with the granting of the edict of nantes , which granted the huguenots substantial religious , political and military autonomy . <SEP> what ?
a geochemical component called kreep was discovered , which has no known terrestrial counterpart . <SEP> what new component ?
in 1964 all 15 of duval county 's public high schools lost their accreditation . <SEP> what ?
they hold the uk 's biggest national collection of material about live performance in the uk since shakespeare 's day , covering drama , dance , musical theatre , circus , music hall , rock and pop , and most other forms of live entertainment . <SEP> what collection ?
gatherings of thousands of people on the banks of the vistula on midsummer ’ s night for a festival called wianki ( polish for wreaths ) have become a tradition and a yearly event in the programme of cultural events in warsaw . <SEP> how ?
it is now used to jointly house the prints and architectural drawings of the v & a ( prints , drawings , paintings and photographs ) and royal institute of british architects ( riba drawings and archives collections ) ; and the sackler centre for arts education , which opened in 2008 . <SEP> what part of the v & a collection ?
water ( h2o ) and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) are used in photosynthesis , and sugar and oxygen ( o2 ) is made , using light energy . <SEP> what ?
on 12 january , two thousand people attended a state funeral for tesla at the cathedral of saint john the divine . <SEP> how many people ?
luther described this period of his life as one of deep spiritual despair . <SEP> how ?
chloroplasts , like mitochondria , contain their own dna , which is thought to be inherited from their ancestor—a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that was engulfed by an early eukaryotic cell . <SEP> how ?
teachers face several occupational hazards in their line of work , including occupational stress , which can negatively impact teachers ' mental and physical health , productivity , and students ' performance . <SEP> what ?
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night . <SEP> what day of the week ?
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing . <SEP> what ?
christians , he said , must not slacken in following christ on account of such false assurances . <SEP> what ?
the sedimentary rock can then be subsequently turned into a metamorphic rock due to heat and pressure and is then weathered , eroded , deposited , and lithified , ultimately becoming a sedimentary rock . <SEP> into which ?
in 1993 , the fcc repealed the financial interest and syndication rules , once again allowing networks to hold interests in television production studios . <SEP> when ?
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs . <SEP> what ?
however , proving lower bounds is much more difficult , since lower bounds make a statement about all possible algorithms that solve a given problem . <SEP> what ?
the adoption of laws which will have legal effect in the european union must have a proper legal basis . <SEP> what ?
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver . <SEP> when ?
in 1064 , during the war of barbastro , william of montreuil led the papal army and took a huge booty . <SEP> who ?
the date of 2035 has been correctly quoted by the ipcc from the wwf report , which has misquoted its own source , an icsi report " variations of snow and ice in the past and at present on a global and regional scale " . <SEP> what ?
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " . <SEP> in what year ?
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . ) <SEP> what ?
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped . <SEP> in what year ?
in 2006 tatiana kuplich organized the trees of the amazon into four categories : ( 1 ) mature forest , ( 2 ) regenerating forest [ less than three years ] , ( 3 ) regenerating forest [ between three and five years of regrowth ] , and ( 4 ) regenerating forest [ eleven to eighteen years of continued development ] . <SEP> who ?
he produced artificial lightning , with discharges consisting of millions of volts and up to 135 feet long . <SEP> what natural phenomenon ?
still , the denomination is pro-choice and also " was a founding member of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ... [ and ] 2008 general conference [ went ] on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice " . <SEP> 
all green parts of a plant contain chloroplasts—the chloroplasts , or more specifically , the chlorophyll in them are what make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green . <SEP> what ?
a new development in the ouseburn valley has recreated them ; architects cany ash and robert sakula were attracted by the possibilities of high density without building high and getting rid of common areas . <SEP> where ?
if the tops of the rock units within the folds remain pointing upwards , they are called anticlines and synclines , respectively . <SEP> 
in 999 , according to amatus of montecassino , norman pilgrims returning from jerusalem called in at the port of salerno when a saracen attack occurred . <SEP> when ?
the united states is divided into five jurisdictions : northeastern , southeastern , north central , south central and western . <SEP> into how many jurisdictions ?
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni . <SEP> what ?
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion ( due to fermionic nature of electrons ) follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects . <SEP> what ?
the theologians , including zwingli , melanchthon , martin bucer , and johannes oecolampadius , differed on the significance of the words spoken by jesus at the last supper : " this is my body which is for you " and " this cup is the new covenant in my blood " ( 1 corinthians 11:23–26 ) . <SEP> what point ?
westinghouse looked into getting a patent on a similar commutator-less , rotating magnetic field-based induction motor presented in a paper in march 1888 by the italian physicist galileo ferraris , but decided tesla 's patent would probably control the market . <SEP> what ?
the african great lakes region , which kenya is a part of , has been inhabited by humans since the lower paleolithic period . <SEP> how long ?
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves . <SEP> what ?
a study in 1999 found one square kilometer ( 247 acres ) of amazon rainforest can contain about 90,790 tonnes of living plants . <SEP> how many ?
phycobilins come in all colors , though phycoerytherin is one of the pigments that makes many red algae red . <SEP> what ?
during 1942 , pinedale , in what is now north fresno , was the site of the pinedale assembly center , an interim facility for the relocation of fresno area japanese americans to internment camps . <SEP> what ?
during his analysis of nineteenth-century cartographic techniques , he highlights the use of blank space to denote unknown or unexplored territory . <SEP> what ?
germanic tribes crossed the rhine in the migration period , by the 5th century establishing the kingdoms of francia on the lower rhine , burgundy on the upper rhine and alemannia on the high rhine . <SEP> when ?
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape . <SEP> 
at the 1996 general conference the ordination order of transitional deacon was abolished . <SEP> in what year ?
nbc , which had lagged behind abc for eight years , finished the season in first place in the 18–49 demographic for the first time since 2004 , and in second place in total viewership behind long-dominant cbs . <SEP> 
as fortnow & homer ( 2003 ) point out , the beginning of systematic studies in computational complexity is attributed to the seminal paper " on the computational complexity of algorithms " by juris hartmanis and richard stearns ( 1965 ) , which laid out the definitions of time and space complexity and proved the hierarchy theorems . <SEP> in what year ?
the area was originally inhabited by the timucua people , and in 1564 was the site of the french colony of fort caroline , one of the earliest european settlements in what is now the continental united states . <SEP> what ?
kenya is active in several sports , among them cricket , rallying , football , rugby union and boxing . <SEP> what sports ?
private schools in australia are always more expensive than their public counterparts . <SEP> what ?
manning and newton also set the record for the largest age difference between opposing super bowl quarterbacks at 13 years and 48 days ( manning was 39 , newton was 26 ) . <SEP> how old ?
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) . <SEP> when ?
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries . <SEP> whose portrait by françois clouet ?
after kenya 's independence on 12 december 1963 , an authority named the ominde commission was formed to introduce changes that would reflect the nation 's sovereignty . <SEP> when ?
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " . <SEP> what term ?
according to geographic scholars under colonizing empires , the world could be split into climatic zones . <SEP> who ?
:116 thus it can be said that imperialism includes some form of colonialism , but colonialism itself does not automatically imply imperialism , as it lacks a political focus . <SEP> what ?
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased . <SEP> 
in 1562 , naval officer jean ribault led an expedition that explored florida and the present-day southeastern u.s. , and founded the outpost of charlesfort on parris island , south carolina . <SEP> when ?
the rankine cycle is the fundamental thermodynamic underpinning of the steam engine . <SEP> what ?
at this time , methodists had not yet broken away from the anglican church and the methodist episcopal church was not founded until 1784 . <SEP> when ?
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek . <SEP> what year ?
these jurisdictions also usually specify that only pharmacists may supply scheduled pharmaceuticals to the public , and that pharmacists can not form business partnerships with physicians or give them " kickback " payments . <SEP> who ?
where the laws of member states provide for lesser rights european union law can be enforced by the courts of member states . <SEP> who ?
in 1225 both divisions returned to mongolia . <SEP> when ?
the first historical reference to warsaw dates back to the year 1313 , at a time when kraków served as the polish capital city . <SEP> what city ?
it precipitated civil bloodshed , ruined commerce , and resulted in the illegal flight from the country of hundreds of thousands of protestants , many of whom became intellectuals , doctors and business leaders in britain as well as holland , prussia , and south africa . <SEP> where else ?
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323. he continued his father 's policies to reform the government based on the confucian principles , with the help of his newly appointed grand chancellor baiju . <SEP> who ?
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3. however , computing a or μ requires the knowledge of infinitely many primes to begin with . <SEP> what ?
this is partly due to the harsh railway operating environment and limited space afforded by the loading gauge ( particularly in britain , where compounding was never common and not employed after 1930 ) . <SEP> after what year ?
[ citation needed ] after decades of neglect and suburban flight , the neighborhood revival followed the re-opening of the tower theatre in the late 1970s , which at that time showed second and third run movies , along with classic films . <SEP> after its re-opening , which types of movies ?
han chinese were moved to central asian areas like besh baliq , almaliq , and samarqand by the mongols where they worked as artisans and farmers . <SEP> where ?
his patented ac induction motor and transformer were licensed by george westinghouse , who also hired tesla for a short time as a consultant . <SEP> 
and " [ that ] reason in no way contributes to faith . <SEP> how ?
at the same time , the available evidence provides little support for the view that u.s.-style labor-market flexibility dramatically improves labor-market outcomes . <SEP> how much support ?
euglenophytes are a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga . <SEP> what kind of protists ?
in 1931 japan conquered manchuria from china . <SEP> which area of china ?
in addition , there is a large hindu population in kenya ( around 300,000 ) , who have played a key role in the local economy ; they are mostly of indian origin . <SEP> how much of the population ?
following the merger , thomas s. murphy left abc with robert iger taking his place as president and ceo . <SEP> who ?
pro bowl linebacker von miller led the team with 11 sacks , forced four fumbles , and recovered three . <SEP> how many picks ?
" markets , by themselves , even when they are stable , often lead to high levels of inequality , outcomes that are widely viewed as unfair . " <SEP> what type of outcomes ?
:33 tesla would visualize an invention in his mind with extreme precision , including all dimensions , before moving to the construction stage , a technique sometimes known as picture thinking . <SEP> what ?
the alpine rhine begins in the most western part of the swiss canton of graubünden , and later forms the border between switzerland to the west and liechtenstein and later austria to the east . <SEP> 
during 1910–1911 at the waterside power station in new york , several of his bladeless turbine engines were tested at 100–5,000 hp . <SEP> what ?
in the united states , scholars argue that there already existed a negotiated settlement based on equality between both parties prior to 1973. the possibility that the middle east could become another superpower confrontation with the ussr was of more concern to the us than oil . <SEP> with which other country ?
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports . <SEP> what ranking in terms of busiest airports from international passenger volume ?
the prime ideals of the ring of integers are the ideals ( 0 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , ( 5 ) , ( 7 ) , ( 11 ) , … the fundamental theorem of arithmetic generalizes to the lasker–noether theorem , which expresses every ideal in a noetherian commutative ring as an intersection of primary ideals , which are the appropriate generalizations of prime powers . <SEP> what type of commutative ring ?
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) . <SEP> how many bits ?
this dual view of knowledge was in concert with the teachings of common sense realism derived from scottish philosophers thomas reid and dugald stewart , whose works were part of the harvard curriculum at the time . <SEP> what ?
for example , the working time directive requires that every worker has at least 4 weeks paid holidays each year , but most member states require more than 28 days in national law . <SEP> how many ?
almost all the rocks show evidence of impact process effects . <SEP> what ?
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated . <SEP> what ?
engineering news-record ( enr ) is a trade magazine for the construction industry . <SEP> what ?
designers and artists whose work is on display in the galleries include gian lorenzo bernini , grinling gibbons , daniel marot , louis laguerre , antonio verrio , sir james thornhill , william kent , robert adam , josiah wedgwood , matthew boulton , canova , thomas chippendale , pugin , william morris . <SEP> which italian that ?
however , the american medical association ( ama ) code of ethics provides that physicians may dispense drugs within their office practices as long as there is no patient exploitation and patients have the right to a written prescription that can be filled elsewhere . <SEP> what body ?
telenet was incorporated in 1973 and started operations in 1975. it went public in 1979 and was then sold to gte . <SEP> 
of particular concern with internet pharmacies is the ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship . <SEP> what ?
this passive immunity is usually short-term , lasting from a few days up to several months . <SEP> 
tesla claimed to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy that he started working on in 1892 , and in 1937 , at age 81 , claimed in a letter to have completed a " dynamic theory of gravity " that " [ would ] put an end to idle speculations and false conceptions , as that of curved space . " <SEP> when ?
however , the university chose to withdraw from the conference in 1946 after university president robert maynard hutchins de-emphasized varsity athletics in 1939 and dropped football . <SEP> why ?
in the 20th century , the development of quantum mechanics led to a modern understanding that the first three fundamental forces ( all except gravity ) are manifestations of matter ( fermions ) interacting by exchanging virtual particles called gauge bosons . <SEP> in what century ?
he was persuaded to sail a shipment of coal to newcastle by merchants plotting to ruin him ; however his shipment arrived on the tyne during a strike that had crippled local production ; unexpectedly he made a considerable profit . <SEP> what ?
another example is from the 1986 serial the trial of a time lord , where michael jayston portrayed the valeyard , who is described as an amalgamation of the darker sides of the doctor 's nature , somewhere between his twelfth and final incarnation . <SEP> what actor ?
with the opening of the new gallery , the riba drawings and archives collection has been transferred to the museum , joining the already extensive collection held by the v & a . <SEP> what collection ?
in october 2015 , credit suisse published a study which shows global inequality continues to increase , and that half of the world 's wealth is now in the hands of those in the top percentile , whose assets each exceed $ 759,900 . <SEP> how much ?
in its harshest form it preached that muslims should not only " always oppose " infidels " in every way , " but " hate them for their religion ... for allah 's sake , " that democracy " is responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century , " that shia and other non-wahhabi muslims were infidels , etc . <SEP> what ?
grants total 88 % of harvard 's aid for undergraduate students , with aid also provided by loans ( 8 % ) and work-study ( 4 % ) . <SEP> what percentage of total financial aid for undergraduates from harvard ?
for eight days in lent , beginning on invocavit sunday , 9 march , luther preached eight sermons , which became known as the " invocavit sermons " . <SEP> what ?
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression . <SEP> how many ?
their descendants in many families continued to use french first names and surnames for their children well into the nineteenth century . <SEP> for how long ?
it is usually recognized that lawbreaking , if it is not done publicly , at least must be publicly announced in order to constitute civil disobedience . <SEP> 
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many ?
their local rivals , polonia warsaw , have significantly fewer supporters , yet they managed to win ekstraklasa championship in 2000. they also won the country ’ s championship in 1946 , and won the cup twice as well . <SEP> when ?
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide . <SEP> what ?
it was opened in five phases between 1980 and 1984 , and was britain 's first urban light rail transit system ; two extensions were opened in 1991 and 2002. it was developed from a combination of existing and newly built tracks and stations , with deep-level tunnels constructed through newcastle city centre . <SEP> how many phases ?
chloroplasts have their own dna , often abbreviated as ctdna , or cpdna . <SEP> what ?
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms . <SEP> what ?
although this use of the name was incorrect all these services were managed by the same people within one department of kpn contributed to the confusion . <SEP> 
legally , only non-profit trusts and societies can run schools in india . <SEP> what country ?
escalating , he instituted dragonnades , which included the occupation and looting of huguenot homes by military troops , in an effort to forcibly convert them . <SEP> 
amherst granted vaudreuil 's request that any french residents who chose to remain in the colony would be given freedom to continue worshiping in their roman catholic tradition , continued ownership of their property , and the right to remain undisturbed in their homes . <SEP> what ?
its goal is to “ wid [ en ] people ’ s choices and the level of their achieved well-being ” through increasing functionings ( the things a person values doing ) , capabilities ( the freedom to enjoy functionings ) and agency ( the ability to pursue valued goals ) . <SEP> what ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> who ?
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " . <SEP> what senate committee ?
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " . <SEP> who ?
the university operates 12 research institutes and 113 research centers on campus . <SEP> how many ?
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill . <SEP> what administration ?
the development of this fertile soil allowed agriculture and silviculture in the previously hostile environment ; meaning that large portions of the amazon rainforest are probably the result of centuries of human management , rather than naturally occurring as has previously been supposed . <SEP> what ?
( mitchell tower , for example , is modeled after oxford 's magdalen tower , and the university commons , hutchinson hall , replicates christ church hall . ) <SEP> 
germanic tribes crossed the rhine in the migration period , by the 5th century establishing the kingdoms of francia on the lower rhine , burgundy on the upper rhine and alemannia on the high rhine . <SEP> what ?
it includes canova 's the three graces , which the museum jointly owns with national galleries of scotland . <SEP> with which ?
tesla noted the hazards of working with his circuit and single-node x-ray-producing devices . <SEP> what ?
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game . <SEP> who ?
similarly , orientalism is a view of a people based on their geographical location . <SEP> what ?
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary . <SEP> when ?
fresno ( /ˈfrɛznoʊ/ frez-noh ) , the county seat of fresno county , is a city in the u.s. state of california . <SEP> which city ?
the fire that killed the apollo 1 crew in a launch pad test spread so rapidly because the capsule was pressurized with pure o 2 but at slightly more than atmospheric pressure , instead of the 1⁄3 normal pressure that would be used in a mission . <SEP> what chemical element ?
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs . <SEP> who ?
moreover , the doctor of pharmacy ( pharm . d. ) degree is now required before entering practice and some pharmacists now complete one or two years of residency or fellowship training following graduation . <SEP> what degree ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> who ?
the usual compromise solution has been to provide lap by lengthening rubbing surfaces of the valve in such a way as to overlap the port on the admission side , with the effect that the exhaust side remains open for a longer period after cut-off on the admission side has occurred . <SEP> how ?
austpac was an australian public x.25 network operated by telstra . <SEP> what ?
in recent years " the gate " has opened in the city centre , a new indoor complex consisting of bars , upmarket clubs , restaurants and a 12-screen empire multiplex cinema . <SEP> how many screens ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> which florida venue ?
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . " <SEP> what journalist ?
bskyb has no veto over the presence of channels on their epg , with open access being an enforced part of their operating licence from ofcom . <SEP> 
tesla was able to perform integral calculus in his head , which prompted his teachers to believe that he was cheating . <SEP> what ?
cestids can swim by undulating their bodies as well as by the beating of their comb-rows . <SEP> how ?
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 . <SEP> what composer ?
derived from william ellery channing and ralph waldo emerson , these convictions were focused on the dignity and worth of human nature , the right and ability of each person to perceive truth , and the indwelling god in each person . <SEP> from whom ?
on 31 july 2013 , bskyb and microsoft announced their settlement , in which microsoft will not appeal the ruling , and will rename its skydrive cloud storage service after an unspecified " reasonable period of time to allow for an orderly transition to a new brand , " plus " financial and other terms , the details of which are confidential " . <SEP> what year ?
during his stay at wartburg , which he referred to as " my patmos " , luther translated the new testament from greek into german and poured out doctrinal and polemical writings . <SEP> what book ?
it is the third most populated megalopolis in the united states , after the great lakes megalopolis and the northeastern megalopolis . <SEP> where ?
its name originated from the latin word " imperium " , which means to rule over large territories . <SEP> in which ancient language ?
the location of fort caroline is subject to debate but a reconstruction of the fort was established on the st. johns river in 1964 . <SEP> which fort ?
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications . <SEP> in what application ?
between the 1880s and world war ii , downtown fresno flourished , filled with electric street cars , and contained some of the san joaquin valley 's most beautiful architectural buildings . <SEP> during what period ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> who ?
according to transcripts , the debate sometimes became confrontational . <SEP> what ?
when complete , the lewis s. eaton trail system will cover 22 miles ( 35 km ) between highway 99 and friant dam . <SEP> how many ?
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg . <SEP> what country ?
women played a relatively important role in mongol empire and in family , for example töregene khatun was briefly in charge of the mongol empire when next male khagan was being chosen . <SEP> which woman ?
while eliot was the most crucial figure in the secularization of american higher education , he was motivated not by a desire to secularize education , but by transcendentalist unitarian convictions . <SEP> what conviction ?
the rhine gorge between rüdesheim am rhein and koblenz is listed as a unesco world heritage site . <SEP> what ?
many of southern california 's most developed cities lie along or in close proximity to the coast , with the exception of san bernardino and riverside . <SEP> which other developed southern californian city ?
such forces act perpendicular to the velocity vector associated with the motion of an object , and therefore do not change the speed of the object ( magnitude of the velocity ) , but only the direction of the velocity vector . <SEP> how ?
as a result of increasing land clearance ( bronze age agriculture ) , in the upland areas ( central germany ) , the sediment load of the rhine has strongly increased and delta growth has sped up . <SEP> what ?
as indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation and ecocide , such as in the peruvian amazon indigenous peoples ' rainforest communities continue to disappear , while others , like the urarina continue to struggle to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories . <SEP> what ?
even before the edict of alès ( 1629 ) , protestant rule was dead and the ville de sûreté was no more . <SEP> what proclamation ?
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) . <SEP> what ?
maududi also believed that muslim society could not be islamic without sharia , and islam required the establishment of an islamic state . <SEP> what ?
after continued turmoil , a university committee in 1967 issued what became known as the kalven report . <SEP> in what year ?
in 2001 , 16 national science academies issued a joint statement on climate change . <SEP> when ?
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick . <SEP> how ?
they can be combined with ideal pulleys , which allow ideal strings to switch physical direction . <SEP> what ?
" ikh zasag law adopted during genghis khan ’ s time in mongolia had points to punish illegal matters related to corruption and bribery very heavily , " mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj noted . <SEP> which mongolian president ?
they differ from glaucophyte and red algal chloroplasts in that they have lost their phycobilisomes , and contain chlorophyll b instead . <SEP> what ?
some of the returned samples are of impact melt ( materials melted near an impact crater . ) <SEP> what ?
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york . <SEP> how old ?
over time , wealth condensation can significantly contribute to the persistence of inequality within society . <SEP> what ?
decnet is a suite of network protocols created by digital equipment corporation , originally released in 1975 in order to connect two pdp-11 minicomputers . <SEP> what ?
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since . <SEP> what player ?
the city 's speedway team newcastle diamonds are based at brough park in byker , a venue that is also home to greyhound racing . <SEP> where ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> when ?
death wish coffee beat out nine other contenders from across the united states for the free advertisement . <SEP> besides death wish coffee , how many other competitors ?
the combined effect of these events led to prime minister wilson committing his government to some form of devolved legislature in 1974. however , it was not until 1978 that final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly were passed by the united kingdom parliament . <SEP> when ?
alongside the traditional media availabilities , the event featured an opening ceremony with player introductions on a replica of the golden gate bridge . <SEP> what replica ?
similarly , the sieve of eratosthenes would not work correctly if 1 were considered a prime : a modified version of the sieve that considers 1 as prime would eliminate all multiples of 1 ( that is , all other numbers ) and produce as output only the single number 1. furthermore , the prime numbers have several properties that the number 1 lacks , such as the relationship of the number to its corresponding value of euler 's totient function or the sum of divisors function . <SEP> 
since complexity theory is interested in classifying problems based on their difficulty , one defines sets of problems based on some criteria . <SEP> 
in hinduism the spiritual teacher is known as a guru , and , in many traditions of hinduism - especially those common in the west - the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high , with gurus often exercising a great deal of control over the lives of their disciples . <SEP> what ?
oxygen is more soluble in water than nitrogen is . <SEP> what component of water ?
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf . <SEP> what ?
most work has been done on the spread of the plague in england , and even estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100 % as no census was undertaken between the time of publication of the domesday book and the year 1377. estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy . <SEP> where ?
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages . <SEP> how ?
as such , two official bodies of the united methodist church are part of the religious coalition for reproductive choice 's governing coalition , the general board of church and society , and the united methodist women . <SEP> what ?
according to tesla , edison remarked , " there 's fifty thousand dollars in it for you—if you can do it . <SEP> how much ?
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls . <SEP> what landmark ?
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx . <SEP> who ?
in 1984 zoologist graham twigg produced the first major work to challenge the bubonic plague theory directly , and his doubts about the identity of the black death have been taken up by a number of authors , including samuel k. cohn , jr. ( 2002 ) , david herlihy ( 1997 ) , and susan scott and christopher duncan ( 2001 ) . <SEP> what ?
around 1954 , abc agreed to finance disneyland in exchange for the right to broadcast a new sunday night program , disneyland , which debuted on the network on october 27 , 1954 as the first of many anthology television programs that disney would broadcast over the course of the next 50 years . <SEP> in what year ?
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) . <SEP> what ?
breathing pure o 2 in space applications , such as in some modern space suits , or in early spacecraft such as apollo , causes no damage due to the low total pressures used . <SEP> how much damage ?
hollywood , a district within los angeles , is also a name associated with the motion picture industry . <SEP> which city ?
to classify the computation time ( or similar resources , such as space consumption ) , one is interested in proving upper and lower bounds on the minimum amount of time required by the most efficient algorithm solving a given problem . <SEP> which ?
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe . <SEP> who ?
stage 1 usually takes place , initially , in the relevant committee or committees and is then submitted to the whole parliament for a full debate in the chamber on the general principles of the bill . <SEP> where ?
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute . <SEP> what ?
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period . <SEP> which period ?
the victoria and albert museum has a computer system but most of the items in the collection , unless those were newly accessioned into the collection , probably do not show up in the computer system . <SEP> what type of item ?
hobson argued that domestic social reforms could cure the international disease of imperialism by removing its economic foundation . <SEP> what ?
the brotherhood has suffered periodic repression in egypt and has been banned several times , in 1948 and several years later following confrontations with egyptian president gamal abdul nasser , who jailed thousands of members for several years . <SEP> what egyptian president ?
the first commercial steam-powered device was a water pump , developed in 1698 by thomas savery . <SEP> who ?
prince louis de condé , along with his sons daniel and osias , [ citation needed ] arranged with count ludwig von nassau-saarbrücken to establish a huguenot community in present-day saarland in 1604. the count supported mercantilism and welcomed technically skilled immigrants into his lands , regardless of their religion . <SEP> in what year ?
in the august 1917 edition of the magazine electrical experimenter tesla postulated that electricity could be used to locate submarines via using the reflection of an " electric ray " of " tremendous frequency , " with the signal being viewed on a fluorescent screen ( a system that has been noted to have a superficial resemblance to modern radar ) . <SEP> in what magazine ?
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary . <SEP> what ?
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum . <SEP> who ?
when albert einstein formulated his theory of general relativity ( gr ) he turned his attention to the problem of mercury 's orbit and found that his theory added a correction , which could account for the discrepancy . <SEP> what theory ?
the quasiturbine is a uniflow rotary steam engine where steam intakes in hot areas , while exhausting in cold areas . <SEP> what ?
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent . <SEP> which current type ?
with his mathematical insight , sir isaac newton formulated laws of motion that were not improved-on for nearly three hundred years . <SEP> who ?
tourists , the largest number being from germany and the united kingdom , are attracted mainly to the coastal beaches and the game reserves , notably , the expansive east and west tsavo national park 20,808 square kilometres ( 8,034 sq mi ) in the southeast . <SEP> what ?
teaching in scotland is an all graduate profession and the normal route for graduates wishing to teach is to complete a programme of initial teacher education ( ite ) at one of the seven scottish universities who offer these courses . <SEP> how many universities ?
in 2014 , enr compiled the data in nine market segments . <SEP> in what year ?
each granum can contain anywhere from two to a hundred thylakoids , though grana with 10–20 thylakoids are most common . <SEP> how many ?
its exterior appears as a blue british police box , which was a common sight in britain in 1963 when the series first aired . <SEP> what ?
bskyb 's digital service was officially launched on 1 october 1998 under the name sky digital , although small-scale tests were carried out before then . <SEP> when ?
these are mainly forested areas ( pine forest ) . <SEP> what type of forested areas ?
tesla could be harsh at times and openly expressed disgust for overweight people , such as when he fired a secretary because of her weight . <SEP> who ?
in on the abrogation of the private mass , he condemned as idolatry the idea that the mass is a sacrifice , asserting instead that it is a gift , to be received with thanksgiving by the whole congregation . <SEP> what ?
in july 1968 , abc radio launched a special programming project for its fm stations , which was spearheaded by allen shaw , a former program manager at wcfl in chicago who was approached by abc radio president harold l. neal to develop a format to compete with the new progressive rock and dj-helmed stations . <SEP> who ?
rates of sea-level rise had dropped so far , that natural sedimentation by the rhine and coastal processes together , could compensate the transgression by the sea ; in the last 7000 years , the coast line was roughly at the same location . <SEP> why ?
" tesla said he could feel a sharp stinging pain where it entered his body , and again at the place where it passed out . " <SEP> how ?
in the january 2006 legislative election—its first foray into the political process—it won the majority of the seats , and in 2007 it drove the plo out of gaza . <SEP> what ?
luther had published his german translation of the new testament in 1522 , and he and his collaborators completed the translation of the old testament in 1534 , when the whole bible was published . <SEP> when ?
when sky digital was launched in 1998 the new service used the astra 2a satellite which was located at the 28.5°e orbital position , unlike the analogue service which was broadcast from 19.2°e . <SEP> what satellite ?
members of the lobate genera bathocyroe and ocyropsis can escape from danger by clapping their lobes , so that the jet of expelled water drives them backwards very quickly . <SEP> what ?
complexity measures are very generally defined by the blum complexity axioms . <SEP> what ?
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine . <SEP> which county ?
on april 4 , disney sold the four newspapers that abc had controlled under capital cities to knight ridder for $ 1.65 billion . <SEP> who ?
the french protestant church of london was established by royal charter in 1550. it is now located at soho square . <SEP> what ?
that same year , capital cities/abc purchased the french animation studio dic entertainment ; it also signed an agreement with time warner cable to carry its owned-and-operated television stations on the provider 's systems in abc o & o markets . <SEP> what cable provider ?
tymnet was an international data communications network headquartered in san jose , ca that utilized virtual call packet switched technology and used x.25 , sna/sdlc , bsc and ascii interfaces to connect host computers ( servers ) at thousands of large companies , educational institutions , and government agencies . <SEP> what ?
to be recognized as local church lay servant , they must be recommended by their pastor and church council or charge conference , and complete the basic course for lay servant . <SEP> how ?
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " . <SEP> who ?
mueller agreed , and phillips managed apollo from january 1964 , until it achieved the first manned landing in july 1969 , after which he returned to air force duty . <SEP> how long ?
this government adopted the traditional chinese tripartite division of authority among civil , military , and censorial offices , including the central secretariat ( zhongshu sheng ) to manage civil affairs , the privy council ( chinese : 樞密院 ) to manage military affairs , and the censorate to conduct internal surveillance and inspection . <SEP> what kind of division of power ?
indeed , one of the first clues that the phlogiston theory was incorrect was that metals , too , gain weight in rusting ( when they were supposedly losing phlogiston ) . <SEP> what material 's weight gain during rusting ?
imperialism and colonialism both dictate the political and economic advantage over a land and the indigenous populations they control , yet scholars sometimes find it difficult to illustrate the difference between the two . <SEP> 
the ipcc receives funding through the ipcc trust fund , established in 1989 by the united nations environment programme ( unep ) and the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) , costs of the secretary and of housing the secretariat are provided by the wmo , while unep meets the cost of the depute secretary . <SEP> who ?
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) . <SEP> what ?
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits . <SEP> what ?
parts of the immune system of higher organisms create peroxide , superoxide , and singlet oxygen to destroy invading microbes . <SEP> for what purpose ?
there are many differences between the teachers for elementary schools ( grundschule ) , lower secondary schools ( hauptschule ) , middle level secondary schools ( realschule ) and higher level secondary schools ( gymnasium ) . <SEP> what ?
the work focuses on three key ideas : use of a decentralized network with multiple paths between any two points , dividing user messages into message blocks , later called packets , and delivery of these messages by store and forward switching . <SEP> what ?
currently there is no indication as to whether the new deal includes the additional video on demand and high definition content which had previously been offered by bskyb . <SEP> 
spinach leaves grown under green light have been observed to contain many large dumbbell-shaped chloroplasts . <SEP> what ?
while many commute to l.a. and orange counties , there are some differences in development , as most of san bernardino and riverside counties ( the non-desert portions ) were developed in the 1980s and 1990s . <SEP> other than the 1980s , in which decade ?
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds . <SEP> how long ?
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring ( 500 points ) , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many offensive players from the panthers ?
unlike neoliberalism , which “ defines well-being as utility maximization ” , economic growth and income are considered a means to an end rather than the end itself . <SEP> 
roughly contemporaneous with maududi was the founding of the muslim brotherhood in ismailiyah , egypt in 1928 by hassan al banna . <SEP> who ?
however , some civil disobedients have nonetheless found it hard to resist responding to investigators ' questions , sometimes due to a lack of understanding of the legal ramifications , or due to a fear of seeming rude . <SEP> what reasons ?
a 1964 program definition study concluded that the initial design should be continued as block i which would be used for early testing , while block ii , the actual lunar spacecraft , would incorporate the docking equipment and take advantage of the lessons learned in block i development . <SEP> in what year ?
tesla made predictions about the relevant issues of a post-world war i environment in a printed article , " science and discovery are the great forces which will lead to the consummation of the war " ( 20 december 1914 ) . <SEP> what ?
the prince of płock , bolesław ii of masovia , established this settlement , the modern-day warsaw , in about 1300. in the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the dukes of masovia , becoming the official capital of masovian duchy in 1413 . <SEP> who ?
where school class sizes are typically 40 to 50 students , maintaining order in the classroom can divert the teacher from instruction , leaving little opportunity for concentration and focus on what is being taught . <SEP> what class sizes ?
the next three drives of the game would end in punts . <SEP> what ?
céloron 's expedition force consisted of about 200 troupes de la marine and 30 indians . <SEP> who ?
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars . <SEP> who ?
he called it packet switching , a more accessible name than baran 's , and proposed to build a nationwide network in the uk . <SEP> what ?
the first settlement in the area occurred in 1803 at sullivan bay , and much of what is now victoria was included in the port phillip district in 1836 , an administrative division of new south wales . <SEP> where ?
there are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end , and are spaced evenly round the body . <SEP> where ?
it was very popular at the bafta cymru awards , with 25 wins overall including best drama series ( twice ) , best screenplay/screenwriter ( thrice ) and best actor . <SEP> how many ?
one of the great geographical treatises of the middle ages , the " tabula rogeriana " , was written by the andalusian al-idrisi for king roger ii of sicily , and entitled " kitab rudjdjar " ( " the book of roger " ) . <SEP> what ?
the tech coast is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region 's diversified technology and industrial base as well as its multitude of prestigious and world-renowned research universities and other public and private institutions . <SEP> what ?
the experimental measurements made by watt on a model steam engine led to the development of the separate condenser . <SEP> what ?
in april 1191 richard the lion-hearted left messina with a large fleet in order to reach acre . <SEP> what year ?
there are many bars on the bigg market , and other popular areas for nightlife are collingwood street , popularly referred to as the 'diamond strip ' due to its concentration of high-end bars , neville street , the central station area and osborne road in the jesmond area of the city . <SEP> what ?
the third division under genghis khan and tolui marched to the northwest and attacked khwarzemia from that direction . <SEP> who ?
in 2014 , the group proclaimed itself a caliphate , with religious , political and military authority over all muslims worldwide . <SEP> what ?
the bbc believed that many viewers had missed this introduction to a new series due to the coverage of the assassination , as well as a series of power blackouts across the country , and they broadcast it again on 30 november 1963 , just before episode two . <SEP> when ?
small subunit ribosomal rnas in several chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts lack motifs for shine-dalgarno sequence recognition , which is considered essential for translation initiation in most chloroplasts and prokaryotes . <SEP> why ?
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary . <SEP> which station ?
unfortunately , he arrived too late to enroll at charles-ferdinand university ; he never studied greek , a required subject ; and he was illiterate in czech , another required subject . <SEP> where ?
the area includes many california bungalow and american craftsman style homes , spanish colonial revival style architecture , mediterranean revival style architecture , mission revival style architecture , and many storybook houses designed by fresno architects , hilliard , taylor & wheeler . <SEP> what types of houses ?
when guglielmo marconi made his famous first-ever transatlantic radio transmission in 1901 , tesla quipped that it was done with 17 tesla patents , though there is little to support this claim . <SEP> who ?
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " . <SEP> what other moniker ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> how many interceptions ?
somewhere around a billion years ago , a free-living cyanobacterium entered an early eukaryotic cell , either as food or as an internal parasite , but managed to escape the phagocytic vacuole it was contained in . <SEP> how long ago ?
on 17 april 1879 , milutin tesla died at the age of 60 after contracting an unspecified illness ( although some sources say that he died of a stroke ) . <SEP> what ?
temüjin had three brothers named hasar , hachiun , and temüge , and one sister named temülen , as well as two half-brothers named begter and belgutei . <SEP> who ?
other arguments include the lack of accounts of the death of rats before outbreaks of plague between the 14th and 17th centuries ; temperatures that are too cold in northern europe for the survival of fleas ; that , despite primitive transport systems , the spread of the black death was much faster than that of modern bubonic plague ; that mortality rates of the black death appear to be very high ; that , while modern bubonic plague is largely endemic as a rural disease , the black death indiscriminately struck urban and rural areas ; and that the pattern of the black death , with major outbreaks in the same areas separated by 5 to 15 years , differs from modern bubonic plague—which often becomes endemic for decades with annual flare-ups . <SEP> how many years ?
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei . <SEP> what ?
free oxygen gas was almost nonexistent in earth 's atmosphere before photosynthetic archaea and bacteria evolved , probably about 3.5 billion years ago . <SEP> when ?
the g mission was achieved on apollo 11 in july 1969 by an all-gemini veteran crew consisting of neil armstrong , michael collins and buzz aldrin . <SEP> in what month and year ?
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit . <SEP> when ?
the results of the haensch study have since been confirmed and amended . <SEP> what ?
from a mathematical viewpoint , it roughly states that the asymptotic distribution of primes ( about x/log x of numbers less than x are primes , the prime number theorem ) also holds for much shorter intervals of length about the square root of x ( for intervals near x ) . <SEP> what type of prime distribution ?
to the east , the united states census bureau considers the san bernardino and riverside county areas , riverside-san bernardino area as a separate metropolitan area from los angeles county . <SEP> who ?
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 . <SEP> what ?
from these bases , the normans eventually captured sicily and malta from the saracens , under the leadership of the famous robert guiscard , a hauteville , and his younger brother roger the great count . <SEP> who ?
the color was unofficially adopted ( in preference to magenta ) by an 1875 vote of the student body , although the association with some form of red can be traced back to 1858 , when charles william eliot , a young graduate student who would later become harvard 's 21st and longest-serving president ( 1869–1909 ) , bought red bandanas for his crew so they could more easily be distinguished by spectators at a regatta . <SEP> when ?
until the oil shock , the price had also remained fairly stable versus other currencies and commodities . <SEP> when ?
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl . <SEP> how many teams ?
several d & b contractors present different ideas about how to accomplish these goals . <SEP> who ?
davis compiled 5½ sacks , four forced fumbles , and four interceptions , while kuechly led the team in tackles ( 118 ) forced two fumbles , and intercepted four passes of his own . <SEP> how many ?
following the american civil war , president charles w. eliot 's long tenure ( 1869–1909 ) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university ; harvard was a founding member of the association of american universities in 1900. james bryant conant led the university through the great depression and world war ii and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war . <SEP> what president of the university ?
on may 28 , 2012 , jacksonville was hit by tropical storm beryl , packing winds up to 70 miles per hour ( 113 km/h ) which made landfall near jacksonville beach . <SEP> what ?
the two innermost lipid-bilayer membranes that surround all chloroplasts correspond to the outer and inner membranes of the ancestral cyanobacterium 's gram negative cell wall , and not the phagosomal membrane from the host , which was probably lost . <SEP> what kind of membrane ?
smaller settlements , which included killeshandra in county cavan , contributed to the expansion of flax cultivation and the growth of the irish linen industry . <SEP> 
the lake is situated in germany , switzerland and austria near the alps . <SEP> where else ?
in 1830 , the methodist protestant church split from the methodist episcopal church over the issue of laity having a voice and vote in the administration of the church , insisting that clergy should not be the only ones to have any determination in how the church was to be operated . <SEP> when ?
some european nations and japan sought to disassociate themselves from united states foreign policy in the middle east to avoid being targeted by the boycott . <SEP> why ?
the largest objects in the collection are a series of elaborately ornamented ceramic stoves from the 16th and 17th centuries , made in germany and switzerland . <SEP> what ?
the latin translation de materia medica ( concerning medical substances ) was used a basis for many medieval texts , and was built upon by many middle eastern scientists during the islamic golden age . <SEP> what ?
beroids prey mainly on other ctenophores . <SEP> what ?
in 2011 the board of pharmaceutical specialties approved ambulatory care pharmacy practice as a separate board certification . <SEP> when ?
abc also owns the times square studios at 1500 broadway on land in times square owned by a development fund for the 42nd street project ; opened in 1999 , good morning america and nightline are broadcast from this particular facility . <SEP> what programs ?
however , in the early 11th century the dukes began a programme of church reform , encouraging the cluniac reform of monasteries and patronising intellectual pursuits , especially the proliferation of scriptoria and the reconstitution of a compilation of lost illuminated manuscripts . <SEP> who ?
a third series was broadcast from 6 to 10 july 2009 , and consisted of a single five-part story called children of earth which was set largely in london . <SEP> what ?
a constitutional change was considered that would eliminate the position of prime minister and simultaneously reduce the powers of the president . <SEP> what constitutional change ?
deformational events are often also associated with volcanism and igneous activity . <SEP> what events ?
publishing its blueprint for devolution in 1995 , the convention provided much of the basis for the structure of the parliament . <SEP> what ?
on an international level , the price increases changed competitive positions in many industries , such as automobiles . <SEP> which industry 's competitive positions ?
in the mid-18th century christian goldbach listed 1 as the first prime in his famous correspondence with leonhard euler -- who did not agree . <SEP> who ?
from opposite sides of the body extends a pair of long , slender tentacles , each housed in a sheath into which it can be withdrawn . <SEP> what ?
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half . <SEP> who ?
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars . <SEP> where ?
it caused the most property damage of any earthquake in u.s. history , estimated at over $ 20 billion . <SEP> how much ?
bskyb utilises the videoguard pay-tv scrambling system owned by nds , a cisco systems company . <SEP> who ?
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally . <SEP> what ?
economist joseph stiglitz presented evidence in 2009 that both global inequality and inequality within countries prevent growth by limiting aggregate demand . <SEP> what ?
many of the farms in the western cape province in south africa still bear french names . <SEP> where ?
research shows that student motivation and attitudes towards school are closely linked to student-teacher relationships . <SEP> what ?
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " wir glauben all an einen gott " ( " we all believe in one true god " ) is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism . <SEP> where ?
this study was followed by design of a larger orbital workshop to be built in orbit from an empty s-ivb saturn upper stage , and grew into the apollo applications program ( aap ) . <SEP> what ?
hormones can act as immunomodulators , altering the sensitivity of the immune system . <SEP> 
phycobilins come in all colors , though phycoerytherin is one of the pigments that makes many red algae red . <SEP> what color ?
826 doctor who instalments have been televised since 1963 , ranging between 25-minute episodes ( the most common format ) , 45-minute episodes ( for resurrection of the daleks in the 1984 series , a single season in 1985 , and the revival ) , two feature-length productions ( 1983 's the five doctors and the 1996 television film ) , eight christmas specials ( most of 60 minutes ' duration , one of 72 minutes ) , and four additional specials ranging from 60 to 75 minutes in 2009 , 2010 and 2013. four mini-episodes , running about eight minutes each , were also produced for the 1993 , 2005 and 2007 children in need charity appeals , while another mini-episode was produced in 2008 for a doctor who-themed edition of the proms . <SEP> how many ?
the two aaa auto clubs of the state , the california state automobile association and the automobile club of southern california , choose to simplify matters by dividing the state along the lines where their jurisdictions for membership apply , as either northern or southern california , in contrast to the three-region point of view . <SEP> what ?
in march 1864 a confederate cavalry confronted a union expedition resulting in the battle of cedar creek . <SEP> in what year ?
in case of a shared physical medium ( such as radio or 10base5 ) , the packets may be delivered according to a multiple access scheme . <SEP> in cases with shared medium how ?
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " . <SEP> what ?
the mongol empire was governed by a civilian and military code , called the yassa , created by genghis khan . <SEP> who ?
chris keates , the general secretary of national association of schoolmasters union of women teachers , said that teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent should not be placed on the sex offenders register and that prosecution for statutory rape " is a real anomaly in the law that we are concerned about . " <SEP> who ?
student government is made up of graduate and undergraduate students elected to represent members from their respective academic unit . <SEP> who ?
his face can be found on everyday commodities , from liquor bottles to candy products , and on the largest denominations of 500 , 1,000 , 5,000 , 10,000 , and 20,000 mongolian tögrög ( ₮ ) . <SEP> what ?
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits . <SEP> what ?
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health . <SEP> how much money ?
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game . <SEP> what station ?
nearly 50,000 huguenots established themselves in germany , 20,000 of whom were welcomed in brandenburg-prussia , where they were granted special privileges ( edict of potsdam ) and churches in which to worship ( such as the church of st. peter and st. paul , angermünde ) by frederick william , elector of brandenburg and duke of prussia . <SEP> what dual titles ?
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half . <SEP> who ?
the łazienki park covers the area of 76 ha . <SEP> what ?
to accurately map the amazon 's biomass and subsequent carbon related emissions , the classification of tree growth stages within different parts of the forest is crucial . <SEP> 
for many years it was described as " semi-legal " and was the only opposition group in egypt able to field candidates during elections . <SEP> 
doctor who has been satirised and spoofed on many occasions by comedians including spike milligan ( a dalek invades his bathroom — milligan , naked , hurls a soap sponge at it ) and lenny henry . <SEP> which comedian ?
these scholars believed that northern europe and the mid-atlantic temperate climate produced a hard-working , moral , and upstanding human being . <SEP> which regions ?
this work , which included linking producers to wholesalers , helped to increase local producer prices by 20–25 % in nairobi and mombasa . <SEP> how ?
the presiding officer ( or deputy presiding officer ) decides who speaks in chamber debates and the amount of time for which they are allowed to speak . <SEP> who ?
they calculate with confidence that co2 has been responsible for over half the enhanced greenhouse effect . <SEP> how much of the greenhouse effect ?
but many ht members have gone on to join terrorist groups and many jihadi terrorists have cited ht as their key influence . <SEP> what ?
he later attributed his decision to an event : on 2 july 1505 , he was returning to university on horseback after a trip home . <SEP> when ?
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche . <SEP> in which year ?
in its harshest form it preached that muslims should not only " always oppose " infidels " in every way , " but " hate them for their religion ... for allah 's sake , " that democracy " is responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century , " that shia and other non-wahhabi muslims were infidels , etc . <SEP> who ?
the duchy of normandy , which began in 911 as a fiefdom , was established by the treaty of saint-clair-sur-epte between king charles iii of west francia and the famed viking ruler rollo , and was situated in the former frankish kingdom of neustria . <SEP> when ?
subject committees are established at the beginning of each parliamentary session , and again the members on each committee reflect the balance of parties across parliament . <SEP> when ?
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits . <SEP> how much energy loss ?
in a progressive tax system , the level of the top tax rate will often have a direct impact on the level of inequality within a society , either increasing it or decreasing it , provided that income does not change as a result of the change in tax regime . <SEP> what ?
boulton and watt 's early engines used half as much coal as john smeaton 's improved version of newcomen 's . <SEP> in addition to watt , boulton and smeaton , whose engine ?
the customary law of normandy was developed between the 10th and 13th centuries and survives today through the legal systems of jersey and guernsey in the channel islands . <SEP> where ?
miller had six total tackles ( five solo ) , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> how many solo sacks ?
martin luther married katharina von bora , one of 12 nuns he had helped escape from the nimbschen cistercian convent in april 1523 , when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels . <SEP> who ?
in england , it was not until 1823 that the medieval epidemic was first called the black death . <SEP> when ?
free oxygen also occurs in solution in the world 's water bodies . <SEP> where on earth ?
richard harbison 's purely morphological analysis in 1985 concluded that the cydippids are not monophyletic , in other words do not contain all and only the descendants of a single common ancestor that was itself a cydippid . <SEP> who ?
access can be via a dial-up terminal to a pad , or , by linking a permanent x.25 node to the network . <SEP> how ?
bills pass through parliament in a number of stages : <SEP> how ?
a study published in nature in october 2011 sequenced the genome of y. pestis from plague victims and indicated that the strain that caused the black death is ancestral to most modern strains of the disease . <SEP> when ?
however , his religious views remain uncertain due to other statements that he made . <SEP> what ?
the court of justice held that mr steymann was entitled to stay , so long as there was at least an " indirect quid pro quo " for the work he did . <SEP> what ?
in what are by kenyan standards unprecedented revelations , in 2010 , credible claims of corruption were made with regard to recruitment and procurement of armoured personnel carriers . <SEP> what ?
previous research on early hominids is particularly identified with mary leakey and louis leakey , who were responsible for the preliminary archaeological research at olorgesailie and hyrax hill . <SEP> who ?
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza . <SEP> who ?
the ascent engine was fired in abort mode , known as a " fire-in-the-hole " test , where it was lit simultaneously with jettison of the descent stage . <SEP> what ?
a series of three small civil wars known as the huguenot rebellions broke out , mainly in southwestern france , between 1621 and 1629. revolted against royal authority . <SEP> when ?
some fans considered this disingenuous , since the programme was scheduled against the soap opera coronation street , the most popular show at the time . <SEP> how popular ?
at the east end of the park , the tomb of the unknown soldier is situated . <SEP> which end of the saxon garden ?
just under 540,800 students were enrolled in public schools , and just over 311,800 in private schools . <SEP> how many students ?
most of its population is concentrated in the area surrounding port phillip bay , which includes the metropolitan area of its capital and largest city , melbourne , which is australia 's second-largest city . <SEP> what ?
rapid warming and changes of vegetation , to open forest , began about 13,000 bp . <SEP> when ?
for example , the multiplication of two integers can be expressed as the set of triples ( a , b , c ) such that the relation a × b = c holds . <SEP> what ?
unlike cydippids , the movements of lobates ' combs are coordinated by nerves rather than by water disturbances created by the cilia , yet combs on the same row beat in the same mexican wave style as the mechanically coordinated comb rows of cydippids and beroids . <SEP> by what ?
nikola credited his eidetic memory and creative abilities to his mother 's genetics and influence . <SEP> who ?
edward the confessor had set up the aforementioned ralph as earl of hereford and charged him with defending the marches and warring with the welsh . <SEP> who ?
the packets are routed individually , sometimes resulting in different paths and out-of-order delivery . <SEP> how ?
republicans , at first hostile to empire , only became supportive when germany started to build her own colonial empire . <SEP> when ?
even with this increase , the maximum it showed for the medieval warm period did not reach temperatures recorded in central england in 2007. the mbh99 finding was supported by cited reconstructions by jones et al . 1998 , pollack , huang & shen 1998 , crowley & lowery 2000 and briffa 2000 , using differing data and methods . <SEP> what ?
this stage comprises two parts : consideration of amendments to the bill as a general debate , and a final vote on the bill . <SEP> how many parts ?
in front of the presiding officers ' desk is the parliamentary mace , which is made from silver and inlaid with gold panned from scottish rivers and inscribed with the words : wisdom , compassion , justice and integrity . <SEP> what ?
still , abc 's limited reach would continue to hobble it for the next two decades ; several smaller markets would not grow large enough to support a full-time abc affiliate until the 1960s , with some very small markets having to wait as late as the 1980s or even the advent of digital television in the 2000s , which allowed stations like wtrf-tv in wheeling , west virginia to begin airing abc programming on a digital subchannel after airing the network 's programs outside of recommended timeslots decades before . <SEP> what ?
abc has also aired the miss america pageant from 1954 to 1956 , 1997 to 2005 ( with the television rights being assumed by cable channel tlc in 2006 , when the pageant moved from its longtime homebase in atlantic city to las vegas , before returning to atlantic city in 2013 ) and since 2011. under its current contract with the miss america organization , abc will continue to broadcast the pageant through 2016 . <SEP> what network ?
according to kuznets , countries with low levels of development have relatively equal distributions of wealth . <SEP> what ?
at the time the only concern was that member states should be prevented from violating human rights , hence the establishment of the european convention on human rights in 1950 and the establishment of the european court of human rights . <SEP> what other entity ?
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> when ?
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union . <SEP> what building ?
for example , prime ideals in the ring of integers of quadratic number fields can be used in proving quadratic reciprocity , a statement that concerns the solvability of quadratic equations <SEP> in what type of ring ?
more specifically , the double bond is the result of sequential , low-to-high energy , or aufbau , filling of orbitals , and the resulting cancellation of contributions from the 2s electrons , after sequential filling of the low σ and σ* orbitals ; σ overlap of the two atomic 2p orbitals that lie along the o-o molecular axis and π overlap of two pairs of atomic 2p orbitals perpendicular to the o-o molecular axis , and then cancellation of contributions from the remaining two of the six 2p electrons after their partial filling of the lowest π and π* orbitals . <SEP> what ?
in cases where the criminalized behavior is pure speech , civil disobedience can consist simply of engaging in the forbidden speech . <SEP> when ?
dr. harrison schmitt , a geologist , was the first nasa scientist astronaut to fly in space , and landed on the moon on the last mission , apollo 17. schmitt participated in the lunar geology training of all of the apollo landing crews . <SEP> which mission ?
there are also many places commemorating the heroic history of warsaw . <SEP> 
thus , the marginal utility of wealth per person ( " the additional dollar " ) decreases as a person becomes richer . <SEP> what ?
at the begin of the holocene ( ~11,700 years ago ) , the rhine occupied its late-glacial valley . <SEP> where ?
dendritic cells serve as a link between the bodily tissues and the innate and adaptive immune systems , as they present antigens to t cells , one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system . <SEP> what ?
davies is credited with coining the modern name packet switching and inspiring numerous packet switching networks in europe in the decade following , including the incorporation of the concept in the early arpanet in the united states . <SEP> what ?
the ipcc has since acknowledged that the date is incorrect , while reaffirming that the conclusion in the final summary was robust . <SEP> what ?
while the commission has a monopoly on initiating legislation , the european parliament and the council of the european union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process . <SEP> which entity ?
its substance was very similar to the proposed constitutional treaty , but it was formally an amending treaty , and – though it significantly altered the existing treaties – it did not completely replace them . <SEP> that ?
queen elizabeth ii opened the new building on 9 october 2004 . <SEP> who ?
it was not until robert koch 's 1891 proofs , for which he was awarded a nobel prize in 1905 , that microorganisms were confirmed as the cause of infectious disease . <SEP> what ?
on 10 january 1943 , new york city mayor fiorello la guardia read a eulogy written by slovene-american author louis adamic live over the wnyc radio while violin pieces " ave maria " and " tamo daleko " were played in the background . <SEP> who ?
magnetic stratigraphers look for signs of magnetic reversals in igneous rock units within the drill cores . <SEP> what types of scientists ?
to secure further loans , westinghouse was forced to revisit tesla 's ac patent , which bankers considered a financial strain on the company ( at that point westinghouse had paid out an estimated $ 200,000 in licenses and royalties to tesla , brown , and peck ) . <SEP> by 1897 , how much ?
his records indicate that the device is based on a narrow stream of small tungsten pellets that are accelerated via high voltage ( by means akin to his magnifying transformer ) . <SEP> of what material ?
the university of chicago library system encompasses six libraries that contain a total of 9.8 million volumes , the 11th most among library systems in the united states . <SEP> how man volumes ?
on 17 may 1899 , tesla moved to colorado springs , where he would have room for his high-voltage , high-frequency experiments ; his lab was located near foote ave. and kiowa st. he chose this location because the polyphase alternating current power distribution system had been introduced there and he had associates who were willing to give him all the power he needed without charging for it . <SEP> in what year ?
the duchy of normandy , which they formed by treaty with the french crown , was a great fief of medieval france , and under richard i of normandy was forged into a cohesive and formidable principality in feudal tenure . <SEP> who ?
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market . <SEP> what kind of pay gap ?
it also initiated several changes in its management : frederick s. pierce was named president of abc 's broadcasting division ; michael p. millardi became vice president of abc broadcasting , and president of abc owned stations and abc video enterprises ; john b. sias was appointed president of the abc television network ; brandon stoddard became president of abc entertainment ( a position to which he had been appointed in november 1985 ) ; and roone arledge became president of abc news and abc sports . <SEP> to what position ?
due to an fcc ban on same-market ownership of television and radio stations by a single company ( although the deal would have otherwise complied with new ownership rules implemented by the fcc in january 1985 , that allowed broadcasters to own a maximum of 12 television stations ) , abc and capital cities respectively decided to sell wxyz-tv and tampa independent station wfts-tv to the e. w. scripps company ( although capital cities/abc originally intended to seek a cross-ownership waiver to retain wxyz and capital cities-owned radio stations wjr and whyt ) . <SEP> 
one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air was conducted by the 2nd century bce greek writer on mechanics , philo of byzantium . <SEP> 
kublai besieged xiangyang between 1268 and 1273 , the last obstacle in his way to capture the rich yangzi river basin . <SEP> what area ?
" nun komm , der heiden heiland " ( now come , savior of the gentiles ) , based on veni redemptor gentium , became the main hymn ( hauptlied ) for advent . <SEP> what ?
before the conflict , however , several generals abandoned jamukha , including subutai , jelme 's well-known younger brother . <SEP> which well-known general ?
there are three private schools ( including the secondary school , st dominic 's college ) operated by the catholic schismatic group , the society of st pius x in wanganui . <SEP> what group ?
in 1998 , abc premiered the aaron sorkin-created sitcom sports night , centering on the travails of the staff of a sportscenter-style sports news program ; despite earning critical praise and multiple emmy awards , the series was cancelled in 2000 after two seasons . <SEP> what aaron sorkin ?
chloroplast ribosomes are about two-thirds the size of cytoplasmic ribosomes ( around 17 nm vs 25 nm ) . <SEP> how large ?
maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party in 1941 and remained its leader until 1972. however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising . <SEP> where ?
abc news provides news and features content for select radio stations owned by citadel broadcasting , which purchased the abc radio properties in 2007 . <SEP> in 2007 , what company ?
all humans are sinners by nature , he explained , and god 's grace ( which can not be earned ) alone can make them just . <SEP> what ?
therefore , genghis sent only two tumen ( 20,000 soldiers ) against kuchlug , under his younger general , jebe , known as " the arrow " . <SEP> which young general ?
they store co2 in a four-carbon compound , which is why the process is called c4 photosynthesis . <SEP> what ?
in one of the richest agricultural regions in the u.s. , cattle and citrus were major industries until farmlands were turned into suburbs . <SEP> what else ?
however , the potentials v ( x , y , z ) or fields , from which the forces generally can be derived , are treated similar to classical position variables , i.e. , . <SEP> how ?
in 1781 james watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotary motion . <SEP> what sort of motion ?
the usgs has released a california earthquake forecast which models earthquake occurrence in california . <SEP> which organization ?
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude . <SEP> what organization ?
doctor who first appeared on bbc tv at 17:16:20 gmt , eighty seconds after the scheduled programme time , 5:15 pm , on saturday , 23 november 1963. it was to be a regular weekly programme , each episode 25 minutes of transmission length . <SEP> how long ?
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach . <SEP> what ruler ?
by the early 20th century , einstein developed a theory of relativity that correctly predicted the action of forces on objects with increasing momenta near the speed of light , and also provided insight into the forces produced by gravitation and inertia . <SEP> who ?
the series debuted on bbc three on 22 october 2006. john barrowman reprised his role of jack harkness from the 2005 series of doctor who . <SEP> when ?
tullow oil estimates kenya 's oil reserves to be around 10 billion barrels . <SEP> how many barrels of oil ?
apollo was grounded again , for the remainder of 1970 while the oxygen tank was redesigned and an extra one was added . <SEP> what ?
second , inflammation may occur during sleep times due to the presence of melatonin . <SEP> 
some such schools teach religious education , together with the usual academic subjects to impress their particular faith 's beliefs and traditions in the students who attend . <SEP> what type of education ?
an islamist movement influenced by salafism and the jihad in afghanistan , as well as the muslim brotherhood , was the fis or front islamique de salut ( the islamic salvation front ) in algeria . <SEP> where ?
greater diversity in chloroplast shapes exists among the algae , which often contain a single chloroplast that can be shaped like a net ( e.g. , oedogonium ) , a cup ( e.g. , chlamydomonas ) , a ribbon-like spiral around the edges of the cell ( e.g. , spirogyra ) , or slightly twisted bands at the cell edges ( e.g. , sirogonium ) . <SEP> what shape ?
published at a time of rising demand for german-language publications , luther 's version quickly became a popular and influential bible translation . <SEP> what ?
the yuan government used woodblocks to print paper money , but switched to bronze plates in 1275. the mongols experimented with establishing the chinese-style paper monetary system in mongol-controlled territories outside of china . <SEP> when ?
temüjin began his ascent to power by offering himself as an ally ( or , according to other sources , a vassal ) to his father 's anda ( sworn brother or blood brother ) toghrul , who was khan of the keraites , and is better known by the chinese title " wang khan " , which the jurchen jin dynasty granted him in 1197. this relationship was first reinforced when börte was captured by the merkits . <SEP> what tribe ?
the shortcomings of aristotelian physics would not be fully corrected until the 17th century work of galileo galilei , who was influenced by the late medieval idea that objects in forced motion carried an innate force of impetus . <SEP> whose work ?
they were descended from norse ( " norman " comes from " norseman " ) raiders and pirates from denmark , iceland and norway who , under their leader rollo , agreed to swear fealty to king charles iii of west francia . <SEP> from which countries ?
in 2010 , newcastle was positioned ninth in the retail centre expenditure league of the uk . <SEP> what year ?
it is culturally diverse and also includes significant mexican-american and asian-american ( principally hmong or laotian ) populations . <SEP> what ?
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area . <SEP> what ?
tesla claimed to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy that he started working on in 1892 , and in 1937 , at age 81 , claimed in a letter to have completed a " dynamic theory of gravity " that " [ would ] put an end to idle speculations and false conceptions , as that of curved space . " <SEP> what shape of space ?
after his father 's death in 1879 , tesla found a package of letters from his professors to his father , warning that unless he were removed from the school , tesla would be killed through overwork . <SEP> what ?
only the series from 2009 onwards are available on blu-ray , except for the 1970 story spearhead from space , released in july 2013. many early releases have been re-released as special editions , with more bonus features . <SEP> what doctor ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> what halftime performer ?
due to pressure from film studios wanting to increase their production , as the major networks began airing theatrically released films , abc joined cbs and nbc in broadcasting films on sunday nights in 1962 , with the launch of the abc sunday night movie , which debuted a year behind its competitors and was initially presented in black-and-white . <SEP> what ?
the other major method of producing o 2 gas involves passing a stream of clean , dry air through one bed of a pair of identical zeolite molecular sieves , which absorbs the nitrogen and delivers a gas stream that is 90 % to 93 % o 2. simultaneously , nitrogen gas is released from the other nitrogen-saturated zeolite bed , by reducing the chamber operating pressure and diverting part of the oxygen gas from the producer bed through it , in the reverse direction of flow . <SEP> what percentage of oxygen ?
another example of the richness of the zeta function and a glimpse of modern algebraic number theory is the following identity ( basel problem ) , due to euler , <SEP> of what mathematical nature ?
mean monthly temperatures range from around 53 f in january to 82 f in july . <SEP> what ?
such problems are called np-intermediate problems . <SEP> what ?
as a result , with the exception of the largest markets , abc was relegated to secondary status on one or both of the existing stations , usually via off-hours clearances ( a notable exception during this time was wkst-tv in youngstown , ohio , now wytv , despite the small size of the surrounding market and its close proximity to cleveland and pittsburgh even decades before the city 's economic collapse ) . <SEP> 
the business consisted of a large public network that supported dial-up users and a private network business that allowed government agencies and large companies ( mostly banks and airlines ) to build their own dedicated networks . <SEP> 
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game . <SEP> what ?
in the spring of 1975 , fred pierce , the newly appointed president of abc television , convinced fred silverman to become the first president and director of programming of the independent television production subsidiary abc entertainment , created from the network 's namesake programming division . <SEP> who ?
while most chloroplasts originate from that first set of endosymbiotic events , paulinella chromatophora is an exception that acquired a photosynthetic cyanobacterial endosymbiont more recently . <SEP> where ?
it is tempting to think that the notion of function problems is much richer than the notion of decision problems . <SEP> how ?
the primary companions of the ninth and tenth doctors were rose tyler ( billie piper ) , martha jones ( freema agyeman ) , and donna noble ( catherine tate ) with mickey smith ( noel clarke ) and jack harkness ( john barrowman ) recurring as secondary companion figures . <SEP> who ?
as it developed , the new empire took on roles of trade with france , supplying raw materials and purchasing manufactured items , as well as lending prestige to the motherland and spreading french civilization and language as well as catholicism . <SEP> what religion ?
in the later 19th century , the increasing backlash against industrialization , led by john ruskin , contributed to the arts and crafts movement . <SEP> 
stretching of units can result in their thinning ; in fact , there is a location within the maria fold and thrust belt in which the entire sedimentary sequence of the grand canyon can be seen over a length of less than a meter . <SEP> where ?
he also realised that such administrators could not be found among his mongol people because they were nomads and thus had no experience governing cities . <SEP> why ?
the airport handles over five million passengers per year , and is the tenth largest , and the fastest growing regional airport in the uk , expecting to reach 10 million passengers by 2016 , and 15 million by 2030. as of 2007 [ update ] , over 90 destinations are available worldwide . <SEP> how many destinations ?
[ citation needed ] a group of huguenots was part of the french colonisers who arrived in brazil in 1555 to found france antarctique . <SEP> when ?
more than 26,000 square kilometres ( 10,000 sq mi ) of victorian farmland are sown for grain , mostly in the state 's west . <SEP> how much victorian farmland ?
as a result , those who are unable to afford an education , or choose not to pursue optional education , generally receive much lower wages . <SEP> what ?
on january 4 , 1984 , the new york times reported that abc , through its subsidiary abc video enterprises , had exercised its option to purchase up to 15 % ( or between $ 25 million and $ 30 million ) of getty oil 's shares in espn , which would allow it to expand its shares at a later date . <SEP> 
in between the french and the british , large areas were dominated by native tribes . <SEP> what ?
after the capital samarkand fell , the capital was moved to bukhara by the remaining men , while genghis khan ordered two of his generals and their forces to completely destroy the remnants of the khwarezmid empire , including not only royal buildings , but entire towns , populations , and even vast swaths of farmland . <SEP> what ?
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since . <SEP> which player ?
under this system , once the design is completed by the design team , a number of construction companies or construction management companies may then be asked to make a bid for the work , either based directly on the design , or on the basis of drawings and a bill of quantities provided by a quantity surveyor . <SEP> who ?
another example was the insignificance of the ministry of war compared with native chinese dynasties , as the real military authority in yuan times resided in the privy council . <SEP> who ?
in 1952 , following pressure from tesla 's nephew , sava kosanović , tesla 's entire estate was shipped to belgrade in 80 trunks marked n.t . <SEP> where ?
the main windows to the galleries are also mullioned and transomed , again a gothic feature , the top row of windows are interspersed with statues of many of the british artists whose work is displayed in the museum . <SEP> statues of british artists ?
still , the denomination is pro-choice and also " was a founding member of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ... [ and ] 2008 general conference [ went ] on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice " . <SEP> 
they only pupate and then emerge from their burrows after 7 , 13 or 17 years , at which point they fly about , breed , and then die after a few weeks at most . <SEP> what ?
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos . <SEP> what yard marker on the field ?
better than anyone else she represented the art deco style in painting and art . <SEP> what ?
but a storm dispersed the fleet . <SEP> what ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> when ?
the lobata have a pair of lobes , which are muscular , cuplike extensions of the body that project beyond the mouth . <SEP> what ?
he first constructed fort presque isle ( near present-day erie , pennsylvania ) on lake erie 's south shore . <SEP> where ?
often a second , additional meaning is intended by using the word prime , namely that any object can be , essentially uniquely , decomposed into its prime components . <SEP> what ?
between 1402 and 1405 , the expedition led by the norman noble jean de bethencourt and the poitevine gadifer de la salle conquered the canarian islands of lanzarote , fuerteventura and el hierro off the atlantic coast of africa . <SEP> what continent ?
the crew that flew the first earth orbital test mission apollo 7 , walter m. schirra , donn eisele , and walter cunningham , were awarded the lesser nasa exceptional service medal , because of discipline problems with the flight director 's orders during their flight . <SEP> what ?
during the 20th century , historians john gallagher ( 1919–1980 ) and ronald robinson ( 1920–1999 ) constructed a framework for understanding european imperialism . <SEP> when ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> when ?
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959. the series went on to quickly become " immensely popular " . <SEP> when ?
in january 2016 , moffat announced that he would step down after the 2017 finale , to be replaced by chris chibnall in 2018. in addition , series 10 will debut in spring 2017 , with a christmas special broadcast in 2016 . <SEP> who ?
while the concept of a " social market economy " was only introduced into eu law in 2007 , free movement and trade were central to european development since the treaty of rome 1957. according to the standard theory of comparative advantage , two countries can both benefit from trade even if one of them has a less productive economy in all respects . <SEP> how long ?
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices . <SEP> when ?
the calvin cycle starts by using the enzyme rubisco to fix co2 into five-carbon ribulose bisphosphate ( rubp ) molecules . <SEP> what cycle ?
finally , the 1996 television film premièred on 12 may 1996 on citv in edmonton , canada , 15 days before the bbc one showing , and two days before it aired on fox in the united states . <SEP> how many days ?
cost overruns with government projects have occurred when the contractor identified change orders or project changes that increased costs , which are not subject to competition from other firms as they have already been eliminated from consideration after the initial bid . <SEP> when ?
most of these districts are located in northern san diego and some within north county regions . <SEP> outside of northern san diego , which other region ?
most work has been done on the spread of the plague in england , and even estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100 % as no census was undertaken between the time of publication of the domesday book and the year 1377. estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy . <SEP> how much ?
luther 's final journey , to mansfeld , was taken because of his concern for his siblings ' families continuing in their father hans luther 's copper mining trade . <SEP> for whom ?
necessity-based entrepreneurship is motivated by survival needs such as income for food and shelter ( " push " motivations ) , whereas opportunity-based entrepreneurship is driven by achievement-oriented motivations ( " pull " ) such as vocation and more likely to involve the pursue of new products , services , or underserved market needs . <SEP> 
they retained the religious provisions of the edict of nantes until the rule of louis xiv , who progressively increased persecution of them until he issued the edict of fontainebleau ( 1685 ) , which abolished all legal recognition of protestantism in france , and forced the huguenots to convert . <SEP> which french kind ?
multiple circumnavigator david scott cowper , nobel prize winning physicist peter higgs , and former wwe nxt champion neville were born in the city . <SEP> what prize ?
the interpretation of islam promoted by this funding was the strict , conservative saudi-based wahhabism or salafism . <SEP> what type of interpretation of islam ?
in the united states , the industry in 2014 has around $ 960 billion in annual revenue according to statistics tracked by the census bureau , of which $ 680 billion is private ( split evenly between residential and nonresidential ) and the remainder is government . <SEP> how much revenue ?
unlike cydippids , the movements of lobates ' combs are coordinated by nerves rather than by water disturbances created by the cilia , yet combs on the same row beat in the same mexican wave style as the mechanically coordinated comb rows of cydippids and beroids . <SEP> by what ?
according to international monetary fund economists , inequality in wealth and income is negatively correlated with the duration of economic growth spells ( not the rate of growth ) . <SEP> what ?
there are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end , and are spaced evenly round the body . <SEP> how many rows of combs ?
during the oligocene , for example , the rainforest spanned a relatively narrow band . <SEP> during which period in history ?
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin . <SEP> where ?
from 1947 to 1967 , the dollar price of oil had risen by less than two percent per year . <SEP> from 1947 to 1967 , how much ?
although the 7–4–2–3 system theoretically ended with the introduction of the new 8–4–4 system in 1985 , the last batch of students from the former system graduated from kenyan universities in 1992 . <SEP> when ?
warsaw was the beloved city of isaac bashevis singer , which he described in many of his novels : warsaw has just now been destroyed . <SEP> who ?
tesla may have inadvertently captured an x-ray image—predating , by a few weeks , wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 announcement of the discovery of x-rays—when he tried to photograph mark twain illuminated by a geissler tube , an earlier type of gas discharge tube . <SEP> who ?
planetary geologists have measured different abundances of oxygen isotopes in samples from the earth , the moon , mars , and meteorites , but were long unable to obtain reference values for the isotope ratios in the sun , believed to be the same as those of the primordial solar nebula . <SEP> what celestial object ?
bishops thus elected serve episcopal areas , which consist of one or more annual conferences . <SEP> what ?
the warsaw stock exchange is one of the largest and most important in central and eastern europe . <SEP> what exchange in warsaw ?
the ruhr , which joins the rhine in duisburg , is nowadays a clean river , thanks to a combination of stricter environmental controls , a transition from heavy industry to light industry and cleanup measures , such as the reforestation of slag and brownfields . <SEP> what rive ?
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide . <SEP> what ?
the primary law of the eu consists mainly of the founding treaties , the " core " treaties being the treaty on european union ( teu ) and the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( tfeu ) . <SEP> what ?
in the same interview , tesla said that he believed that all fundamental laws could be reduced to one . <SEP> how many ?
it was not until january 1518 that friends of luther translated the 95 theses from latin into german and printed and widely copied them , making the controversy one of the first in history to be aided by the printing press . <SEP> what device ?
butterflies were electrified , swirling in circles with blue halos of st. elmo 's fire around their wings . <SEP> what ?
in an optical mineralogy analysis , thin sections of rock samples are analyzed through a petrographic microscope , where the minerals can be identified through their different properties in plane-polarized and cross-polarized light , including their birefringence , pleochroism , twinning , and interference properties with a conoscopic lens . <SEP> what properties ?
one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection is the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet dated c1750 from germany , with especially fine marquetry and ormolu mounts . <SEP> to which year ?
chloroplasts can not be made by the plant cell and must be inherited by each daughter cell during cell division . <SEP> how ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> what other city ?
he often accompanied the sung hymns with a lute , later recreated as the waldzither that became a national instrument of germany in the 20th century . <SEP> what instrument ?
he insisted that , since forgiveness was god 's alone to grant , those who claimed that indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation were in error . <SEP> what ?
the v & a presented a combined concert/lecture by british progressive folk-rock band gryphon , who explored the lineage of mediaeval music and instrumentation and related how those contributed to contemporary music 500 years later . <SEP> which musical group ?
this means commissioners are , through the appointment process , the unelected subordinates of member state governments . <SEP> who ?
dr. harrison schmitt , a geologist , was the first nasa scientist astronaut to fly in space , and landed on the moon on the last mission , apollo 17. schmitt participated in the lunar geology training of all of the apollo landing crews . <SEP> who ?
tyneside flats were built as terraces , one of each pair of doors led to an upstairs flat while the other led into the ground-floor flat , each of two or three rooms . <SEP> what ?
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network . <SEP> what ?
while bskyb had been excluded from being a part of the ondigital consortium , thereby making them a competitor by default , bskyb was able to join itv digital 's free-to-air replacement , freeview , in which it holds an equal stake with the bbc , itv , channel 4 and national grid wireless . <SEP> what consortium ?
the legislature of the european union is principally composed of the european parliament and the council of the european union , which under the treaties may establish secondary law to pursue the objective set out in the treaties . <SEP> what ?
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies . <SEP> who ?
some scholars , such as mark u. edwards in his book luther 's last battles : politics and polemics 1531–46 ( 1983 ) , suggest that since luther 's increasingly antisemitic views developed during the years his health deteriorated , it is possible they were at least partly the product of a declining state of mind . <SEP> what ?
it concludes that the forest is on the brink of being turned into savanna or desert , with catastrophic consequences for the world 's climate . <SEP> what ?
for example , in sedimentary rocks , it is common for gravel from an older formation to be ripped up and included in a newer layer . <SEP> what ?
inherited wealth may help explain why many americans who have become rich may have had a " substantial head start " . <SEP> what ?
a controversial aspect of imperialism is the defense and justification of empire-building based on seemingly rational grounds . <SEP> what ?
a few years after the first crusade , in 1107 , the normans under the command of bohemond , robert 's son , landed in valona and besieged dyrrachium using the most sophisticated military equipment of the time , but to no avail . <SEP> who ?
to the east is the colorado desert and the colorado river at the border with arizona , and the mojave desert at the border with the state of nevada . <SEP> what ?
exceptional examples of the bourgeois architecture of the later periods were not restored by the communist authorities after the war ( like mentioned kronenberg palace and insurance company rosja building ) or they were rebuilt in socialist realism style ( like warsaw philharmony edifice originally inspired by palais garnier in paris ) . <SEP> what style ?
proving that any of these classes are unequal would be a major breakthrough in complexity theory . <SEP> what evidence between and among complexity classes ?
he would even have his mother adopt orphans from the conquered tribe , bringing them into his family . <SEP> who ?
the normal force is due to repulsive forces of interaction between atoms at close contact . <SEP> what ?
fraud is a problem in many fields , but is notoriously prevalent in the construction field . <SEP> what financial issue ?
the bond can be variously described based on level of theory , but is reasonably and simply described as a covalent double bond that results from the filling of molecular orbitals formed from the atomic orbitals of the individual oxygen atoms , the filling of which results in a bond order of two . <SEP> of what ?
analysis of a silicon wafer exposed to the solar wind in space and returned by the crashed genesis spacecraft has shown that the sun has a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than does the earth . <SEP> what spacecraft ?
the genghis khan mausoleum , constructed many years after his death , is his memorial , but not his burial site . <SEP> what memorial ?
such cities , which have over 100,000 people or these , where already was president before 1990. the first warsaw president was jan andrzej menich ( 1695–1696 ) . <SEP> when ?
like the lombardi trophy , the " 50 " will be designed by tiffany & co . <SEP> who ?
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible . <SEP> that ?
if np is not the same as p , then the np-complete problems are also intractable in this sense . <SEP> what type of problems ?
mcletchie was elected on the lothian regional list and the conservatives suffered a net loss of five seats , with leader annabel goldie claiming that their support had held firm . <SEP> what net loss ?
in his many notes on the early investigation of this phenomenon , he attributed the skin damage to various causes . <SEP> what ?
these insects spend most of their lives as grubs underground . <SEP> where ?
in 1418 , jean 's nephew maciot de bethencourt sold the rights to the islands to enrique pérez de guzmán , 2nd count de niebla . <SEP> who ?
san francisco city supervisor jane kim unsuccessfully lobbied for the nfl to reimburse san francisco for city services in the amount of $ 5 million . <SEP> who ?
of the nine members of the european economic community ( eec ) , the netherlands faced a complete embargo , the uk and france received almost uninterrupted supplies ( having refused to allow america to use their airfields and embargoed arms and supplies to both the arabs and the israelis ) , while the other six faced partial cutbacks . <SEP> which country ?
most of the emperors could not master written chinese , but they could generally converse well in the language . <SEP> how well ?
nk cells also kill tumorous cells in a similar way , especially if the tumor cells have fewer mhc class i molecules on their surface than normal ; this is a common phenomenon with tumors . <SEP> 
on 31 july 1963 whitaker commissioned terry nation to write a story under the title the mutants . <SEP> who ?
he encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration , nonviolent civil disobedience , and violent civil disobedience . <SEP> 
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt . <SEP> how many yards ?
former prime minister of thailand abhisit vejjajiva , was born in the city . <SEP> what country ?
at the time , iran was the world 's second-largest oil exporter and a close us ally . <SEP> who ?
doctor who finally returned with the episode " rose " on bbc one on 26 march 2005. there have since been nine further series in 2006–2008 and 2010–2015 , and christmas day specials every year since 2005. no full series was filmed in 2009 , although four additional specials starring david tennant were made . <SEP> what type of special doctor who shows ?
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) . <SEP> how long ?
nevertheless , a few other yuan emperors actively sponsored cultural activities ; an example is tugh temur ( emperor wenzong ) , who wrote poetry , painted , read chinese classical texts , and ordered the compilation of books . <SEP> what ?
the exception was the role of genghis khan and his family . <SEP> who ?
further , newton realized that the acceleration due to gravity is proportional to the mass of the attracting body . <SEP> what ?
this is because competition between workers drives down the wage . <SEP> what drives down wages in a job with many workers willing ?
the program passed into history by 1910 . <SEP> who ?
helper t cells have a weaker association with the mhc : antigen complex than observed for killer t cells , meaning many receptors ( around 200–300 ) on the helper t cell must be bound by an mhc : antigen in order to activate the helper cell , while killer t cells can be activated by engagement of a single mhc : antigen molecule . <SEP> how many ?
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek . <SEP> where ?
immunosuppressive drugs such as cyclosporin prevent t cells from responding to signals correctly by inhibiting signal transduction pathways . <SEP> what ?
cash flow problems exist when the present amount of funding can not cover the current costs for labour and materials , and because they are a matter of having sufficient funds at a specific time , can arise even when the overall total is enough . <SEP> when ?
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku . <SEP> what ?
the heat required for boiling the water and supplying the steam can be derived from various sources , most commonly from burning combustible materials with an appropriate supply of air in a closed space ( called variously combustion chamber , firebox ) . <SEP> what ?
the site currently houses three cinemas , including the restored classic —the united kingdom 's last surviving news cinema still in full-time operation—alongside two new screens , a roof extension containing the tyneside bar , and dedicated education and teaching suites . <SEP> how many ?
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) . <SEP> what ?
sir charles lyell first published his famous book , principles of geology , in 1830. this book , which influenced the thought of charles darwin , successfully promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism . <SEP> what doctrine ?
endosymbiotic gene transfer is how we know about the lost chloroplasts in many chromalveolate lineages . <SEP> what shows us ?
later mongol chronicles connect genghis ' death with a western xia princess taken as war booty . <SEP> 
from 2000 to 2007 it killed 542 people in 140 suicide bombing or " martyrdom operations " . <SEP> how many people ?
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . " <SEP> what country ?
in the case of spacesuits , the o 2 partial pressure in the breathing gas is , in general , about 30 kpa ( 1.4 times normal ) , and the resulting o 2 partial pressure in the astronaut 's arterial blood is only marginally more than normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure ( for more information on this , see space suit and arterial blood gas ) . <SEP> how much of normal ?
the rhine is the longest river in germany . <SEP> what ?
on 30 july 1891 , at the age of 35 , tesla became a naturalized citizen of the united states , and established his south fifth avenue laboratory , and later another at 46 e. houston street , in new york . <SEP> how old ?
the final major evolution of the steam engine design was the use of steam turbines starting in the late part of the 19th century . <SEP> what ?
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams . <SEP> who ?
temujin 's resentment erupted during one hunting excursion that temüjin and his brother khasar killed their half-brother begter . <SEP> who ?
of course , some complexity classes have complicated definitions that do not fit into this framework . <SEP> into what ?
however , nozick recognized that some modern economic inequalities were the result of forceful taking of property , and a certain amount of redistribution would be justified to compensate for this force but not because of the inequalities themselves . <SEP> how ?
it was only the orbit of the planet mercury that newton 's law of gravitation seemed not to fully explain . <SEP> what planet ?
fresno native audra mcdonald performed in the leading roles of evita and the wiz at the theater while she was a high school student . <SEP> which two ?
when the mongols placed the uighurs of the kingdom of qocho over the koreans at the court the korean king objected , then the mongol emperor kublai khan rebuked the korean king , saying that the uighur king of qocho was ranked higher than the karluk kara-khanid ruler , who in turn was ranked higher than the korean king , who was ranked last , because the uighurs surrendered to the mongols first , the karluks surrendered after the uighurs , and the koreans surrendered last , and that the uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting . <SEP> who ?
in the aftermath of generally poor french results in most theaters of the seven years ' war in 1758 , france 's new foreign minister , the duc de choiseul , decided to focus on an invasion of britain , to draw british resources away from north america and the european mainland . <SEP> what ?
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away . <SEP> what player ?
when the committee for non-violent action sponsored a protest in august 1957 , at the camp mercury nuclear test site near las vegas , nevada , 13 of the protesters attempted to enter the test site knowing that they faced arrest . <SEP> where in las vegas ?
the better jacksonville plan , promoted as a blueprint for jacksonville 's future and approved by jacksonville voters in 2000 , authorized a half-penny sales tax . <SEP> what ?
the shape of the rhine delta is determined by two bifurcations : first , at millingen aan de rijn , the rhine splits into waal and pannerdens kanaal , which changes its name to nederrijn at angeren , and second near arnhem , the ijssel branches off from the nederrijn . <SEP> where ?
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) . <SEP> how many bodies of water ?
tesla 's father , in a moment of despair , promised to send him to the best engineering school if he recovered from the illness ( his father had originally wanted him to enter the priesthood ) . <SEP> what bargain ?
in 1529 , warsaw for the first time became the seat of the general sejm , permanent from 1569. in 1573 the city gave its name to the warsaw confederation , formally establishing religious freedom in the polish–lithuanian commonwealth . <SEP> what ?
while this effort has by no means converted all , or even most muslims to the wahhabist interpretation of islam , it has done much to overwhelm more moderate local interpretations , and has set the saudi-interpretation of islam as the " gold standard " of religion in minds of some or many muslims . <SEP> 
nevertheless , the format of the congress and many specifics of the plan became the prototype for confederation during the war of independence . <SEP> what ?
chamber debates and committee meetings are open to the public . <SEP> who ?
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty . <SEP> where ?
ht does not engage in armed jihad or work for a democratic system , but works to take power through " ideological struggle " to change muslim public opinion , and in particular through elites who will " facilitate " a " change of the government , " i.e. , launch a " bloodless " coup . <SEP> how ?
private education in north america covers the whole gamut of educational activity , ranging from pre-school to tertiary level institutions . <SEP> what region ?
japanese imports , primarily the toyota corona , the toyota corolla , the datsun b210 , the datsun 510 , the honda civic , the mitsubishi galant ( a captive import from chrysler sold as the dodge colt ) , the subaru dl , and later the honda accord all had four cylinder engines that were more fuel efficient than the typical american v8 and six cylinder engines . <SEP> what type of engines ?
the " hugues hypothesis " argues that the name was derived by association with hugues capet , king of france , who reigned long before the reformation . <SEP> from what french king ?
as such , the church 's theological orientation is decidedly wesleyan . <SEP> what ?
also developed by troika , the on-air design was intended to emphasize the availability of abc content across multiple platforms ( in particular , using a system of icons representing different devices , such as television , computers and mobile devices ) , and " simplify and bring a lot more consistency and continuity to the visual representation of abc " . <SEP> who ?
however , kusala suddenly died only four days after a banquet with tugh temür . <SEP> how long after a banquet with tugh temur ?
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott . <SEP> what university 's facility ?
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms . <SEP> what ?
in the fall of 1949 , abc found itself in the position of an outsider , with less coverage than two of its competing networks , cbs and nbc , even though it was on par with them in some major cities and had a headstart over its third rival at the time , the dumont television network . <SEP> who ?
some of these primes have been found using distributed computing . <SEP> what ?
however , the requirements to be registered in milan before being able to practice would be allowed if they were non-discriminatory , " justified by imperative requirements in the general interest " and proportionately applied . <SEP> under what ?
hosted throughout its abc tenure by regis philbin , the program became a major ratings success throughout its initial summer run , which led abc to renew millionaire as a regular series , returning on january 18 , 2000. at its peak , the program aired as much as six nights a week . <SEP> who ?
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game . <SEP> who ?
positive reinforcement is balanced with immediate and fair punishment for misbehavior and firm , clear boundaries define what is appropriate and inappropriate behavior . <SEP> what ?
its annual budget is greater than $ 2 million . <SEP> roughly how much ?
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side . <SEP> who ?
hence most attention has until recently concentrated on three coastal genera – pleurobrachia , beroe and mnemiopsis . <SEP> which ?
a further contract to build the ac distribution system was awarded to general electric . <SEP> what company ?
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area . <SEP> how many ?
khublai evoked his public image as a sage emperor by following the rituals of confucian propriety and ancestor veneration , while simultaneously retaining his roots as a leader from the steppes . <SEP> what ?
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated . <SEP> with what unexpected status ?
glazing was placed over the historic arches and the victorian architecture was enhanced ; transforming the 19th century public portico . <SEP> what ?
ironmaster , metallurgist , and member of parliament isaac lowthian bell was born in the city in 1816. other notable people born in or associated with newcastle include : engineer and industrialist lord armstrong , engineer and father of the modern steam railways george stephenson , his son , also an engineer , robert stephenson , engineer and inventor of the steam turbine sir charles parsons , inventor of the incandescent light bulb sir joseph swan , modernist poet basil bunting , and lord chief justice peter taylor . <SEP> who ?
in early 1938 , tesla was able to get up . <SEP> when ?
in 1903 , harvard stadium introduced a new era into football with the first-ever permanent reinforced concrete stadium of its kind in the country . <SEP> in what year ?
most of the g3p molecules are recycled back into rubp using energy from more atp , but one out of every six produced leaves the cycle—the end product of the dark reactions . <SEP> how many ?
southern california consists of one combined statistical area , eight metropolitan statistical areas , one international metropolitan area , and multiple metropolitan divisions . <SEP> what ?
primary school is free in public schools and those who exit at this level can join a vocational youth/village polytechnic or make their own arrangements for an apprenticeship program and learn a trade such as tailoring , carpentry , motor vehicle repair , brick-laying and masonry for about two years . <SEP> what ?
most british colonies mustered local militia companies , generally ill trained and available only for short periods , to deal with native threats , but did not have any standing forces . <SEP> what ?
after the fortress fell , genghis supposedly reneged on his surrender terms and executed every soldier that had taken arms against him at samarkand . <SEP> how ?
university of chicago scholars have played a major role in the development of various academic disciplines , including : the chicago school of economics , the chicago school of sociology , the law and economics movement in legal analysis , the chicago school of literary criticism , the chicago school of religion , and the behavioralism school of political science . <SEP> university of chicago scholars ?
effects of inequality researchers have found include higher rates of health and social problems , and lower rates of social goods , a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted on high-end consumption , and even a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption . <SEP> what ?
the prince of płock , bolesław ii of masovia , established this settlement , the modern-day warsaw , in about 1300. in the beginning of the 14th century it became one of the seats of the dukes of masovia , becoming the official capital of masovian duchy in 1413 . <SEP> when ?
john paul ii 's visits to his native country in 1979 and 1983 brought support to the budding solidarity movement and encouraged the growing anti-communist fervor there . <SEP> what ?
on july 31 , 1995 , the walt disney company announced an agreement to merge with capital cities/abc for $ 19 billion . <SEP> when ?
before the return of the collections after the war , the britain can make it exhibition was held between september and november 1946 , attracting nearly a million and a half visitors . <SEP> how many visitors ?
although there was some racism directed at them , there was not the level of anti-chinese violence that was seen at the lambing flat riots in new south wales . <SEP> where ?
this combination of mhc and antigen attracts a matching helper t cell , which releases lymphokines and activates the b cell . <SEP> what ?
cryptophytes , or cryptomonads are a group of algae that contain a red-algal derived chloroplast . <SEP> what kind of chloroplasts ?
his wife katharina was overheard saying , " dear husband , you are too rude , " and he responded , " they are teaching me to be rude . " <SEP> who ?
although building construction projects typically include various common elements , such as design , financial , estimating and legal considerations , many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results , such as structural collapse , cost overruns , and/or litigation . <SEP> what ?
later on , broncos receiver jordan norwood received brad nortman 's short 28-yard punt surrounded by panthers players , but none of them attempted to make a tackle , apparently thinking norwood had called a fair catch . <SEP> who ?
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) . <SEP> what ?
kenya 's services sector , which contributes 61 % of gdp , is dominated by tourism . <SEP> how much ?
for example , joseph haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the lebanon , new hampshire city councilors stating , " wise up or die . " <SEP> what ?
the theory was later modified to reflect new discoveries regarding histocompatibility or the complex " two-signal " activation of t cells . <SEP> what ?
the historian francis aidan gasquet wrote about the 'great pestilence ' in 1893 and suggested that " it would appear to be some form of the ordinary eastern or bubonic plague " . <SEP> what ?
a sharp rise in nationalism in scotland during the late 1960s fuelled demands for some form of home rule or complete independence , and in 1969 prompted the incumbent labour government of harold wilson to set up the kilbrandon commission to consider the british constitution . <SEP> when ?
it is believed that the civilization was later devastated by the spread of diseases from europe , such as smallpox . <SEP> what ?
with international criminal court trial dates in 2013 for both president kenyatta and deputy president william ruto related to the 2007 election aftermath , us president barack obama chose not to visit the country during his mid-2013 african trip . <SEP> what ?
plants have two main immune responses—the hypersensitive response , in which infected cells seal themselves off and undergo programmed cell death , and systemic acquired resistance , where infected cells release signals warning the rest of the plant of a pathogen 's presence . <SEP> what ?
the main sources of primary law are the treaties establishing the european union . <SEP> what ?
they are called hierarchy theorems because they induce a proper hierarchy on the classes defined by constraining the respective resources . <SEP> 
the provisional elder/deacon is a seminary graduate who serves a two-three-year term in a full-time appointment after being commissioned . <SEP> what ?
before the freeze ended in 1952 , there were only 108 existing television stations in the united states ; a few major cities ( such as boston ) had only two television stations , many other cities ( such as pittsburgh and st. louis ) had only one , and still many others ( such as denver and portland ) did not yet have any television service . <SEP> how many television stations ?
doctor who is a british science-fiction television programme produced by the bbc since 1963. the programme depicts the adventures of the doctor , a time lord—a space and time-travelling humanoid alien . <SEP> who ?
[ citation needed ] on november 28 , 1995 , bill clinton signed the national highway designation act , ending the federal 55 mph ( 89 km/h ) speed limit , allowing states to restore their prior maximum speed limit . <SEP> which president ?
together in april 1887 they formed the tesla electric company with an agreement that profits from generated patents would go ⅓ to tesla , ⅓ to peck and brown , and ⅓ to fund development . <SEP> where ?
teachers that spend more time interacting and working directly with students are perceived as supportive and effective teachers . <SEP> 
while bskyb had been excluded from being a part of the ondigital consortium , thereby making them a competitor by default , bskyb was able to join itv digital 's free-to-air replacement , freeview , in which it holds an equal stake with the bbc , itv , channel 4 and national grid wireless . <SEP> who ?
chloroplasts are only found in plants and algae . <SEP> which organisms ?
some have described the internal strife between various people groups as a form of imperialism or colonialism . <SEP> 
victoria contains many topographically , geologically and climatically diverse areas , ranging from the wet , temperate climate of gippsland in the southeast to the snow-covered victorian alpine areas which rise to almost 2,000 m ( 6,600 ft ) , with mount bogong the highest peak at 1,986 m ( 6,516 ft ) . <SEP> how high ?
out of these , three are heavy populated areas : the los angeles area with over 12 million inhabitants , the riverside-san bernardino area with over four million inhabitants , and the san diego area with over 3 million inhabitants . <SEP> how many inhabitants ?
an increase in imported cars into north america forced general motors , ford and chrysler to introduce smaller and fuel-efficient models for domestic sales . <SEP> why ?
civil disobedients ' refraining from violence is also said to help preserve society 's tolerance of civil disobedience . <SEP> that ?
cbs set the base rate for a 30-second advertisement at $ 5,000,000 , a record high price for a super bowl ad . <SEP> what ?
it is perhaps the first modern [ vague ] statement of the principle of nonviolent protest . <SEP> what ?
doctor who books have been published from the mid-sixties through to the present day . <SEP> when ?
mongolia 's main international airport in ulaanbaatar is named chinggis khaan international airport . <SEP> what ?
tvontario picked up the show in 1976 beginning with the three doctors and aired each series ( several years late ) through to series 24 in 1991. from 1979 to 1981 , tvo airings were bookended by science-fiction writer judith merril who would introduce the episode and then , after the episode concluded , try to place it in an educational context in keeping with tvo 's status as an educational channel . <SEP> what ?
oxygen is the most abundant element by mass in the earth 's crust as part of oxide compounds such as silicon dioxide , making up almost half of the crust 's mass . <SEP> what element ?
genghis khan , after conquering deshun , went to liupanshan ( qingshui county , gansu province ) to escape the severe summer . <SEP> where ?
the theory formalizes this intuition , by introducing mathematical models of computation to study these problems and quantifying the amount of resources needed to solve them , such as time and storage . <SEP> what method ?
many centuries later leonardo da vinci built on philo 's work by observing that a portion of air is consumed during combustion and respiration . <SEP> what famous artist ?
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) . <SEP> what ?
f and −f are equal in magnitude and opposite in direction . <SEP> what ?
the area was originally inhabited by the timucua people , and in 1564 was the site of the french colony of fort caroline , one of the earliest european settlements in what is now the continental united states . <SEP> by what people ?
gareth hoskins was responsible for contemporary and architecture , softroom , islamic middle east and the members ' room , mcinnes usher mcknight architects ( muma ) were responsible for the new cafe and designed the new medieval and renaissance galleries which opened in 2009 . <SEP> who ?
with istanbul as its capital and control of lands around the mediterranean basin , the ottoman empire was at the center of interactions between the eastern and western worlds for six centuries . <SEP> what ?
nasa immediately convened an accident review board , overseen by both houses of congress . <SEP> how soon after the cabin fire incident ?
like much of the south atlantic region of the united states , jacksonville has a humid subtropical climate ( köppen cfa ) , with mild weather during winters and hot and humid weather during summers . <SEP> what type of climate ?
but when saddam , secularist and ba'athist dictator of neighboring iraq , attacked saudi arabia ( his enemy in the war ) , western troops came to protect the saudi monarchy . <SEP> what monarchy ?
research by harvard economist robert barro , found that there is " little overall relation between income inequality and rates of growth and investment " . <SEP> 
for instance , the set of problems solvable within time f ( n ) on a deterministic turing machine is then denoted by dtime ( f ( n ) ) . <SEP> what ?
this is typically done on moral issues . <SEP> what type of issues ?
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower . <SEP> where ?
while chinese primary schools were allowed to retain chinese as the medium of instruction , chinese secondary schools are required to change into english-medium schools . <SEP> what language ?
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " . <SEP> who ?
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water . <SEP> what ?
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1. the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) ! <SEP> what type of decimal ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> which denver linebacker ?
mongolians maintain that the historical records written by non-mongolians are unfairly biased against genghis khan and that his butchery is exaggerated , while his positive role is underrated . <SEP> what ?
in august 1917 , tesla explained what had happened in the electrical experimenter : " as an example of what has been done with several hundred kilowatts of high frequency energy liberated , it was found that the dynamos in a power house six miles away were repeatedly burned out , due to the powerful high frequency currents set up in them , and which caused heavy sparks to jump through the windings and destroy the insulation ! " <SEP> what ?
as the eck continued to count the votes , kibaki closed the gap and then overtook his opponent by a substantial margin after votes from his stronghold arrived later . <SEP> what ?
the fresno chandler executive airport is also on the west side . <SEP> where ?
on the other hand , luther also points out that the ten commandments – when considered not as god 's condemning judgment but as an expression of his eternal will , that is , of the natural law – also positively teach how the christian ought to live . <SEP> what ?
it is from here that the corporation broadcasts the look north television regional news programme and local radio station bbc radio newcastle . <SEP> what local radio station ?
he went on to produce several critical pamphlets on islam , which he called " mohammedanism " or " the turk " . <SEP> what type of writings ?
warsaw 's economy , by a wide variety of industries , is characterised by fmcg manufacturing , metal processing , steel and electronic manufacturing and food processing . <SEP> what ?
crime rate has also been shown to be correlated with inequality in society . <SEP> what ?
kenya has competed in the cricket world cup since 1996. they upset some of the world 's best teams and reached semi-finals of the 2003 tournament . <SEP> when ?
there are lot of small lakes in the parks , but only a few are permanent – the majority are emptied before winter to clean them of plants and sediments . <SEP> why ?
for the 2012–13 school year annual tuition was $ 38,000 , with a total cost of attendance of $ 57,000 . <SEP> what ?
southern california contains a mediterranean climate , with infrequent rain and many sunny days . <SEP> what kind of climate ?
when rich countries trade with poor countries , the low-skilled workers in the rich countries may see reduced wages as a result of the competition , while low-skilled workers in the poor countries may see increased wages . <SEP> when rich countries ?
huguenot numbers peaked near an estimated two million by 1562 , concentrated mainly in the southern and central parts of france , about one-eighth the number of french catholics . <SEP> where ?
five of the remaining six missions achieved successful landings , but the apollo 13 landing was prevented by an oxygen tank explosion in transit to the moon , which disabled the command spacecraft 's propulsion and life support . <SEP> how many of the remaining launches ?
the area corresponded to the northern part of present-day upper normandy down to the river seine , but the duchy would eventually extend west beyond the seine . <SEP> what river ?
in november 2006 , the victorian legislative council elections were held under a new multi-member proportional representation system . <SEP> what kind of representational system ?
entry is free , but booking in advance is recommended due to limited space . <SEP> how much ?
moreover , some churches , especially in 2016 after same-sex marriage was legalized nationwide , have provided blessings for same-sex marriages . <SEP> in what year ?
many charter schools do not require that their teachers be certified , provided they meet the standards to be highly qualified as set by no child left behind . <SEP> who ?
immunology covers the study of all aspects of the immune system . <SEP> what field ?
in 1066 , duke william ii of normandy conquered england killing king harold ii at the battle of hastings . <SEP> where ?
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1. the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) ! <SEP> what period ?
the apollo program , also known as project apollo , was the third united states human spaceflight program carried out by the national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , which accomplished landing the first humans on the moon from 1969 to 1972. first conceived during dwight d. eisenhower 's administration as a three-man spacecraft to follow the one-man project mercury which put the first americans in space , apollo was later dedicated to president john f. kennedy 's national goal of " landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth " by the end of the 1960s , which he proposed in a may 25 , 1961 , address to congress . <SEP> what project ?
phagocytosis is an important feature of cellular innate immunity performed by cells called 'phagocytes ' that engulf , or eat , pathogens or particles . <SEP> what type of cells ?
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) . <SEP> what lake ?
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer . <SEP> what ?
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng . <SEP> who ?
if the whole parliament agrees in a vote to the general principles of the bill , it then proceeds to stage 2 . <SEP> what ?
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary . <SEP> who ?
the st. johns river divides the city . <SEP> what river ?
in november 1969 , gemini veteran charles " pete " conrad and rookie alan l. bean made a precision landing on apollo 12 within walking distance of the surveyor 3 unmanned lunar probe , which had landed in april 1967 on the ocean of storms . <SEP> 
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir . <SEP> where ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> what ?
tesla worked every day from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. or later , with dinner from exactly 8:10 p.m. , at delmonico 's restaurant and later the waldorf-astoria hotel . <SEP> at what time ?
amongst these include 5 university of california campuses ( irvine , los angeles , riverside , santa barbara , and san diego ) ; 12 california state university campuses ( bakersfield , channel islands , dominguez hills , fullerton , los angeles , long beach , northridge , pomona , san bernardino , san diego , san marcos , and san luis obispo ) ; and private institutions such as the california institute of technology , chapman university , the claremont colleges ( claremont mckenna college , harvey mudd college , pitzer college , pomona college , and scripps college ) , loma linda university , loyola marymount university , occidental college , pepperdine university , university of redlands , university of san diego , and the university of southern california . <SEP> how many campuses ?
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments . <SEP> what ?
in 2007 , peter davison returned in the children in need short " time crash " alongside david tennant , and most recently in 2013 's 50th anniversary special episode , " the day of the doctor " , david tennant 's tenth doctor appeared alongside matt smith as the eleventh doctor and john hurt as the war doctor , as well as brief footage from all of the previous actors . <SEP> which doctor ?
shortly after the conquest , cyprus was sold to the knights templar and it was subsequently acquired , in 1192 , by guy de lusignan and became a stable feudal kingdom . <SEP> what group ?
the commission 's president ( currently an ex-luxembourg prime minister , jean-claude juncker ) sets the agenda for the eu 's work . <SEP> who ?
norman adventurers founded the kingdom of sicily under roger ii after conquering southern italy on the saracens and byzantines , and an expedition on behalf of their duke , william the conqueror , led to the norman conquest of england at the battle of hastings in 1066. norman cultural and military influence spread from these new european centres to the crusader states of the near east , where their prince bohemond i founded the principality of antioch in the levant , to scotland and wales in great britain , to ireland , and to the coasts of north africa and the canary islands . <SEP> who ?
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war . <SEP> how long ?
anderson was the game 's leading rusher with 90 yards and a touchdown , along with four receptions for 10 yards . <SEP> who ?
with initial support from the state of michigan and the national science foundation ( nsf ) , the packet-switched network was first demonstrated in december 1971 when an interactive host to host connection was made between the ibm mainframe computer systems at the university of michigan in ann arbor and wayne state university in detroit . <SEP> what ?
the country of australia serves as a case study in relation to british settlement and colonial rule of the continent in the eighteenth century , as it was premised on terra nullius , and its settlers considered it unused by its sparse aboriginal inhabitants . <SEP> what ?
however , recent anthropological findings have suggested that the region was actually densely populated . <SEP> which findings ?
it was named new rochelle after la rochelle , their former strong-hold in france . <SEP> what french city ?
martin luther was born to hans luder ( or ludher , later luther ) and his wife margarethe ( née lindemann ) on 10 november 1483 in eisleben , saxony , then part of the holy roman empire . <SEP> where ?
this has meant both the european court of justice and the highest national courts have had to develop principles to resolve conflicts of laws between different systems . <SEP> which entities ?
the united methodist church also believes that jesus explicitly repudiated the lex talionis in matthew 5:38-39 and abolished the death penalty in john 8:7. the general conference of the united methodist church calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment and for governments to enact an immediate moratorium on carrying out the death penalty sentence . <SEP> what part of the umc ?
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver . <SEP> who ?
however , the original greek roots from pharmakos imply sorcery or even poison . <SEP> what ?
phrased as a decision problem , it is the problem of deciding whether the input has a factor less than k. no efficient integer factorization algorithm is known , and this fact forms the basis of several modern cryptographic systems , such as the rsa algorithm . <SEP> what ?
:1–4 when the hollis professor of divinity david tappan died in 1803 and the president of harvard joseph willard died a year later , in 1804 , a struggle broke out over their replacements . <SEP> in what year ?
u.s. defense secretary robert gates called for establishing something similar to the defunct u.s. information agency , which was charged with undermining the communist ideology during the cold war . <SEP> what position in the government ?
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices . <SEP> when ?
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals . <SEP> what ?
more powerful extensions of the fermat primality test , such as the baillie-psw , miller-rabin , and solovay-strassen tests , are guaranteed to fail at least some of the time when applied to a composite number . <SEP> what ?
there are many differences between the teachers for elementary schools ( grundschule ) , lower secondary schools ( hauptschule ) , middle level secondary schools ( realschule ) and higher level secondary schools ( gymnasium ) . <SEP> what ?
for instance , while traveling in a moving vehicle at a constant velocity , the laws of physics do not change from being at rest . <SEP> what ?
the decision was not announced publicly until successful completion of apollo 7. gemini veterans frank borman and james lovell , and rookie william anders captured the world 's attention by making 10 lunar orbits in 20 hours , transmitting television pictures of the lunar surface on christmas eve , and returning safely to earth . <SEP> on what day ?
the book of discipline is the guidebook for local churches and pastors and describes in considerable detail the organizational structure of local united methodist churches . <SEP> what ?
conservation is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections , and covers all the collections held by the v & a and the v & a museum of childhood . <SEP> which area ?
they must report and reapply annually ; and they must complete at least one advanced course every three years . <SEP> how often ?
in december 1544 , he began to feel the effects of angina . <SEP> what ?
accountants act to study the expected monetary flow over the life of the project and to monitor the payouts throughout the process . <SEP> who ?
it stands on the vistula river in east-central poland , roughly 260 kilometres ( 160 mi ) from the baltic sea and 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) from the carpathian mountains . <SEP> how far ?
the current 8–4–4 system was launched in january 1985. it put more emphasis on vocational subjects on the assumption that the new structure would enable school drop-outs at all levels either to be self-employed or to secure employment in the informal sector . <SEP> why ?
[ j ] oxygen toxicity usually begins to occur at partial pressures more than 50 kilopascals ( kpa ) , equal to about 50 % oxygen composition at standard pressure or 2.5 times the normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure of about 21 kpa . <SEP> to what ?
these clades ( which are thought to be extinct ) were found to be ancestral to modern isolates of the modern y. pestis strains y. p. orientalis and y. p. medievalis , suggesting the plague may have entered europe in two waves . <SEP> what strains of y. pestis ?
the reason for the majority rule is the high risk of a conflict of interest and/or the avoidance of absolute powers . <SEP> why ?
engineers working for the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company reported to george westinghouse that tesla had a viable ac motor and related power system — something for which westinghouse had been trying to secure patents . <SEP> what ?
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) . <SEP> how many first downs ?
having deduced such proper set inclusions , we can proceed to make quantitative statements about how much more additional time or space is needed in order to increase the number of problems that can be solved . <SEP> what kind of statement ?
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl . <SEP> what network ?
combustion hazards also apply to compounds of oxygen with a high oxidative potential , such as peroxides , chlorates , nitrates , perchlorates , and dichromates because they can donate oxygen to a fire . <SEP> what other sources of high oxidative potential ?
simply refusing to preach the ten commandments among christians – thereby , as it were , removing the three letters l-a-w from the church – does not eliminate the accusing law . <SEP> what ?
the programme is listed in guinness world records as the longest-running science fiction television show in the world , the " most successful " science fiction series of all time—based on its over-all broadcast ratings , dvd and book sales , and itunes traffic— and for the largest ever simulcast of a tv drama with its 50th anniversary special . <SEP> where ?
bolshevik leaders had effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire by 1921 , however with an internationalist ideology : lenin in particular asserted the right to limited self-determination for national minorities within the new territory . <SEP> who ?
concluded in 2011 " that the black death in medieval europe was caused by a variant of y. pestis that may no longer exist . " <SEP> what ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> what year ?
instead , the jin commander sent a messenger , ming-tan , to the mongol side , who defected and told the mongols that the jin army was waiting on the other side of the pass . <SEP> who ?
on 1 february 2007 , the eve of the publication of ipcc 's major report on climate , a study was published suggesting that temperatures and sea levels have been rising at or above the maximum rates proposed during the last ipcc report in 2001. the study compared ipcc 2001 projections on temperature and sea level change with observations . <SEP> how ?
the plan was , at least provisionally approved by then superintendent of new york city schools , william h. maxwell . <SEP> who ?
over the long-term , this trend increases the organic composition of capital , meaning that less workers are required in proportion to capital inputs , increasing unemployment ( the " reserve army of labour " ) . <SEP> what impact ?
the engineers at marshall space flight center ( msfc ) took longer to become convinced of its merits , but their conversion was announced by wernher von braun at a briefing in june 1962 . <SEP> which nasa location ?
abc also aired the last nine years of the procter & gamble-produced soap the edge of night , following its cancellation by cbs in 1975. abc daytime has also aired a number of game shows , including the dating game , the newlywed game , let 's make a deal , password , split second , the $ 10,000/ $ 20,000 pyramid , family feud , the better sex , trivia trap , all-star blitz and hot streak . <SEP> which proctor and gamble ?
daytime programming is also provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays ( with a one-hour break at 12:00 p.m. eastern/pacific for stations to air newscasts , other locally produced programming such as talk shows , or syndicated programs ) featuring the talk/lifestyle shows the view and the chew and the soap opera general hospital . <SEP> what two talk shows ?
however , when this experiment is actually conducted , the cannonball always falls at the foot of the mast , as if the cannonball knows to travel with the ship despite being separated from it . <SEP> where ?
ctenophores form an animal phylum that is more complex than sponges , about as complex as cnidarians ( jellyfish , sea anemones , etc . <SEP> 
for the first billion years , any free oxygen produced by these organisms combined with dissolved iron in the oceans to form banded iron formations . <SEP> what ?
tfeu article 49 says states are exempt from infringing others ' freedom of establishment when they exercise " official authority " , but this did an advocate 's work ( as opposed to a court 's ) was not official . <SEP> which tfeu article ?
a site was chosen in houston , texas , on land donated by rice university , and administrator webb announced the conversion on september 19 , 1961. it was also clear nasa would soon outgrow its practice of controlling missions from its cape canaveral air force station launch facilities in florida , so a new mission control center would be included in the msc . <SEP> what university ?
some authors combined ctenophores and cnidarians in one phylum , coelenterata , as both groups rely on water flow through the body cavity for both digestion and respiration . <SEP> what ?
only four main interactions are known : in order of decreasing strength , they are : strong , electromagnetic , weak , and gravitational . <SEP> what ?
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude . <SEP> what tool ?
the 2005 version of doctor who is a direct plot continuation of the original 1963–1989 series [ note 2 ] and the 1996 telefilm . <SEP> what years ?
the church operates three hundred sixty schools and institutions overseas . <SEP> how many schools and institutions ?
this included all research and development costs ; the procurement of 15 saturn v rockets , 16 command/service modules , 12 lunar modules , plus program support and management costs ; construction expenses for facilities and their upgrading , and costs for flight operations . <SEP> how many saturn v rockets ?
pro bowl defensive tackle kawann short led the team in sacks with 11 , while also forcing three fumbles and recovering two . <SEP> who ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> which player ?
segal 's negotiations eventually led to a doctor who television film , broadcast on the fox network in 1996 as a co-production between fox , universal pictures , the bbc and bbc worldwide . <SEP> what network ?
michael mullett considers this speech as a " world classic of epoch-making oratory . " <SEP> who ?
enzymes such as lysozyme and phospholipase a2 in saliva , tears , and breast milk are also antibacterials . <SEP> what enzymes in saliva ?
cbs analyst and retired referee mike carey stated he disagreed with the call and felt the review clearly showed the pass was complete . <SEP> which former referee ?
ctenophores form an animal phylum that is more complex than sponges , about as complex as cnidarians ( jellyfish , sea anemones , etc . <SEP> which phylum ?
deacons assist elders in the sacraments of holy communion and baptism , and may be granted sacramental authority if they are appointed as the pastor in a local church . <SEP> what ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> how much ?
the broncos ' defense ranked first in the nfl yards allowed ( 4,530 ) for the first time in franchise history , and fourth in points allowed ( 296 ) . <SEP> how many points ?
immune systems appear even in the structurally most simple forms of life , with bacteria using a unique defense mechanism , called the restriction modification system to protect themselves from viral pathogens , called bacteriophages . <SEP> from what pathogens ?
since the creation of the doctor who character by bbc television in the early 1960s , a myriad of stories have been published about doctor who , in different media : apart from the actual television episodes that continue to be produced by the bbc , there have also been novels , comics , short stories , audio books , radio plays , interactive video games , game books , webcasts , dvd extras , and even stage performances . <SEP> what company ?
in november , genghis laid siege to the tangut city lingzhou and crossed the yellow river , defeating the tangut relief army . <SEP> what river ?
the french acquired a copy of the british war plans , including the activities of shirley and johnson . <SEP> whose activities ?
in 1965 , the corporate entity , american broadcasting-paramount theatres , was renamed as the american broadcasting companies , while its cinema division became abc theatres ; [ citation needed ] its recording division was renamed abc records in 1966. in december of that year , the abc television network premiered the dating game , a pioneer series in its genre , which was a reworking of the blind date concept in which a suitor selected one of three contestants sight unseen based on the answers to selected questions . <SEP> what ?
the taliban differed from other islamist movements to the point where they might be more properly described as islamic fundamentalist or neofundamentalist , interested in spreading " an idealized and systematized version of conservative tribal village customs " under the label of sharia to an entire country . <SEP> 
it was however superseded by the british invention steam turbine where speed was required , for instance in warships , such as the dreadnought battleships , and ocean liners . <SEP> what ?
as a result of the american revolution , john wesley was compelled in 1784 to break with standard practice and ordain two of his lay preachers as presbyters , thomas vasey and richard whatcoat . <SEP> why ?
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver . <SEP> what goldman sachs ceo ?
decisions in-between the four-year meetings are made by the mission council ( usually consisting of church bishops ) . <SEP> of whom ?
their most famous song , " fog on the tyne " ( 1971 ) , was covered by geordie ex-footballer paul gascoigne in 1990. venom , reckoned by many to be the originators of black metal and extremely influential to the extreme metal scene as a whole , formed in newcastle in 1979. folk metal band skyclad , often regarded as the first folk metal band , also formed in newcastle after the break-up of martin walkyier thrash metal band , sabbat . <SEP> what band ?
the teu specifically excludes certain regions , for example the faroe islands , from the jurisdiction of european union law . <SEP> where ?
in many parts of the united states , after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case brown v. board of education of topeka that demanded united states schools desegregate " with all deliberate speed " , local families organized a wave of private " christian academies " . <SEP> what court case ?
in case of the ozone depletion global regulation based on the montreal protocol has been successful , in case of climate change , the kyoto protocol failed . <SEP> what ?
it is recognised that an epidemiological account of the plague is as important as an identification of symptoms , but researchers are hampered by the lack of reliable statistics from this period . <SEP> what ?
stadtholder william iii of orange , who later became king of england , emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv after the french attacked the dutch republic in 1672. william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state . <SEP> when ?
luther 's pamphlets against the church and the hierarchy , often worded with " liberal " phraseology , now led many peasants to believe he would support an attack on the upper classes in general . <SEP> what ?
once construction is complete and a final inspection has been passed , an occupancy permit may be issued . <SEP> what ?
salaries for teachers depend on the civil servants ' salary index scale ( bundesbesoldungsordnung ) . <SEP> what ?
for example , a significant number of students all over wales are educated either wholly or largely through the medium of welsh : in 2008/09 , 22 per cent of classes in maintained primary schools used welsh as the sole or main medium of instruction . <SEP> what percentage of primary schools ?
from 1531 to 1546 , his health deteriorated further . <SEP> how ?
in 2005 , the series came first in a survey by sfx magazine of " the greatest uk science fiction and fantasy television series ever " . <SEP> what publication ?
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966. ten years later , the first original doctor who audio was released on lp record ; doctor who and the pescatons featuring the fourth doctor . <SEP> how long ?
the most notable examples of renaissance architecture in the city are the house of baryczko merchant family ( 1562 ) , building called " the negro " ( early 17th century ) and salwator tenement ( 1632 ) . <SEP> the house of the baryczko merchant family ?
a decade after the 1973 oil crisis , honda , toyota and nissan , affected by the 1981 voluntary export restraints , opened us assembly plants and established their luxury divisions ( acura , lexus and infiniti , respectively ) to distinguish themselves from their mass-market brands . <SEP> when ?
the contracted batch of 15 saturn vs were enough for lunar landing missions through apollo 20. nasa publicized a preliminary list of eight more planned landing sites , with plans to increase the mass of the csm and lm for the last five missions , along with the payload capacity of the saturn v. these final missions would combine the i and j types in the 1967 list , allowing the cmp to operate a package of lunar orbital sensors and cameras while his companions were on the surface , and allowing them to stay on the moon for over three days . <SEP> how long ?
however , monitoring of atmospheric oxygen levels show a global downward trend , because of fossil-fuel burning . <SEP> 
for a situation with no movement , the static friction force exactly balances the applied force resulting in no acceleration . <SEP> what force ?
in " the name of the doctor " , the eleventh doctor meets an unknown incarnation of himself , whom he refers to as " his secret " and who is subsequently revealed to be the war doctor . <SEP> what doctor ?
southern california , often abbreviated socal , is a geographic and cultural region that generally comprises california 's southernmost 10 counties . <SEP> what ?
since forces are perceived as pushes or pulls , this can provide an intuitive understanding for describing forces . <SEP> what ?
the hoppings , reputedly the largest travelling fair in europe , takes place on newcastle town moor every june . <SEP> when ?
under the unfair commercial practices directive , the eu harmonised restrictions on restrictions on marketing and advertising , to forbid conduct that distorts average consumer behaviour , is misleading or aggressive , and sets out a list of examples that count as unfair . <SEP> under which directive ?
the university of chicago ( uchicago , chicago , or u of c ) is a private research university in chicago . <SEP> what kind of university ?
the first commercially successful true engine , in that it could generate power and transmit it to a machine , was the atmospheric engine , invented by thomas newcomen around 1712. it was an improvement over savery 's steam pump , using a piston as proposed by papin . <SEP> who ?
at the beginning of 1893 westinghouse engineer benjamin lamme had made great progress developing an efficient version of tesla 's induction motor and westinghouse electric started branding their complete polyphase phase ac system as the " tesla polyphase system " , noting how they believed tesla 's patents gave them patent priority over other ac systems . <SEP> in which year ?
organizational interventions , like changing teachers ' schedules , providing support networks and mentoring , changing the work environment , and offering promotions and bonuses , may be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers . <SEP> 
following the conservative victory in the 2015 uk election , standing orders of the house of commons were changed to give mps representing english constituencies a new " veto " over laws only affecting england . <SEP> what party ?
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx . <SEP> what team di the broncos ?
a continuation of this process would , he says , eventually split the earth in two . " <SEP> what ?
temüjin 's mother hoelun taught him many lessons about the unstable political climate of mongolia , especially the need for alliances . <SEP> what ?
johann sebastian bach included several verses as chorales in his cantatas and based chorale cantatas entirely on them , namely christ lag in todes banden , bwv 4 , as early as possibly 1707 , in his second annual cycle ( 1724 to 1725 ) ach gott , vom himmel sieh darein , bwv 2 , christ unser herr zum jordan kam , bwv 7 , nun komm , der heiden heiland , bwv 62 , gelobet seist du , jesu christ , bwv 91 , and aus tiefer not schrei ich zu dir , bwv 38 , later ein feste burg ist unser gott , bwv 80 , and in 1735 wär gott nicht mit uns diese zeit , bwv 14 . <SEP> when ?
the word " weak " derives from the fact that the field strength is some 1013 times less than that of the strong force . <SEP> how many times ?
three additional putative species were then found in the burgess shale and other canadian rocks of similar age , about 505 million years ago in the mid-cambrian period . <SEP> what ?
in june 1884 , he relocated to new york city:57–60 where he was hired by thomas edison to work at his edison machine works on manhattan 's lower east side . <SEP> where ?
as a result , abc was forced to sell all of its interests in international networks , mainly in japan and latin america , in the 1970s . <SEP> where ?
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area . <SEP> what percentage of funds ?
the mongols defeated the loyalists at the battle of yamen in 1279. the last song emperor drowned , bringing an end to the song dynasty . <SEP> how ?
complexity measures are very generally defined by the blum complexity axioms . <SEP> 
the new office of the pm will have power and authority to co-ordinate and supervise the functions of the government and will be occupied by an elected mp who will be the leader of the party or coalition with majority members in parliament . <SEP> what ?
the age of imperialism , a time period beginning around 1700 , saw ( generally european ) industrializing nations engaging in the process of colonizing , influencing , and annexing other parts of the world in order to gain political power . <SEP> what ?
... the main reason for this shift is the increasing importance of human capital in development . <SEP> what ?
until the all-channel receiver act ( passed by congress in 1961 ) mandated the inclusion of uhf tuning , most viewers needed to purchase a converter to be able to watch uhf stations , and the signal quality was marginal at best even with a converter . <SEP> 
free oxygen first appeared in significant quantities during the paleoproterozoic eon ( between 3.0 and 2.3 billion years ago ) . <SEP> during which eon ?
by the time of the french and indian war ( the north american front of the seven years ' war ) , a sizeable population of huguenot descent lived in the british colonies , and many participated in the british defeat of new france in 1759-60 . <SEP> 
one of the first known experiments on the relationship between combustion and air was conducted by the 2nd century bce greek writer on mechanics , philo of byzantium . <SEP> what early greek ?
despite popular prejudices to the contrary , the u.s. economy consistently affords a lower level of economic mobility than all the continental european countries for which data is available . " <SEP> which set of countries ?
tesla went to maribor ( now in slovenia ) , where he worked as a draftsman for 60 florins a month . <SEP> what ?
he had to work at various electrical repair jobs and even as a ditch digger for $ 2 per day . <SEP> what ?
in what became known as the st. bartholomew 's day massacre of 24 august – 3 october 1572 , catholics killed thousands of huguenots in paris . <SEP> when ?
the second division under jebe marched secretly to the southeast part of khwarzemia to form , with the first division , a pincer attack on samarkand . <SEP> which area of khwarezmia ?
the efficiency of energiprojekt 's steam engine reaches some 27-30 % on high-pressure engines . <SEP> what percentage of a high pressure engine 's efficiency ?
however , in real life , matter has extended structure and forces that act on one part of an object might affect other parts of an object . <SEP> what ?
the tayichi'ud enslaved temüjin ( reportedly with a cangue , a sort of portable stocks ) , but with the help of a sympathetic guard , the father of chilaun ( who later became a general of genghis khan ) , he was able to escape from the ger ( yurt ) in the middle of the night by hiding in a river crevice . <SEP> where ?
the power of the theory of plate tectonics lies in its ability to combine all of these observations into a single theory of how the lithosphere moves over the convecting mantle . <SEP> which ?
several sources say westinghouse was worried about potential bad publicity surrounding the impoverished conditions their former star inventor was living under . <SEP> what ?
the final part of the museum designed by scott was the art library and what is now the sculpture gallery on the south side of the garden , built 1877–83 , the exterior mosaic panels in the parapet were designed by reuben townroe who also designed the plaster work in the library , sir john taylor designed the book shelves and cases , also this was the first part of the museum to have electric lighting . <SEP> who ?
for the 2012–13 school year annual tuition was $ 38,000 , with a total cost of attendance of $ 57,000 . <SEP> what ?
the black death is thought to have originated in the arid plains of central asia , where it then travelled along the silk road , reaching crimea by 1343. from there , it was most likely carried by oriental rat fleas living on the black rats that were regular passengers on merchant ships . <SEP> how ?
one chronicle from the early 17th century even relates the legend that the princess hid a small dagger and stabbed him , though some mongol authors have doubted this version and suspected it to be an invention by the rival oirads . <SEP> which rival of the mongols ?
by 1700 , one-fifth of the city 's population was french speaking . <SEP> what portion of berlin 's population ?
one result of this was a campaign of attacks on government officials and tourists in egypt , a bloody civil war in algeria and osama bin laden 's terror attacks climaxing in the 9/11 attack . <SEP> where ?
since its inception , abc has had many affiliated stations , which include wabc-tv and wpvi-tv , the first two stations to carry the network 's programming . <SEP> what ?
[ citation needed ] it was around this time that jelme and bo'orchu , two of genghis khan 's future generals , joined forces with him . <SEP> which of his future generals ?
this antigen/antibody complex is taken up by the b cell and processed by proteolysis into peptides . <SEP> what ?
chloroplasts stimulate both responses by purposely damaging their photosynthetic system , producing reactive oxygen species . <SEP> what ?
his orders were to protect the king 's land in the ohio valley from the british . <SEP> what ?
the principles of imperialism are often generalizable to the policies and practices of the british empire " during the last generation , and proceeds rather by diagnosis than by historical description " . <SEP> 
on august 29 , 1994 , abc purchased flint , michigan affiliate wjrt-tv and wtvg in toledo , ohio ( which was previously affiliated with abc from 1958 to 1970 ) from sjl broadcast management , with the latter switching to abc once its contract with nbc expired two months after the purchase was finalized in early 1995. both stations were acquired as a contingency plan in the event that cbs reached an affiliation deal with wxyz-tv ( to replace wjbk , which switched to fox as a result of that network 's group affiliation agreement with new world communications ) in order to allow the network to retain some over-the-air presence in the detroit market ( the e.w . <SEP> which ?
earlier papers studying problems solvable by turing machines with specific bounded resources include john myhill 's definition of linear bounded automata ( myhill 1960 ) , raymond smullyan 's study of rudimentary sets ( 1961 ) , as well as hisao yamada 's paper on real-time computations ( 1962 ) . <SEP> who ?
similarly , a writer for the international crisis group maintains that " the conception of 'political islam ' " is a creation of americans to explain the iranian islamic revolution and apolitical islam was a historical fluke of the " short-lived era of the heyday of secular arab nationalism between 1945 and 1970 " , and it is quietist/non-political islam , not islamism , that requires explanation . <SEP> what ?
tesla was incorrect in his assumption that high frequency radio waves would penetrate water but émile girardeau , who helped develop france 's first radar system in the 1930s , noted in 1953 that tesla 's general speculation that a very strong high frequency signal would be needed was correct stating " ( tesla ) was prophesying or dreaming , since he had at his disposal no means of carrying them out , but one must add that if he was dreaming , at least he was dreaming correctly . <SEP> what later invention ?
the alps are part of the great dividing range mountain system extending east-west through the centre of victoria . <SEP> in what direction ?
the owner selects the ideas he or she likes best and hires the appropriate contractor . <SEP> who ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> what ?
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain . <SEP> what ?
this category includes university-preparatory schools or " prep schools " , boarding schools and day schools . <SEP> what ?
these words were very meaningful for the polish citizens who understood them as the incentive for the democratic changes . <SEP> what ?
the alpine rhine begins in the most western part of the swiss canton of graubünden , and later forms the border between switzerland to the west and liechtenstein and later austria to the east . <SEP> what ?
in this arrangement , the architect or engineer acts as the project coordinator . <SEP> whose role ?
the yuan government used woodblocks to print paper money , but switched to bronze plates in 1275. the mongols experimented with establishing the chinese-style paper monetary system in mongol-controlled territories outside of china . <SEP> what ?
these folds can either be those where the material in the center of the fold buckles upwards , creating " antiforms " , or where it buckles downwards , creating " synforms " . <SEP> when ?
appletalk included features that allowed local area networks to be established ad hoc without the requirement for a centralized router or server . <SEP> what ?
a steady stream of oxygen gas is then produced by the exothermic reaction . <SEP> what type of reaction ?
charles avison , the leading british composer of concertos in the 18th century , was born in newcastle upon tyne in 1709 and died there in 1770. basil hume , archbishop of westminster , was born in the city in 1923. vice admiral cuthbert collingwood , 1st baron collingwood , was born in the city . <SEP> what title ?
the researcher used a combination of synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) and thematic mapper ( tm ) to accurately place the different portions of the amazon into one of the four classifications . <SEP> what type of radar ?
while primary chloroplasts have a double membrane from their cyanobacterial ancestor , secondary chloroplasts have additional membranes outside of the original two , as a result of the secondary endosymbiotic event , when a nonphotosynthetic eukaryote engulfed a chloroplast-containing alga but failed to digest it—much like the cyanobacterium at the beginning of this story . <SEP> what ?
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign. ” if a man chose to be an agent of injustice , then thoreau insisted on confronting him with the fact that he was making a choice . <SEP> what ?
harvard has an intense athletic rivalry with yale university culminating in the game , although the harvard–yale regatta predates the football game . <SEP> what ?
the needs of soy farmers have been used to justify many of the controversial transportation projects that are currently developing in the amazon . <SEP> 
the city still contains many theatres . <SEP> what ?
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season . <SEP> how old ?
:208 kenneth swezey , a journalist whom tesla had befriended , confirmed that tesla rarely slept . <SEP> who ?
some authors combined ctenophores and cnidarians in one phylum , coelenterata , as both groups rely on water flow through the body cavity for both digestion and respiration . <SEP> what ?
the racial makeup of fresno was 245,306 ( 49.6 % ) white , 40,960 ( 8.3 % ) african american , 8,525 ( 1.7 % ) native american , 62,528 ( 12.6 % ) asian ( 3.6 % hmong , 1.7 % indian , 1.2 % filipino , 1.2 % laotian , 1.0 % thai , 0.8 % cambodian , 0.7 % chinese , 0.5 % japanese , 0.4 % vietnamese , 0.2 % korean ) , 849 ( 0.2 % ) pacific islander , 111,984 ( 22.6 % ) from other races , and 24,513 ( 5.0 % ) from two or more races . <SEP> how many native american people ?
the objective is typically accomplished through either an informal or formal approach to learning , including a course of study and lesson plan that teaches skills , knowledge and/or thinking skills . <SEP> what ?
early versions were in use by 1851 , but the most successful indicator was developed for the high speed engine inventor and manufacturer charles porter by charles richard and exhibited at london exhibition in 1862. the steam engine indicator traces on paper the pressure in the cylinder throughout the cycle , which can be used to spot various problems and calculate developed horsepower . <SEP> who ?
after a grand jury was convened to investigate , 11 officials were indicted and more were forced to resign . <SEP> how many city ?
the cities and communities along interstate 15 and interstate 215 are so inter-related that temecula and murrieta have as much connection with the san diego metropolitan area as they do with the inland empire . <SEP> what other area ?
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment . <SEP> where ?
surveys of plague pit remains in france and england indicate the first variant entered europe through the port of marseille around november 1347 and spread through france over the next two years , eventually reaching england in the spring of 1349 , where it spread through the country in three epidemics . <SEP> when ?
however , since most antibiotics non-specifically target bacteria and do not affect fungi , oral antibiotics can lead to an " overgrowth " of fungi and cause conditions such as a vaginal candidiasis ( a yeast infection ) . <SEP> 
trade liberalization may shift economic inequality from a global to a domestic scale . <SEP> what scale ?
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game . <SEP> what ?
in the local alemannic dialect , the singular is pronounced " isel " and this is also the local pronunciation of esel ( " donkey " ) . <SEP> what ?
courts have distinguished between two types of civil disobedience : " indirect civil disobedience involves violating a law which is not , itself , the object of protest , whereas direct civil disobedience involves protesting the existence of a particular law by breaking that law . " <SEP> what ?
as the industrial revolution took hold , the growth of mass production produced entrepreneurs such as josiah wedgwood , matthew boulton and eleanor coade . <SEP> what ?
since , in most flowering plants , chloroplasts are not inherited from the male parent , transgenes in these plastids can not be disseminated by pollen . <SEP> why ?
the complement system and phagocytic cells are also used by most forms of invertebrate life . <SEP> what cell type ?
during a tour of thuringia , he became enraged at the widespread burning of convents , monasteries , bishops ' palaces , and libraries . <SEP> where ?
the importance of soft power is not lost on authoritarian regimes , fighting such influence with bans on foreign popular culture , control of the internet and unauthorised satellite dishes etc . <SEP> what ?
death wish coffee beat out nine other contenders from across the united states for the free advertisement . <SEP> how many ?
this is repeated iteratively until all available list seats are allocated . <SEP> how ?
in crowded cities , it was not uncommon for as much as 50 % of the population to die . <SEP> how many people ?
the two-tentacled " cydippid " lampea feeds exclusively on salps , close relatives of sea-squirts that form large chain-like floating colonies , and juveniles of lampea attach themselves like parasites to salps that are too large for them to swallow . <SEP> what ?
in middle age , tesla became a close friend of mark twain ; they spent a lot of time together in his lab and elsewhere . <SEP> where ?
when a consolidation referendum was held in 1967 , voters approved the plan . <SEP> what ?
the mid 1890s saw the conglomerate general electric , backed by financier j. p. morgan , involved in takeover attempts and patent battles with westinghouse electric . <SEP> who ?
they are surrounded by a lipid monolayer . <SEP> what ?
large-scale regeneration has replaced former shipping premises with imposing new office developments ; an innovative tilting bridge , the gateshead millennium bridge was commissioned by gateshead council and has integrated the older newcastle quayside more closely with major cultural developments in gateshead , including the baltic centre for contemporary art , the venue for the turner prize 2011 and the norman foster-designed the sage gateshead music centre . <SEP> who ?
in reyners v belgium the court of justice held that a refusal to admit a lawyer to the belgian bar because he lacked belgian nationality was unjustified . <SEP> in which case ?
cabinet consists of representatives elected to either house of parliament . <SEP> how ?
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds . <SEP> what part of the teaching council act ?
in 1932 the german encyclopedia knaurs lexikon stated the length as 1,320 kilometres ( 820 miles ) , presumably a typographical error . <SEP> why ?
in 2000 , abc launched a web-based promotional campaign focused around its circle logo , also called " the dot " , in which comic book character little dot prompted visitors to " download the dot " , a program which would cause the abc logo to fly around the screen and settle in the bottom-right corner . <SEP> what ?
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> what ?
in addition to these effects , the milieu of hormones produced at this time ( leptin , pituitary growth hormone , and prolactin ) support the interactions between apcs and t-cells , a shift of the th1/th2 cytokine balance towards one that supports th1 , an increase in overall th cell proliferation , and naïve t cell migration to lymph nodes . <SEP> 
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham . <SEP> how many cathedrals ?
the time element in construction means that a delay costs money , and in cases of bottlenecks , the delay can be extremely expensive . <SEP> what ?
he taught that true repentance does not involve self-inflicted penances and punishments but rather a change of heart . <SEP> what lesson ?
mongols are widely known to worship the eternal heaven , and according to the traditional mongolian ideology yuan is considered to be " the beginning of an infinite number of beings , the foundation of peace and happiness , state power , the dream of many peoples , besides it there is nothing great or precious . " <SEP> what ?
however , mughal emperors directly patronized the legacies of genghis khan and timur ; together their names were synonymous with the names of other distinguished personalities particularly among the muslim populations of south asia . <SEP> which mongol conqueror ?
sayyid abul ala maududi was an important early twentieth-century figure in the islamic revival in india , and then after independence from britain , in pakistan . <SEP> who ?
a steam turbine consists of one or more rotors ( rotating discs ) mounted on a drive shaft , alternating with a series of stators ( static discs ) fixed to the turbine casing . <SEP> what ?
the city is also home to the newcastle eagles basketball team who play their home games at the new sport central complex at northumbria university . <SEP> what ?
gou derived a cubic interpolation formula for his astronomical calculations . <SEP> what ?
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game . <SEP> what player ?
the writers guild of america strike that halted production of network programs for much of the 2007–08 season affected the network in 2007–08 and 2008–09 , as various abc shows that premiered in 2007 , such as dirty sexy money , pushing daisies , eli stone and samantha who ? , did not live to see a third season ; other series such as boston legal and the u.s. version of life on mars suffered from low viewership , despite the former , a spin off of the practice , being a once-highlighted breakout series when it debuted in 2005. one of the network 's strike-replacement programs during that time was the game show duel , which premiered in december 2007. the program would become a minor success for the network during its initial six-episode run , which led abc to renew duel as a regular series starting in april 2008. however , duel suffered from low viewership during its run as a regular series , and abc canceled the program after sixteen episodes . <SEP> what game ?
on june 21 , the french war party attacked the trading centre at pickawillany , capturing three traders and killing 14 people of the miami nation , including old briton . <SEP> what ?
some of the most relevant supreme court case law on this is as follows : runyon v. mccrary , 427 u.s. 160 ( 1976 ) ; wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) ; pierce v. society of sisters , 268 u.s. 510 ( 1925 ) ; meyer v. nebraska , 262 u.s. 390 ( 1923 ) . <SEP> what ?
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves . <SEP> what team ?
martin luther ( /ˈluːθər/ or /ˈluːðər/ ; german : [ ˈmaɐ̯tiːn ˈlʊtɐ ] ( listen ) ; 10 november 1483 – 18 february 1546 ) was a german professor of theology , composer , priest , former monk and a seminal figure in the protestant reformation . <SEP> of what nationality ?
the 1979 scottish devolution referendum to establish a devolved scottish assembly failed . <SEP> how ?
common cytokines include interleukins that are responsible for communication between white blood cells ; chemokines that promote chemotaxis ; and interferons that have anti-viral effects , such as shutting down protein synthesis in the host cell . <SEP> what ?
al-muwaffaq ’ s contributions in the field are also pioneering . <SEP> who ?
christians , he said , must not slacken in following christ on account of such false assurances . <SEP> who ?
the molecules between the photosystems harness the electrons ' energy to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , creating a concentration gradient , with more hydrogen ions ( up to a thousand times as many ) inside the thylakoid system than in the stroma . <SEP> where ?
other components are often present ; pumps ( such as an injector ) to supply water to the boiler during operation , condensers to recirculate the water and recover the latent heat of vaporisation , and superheaters to raise the temperature of the steam above its saturated vapour point , and various mechanisms to increase the draft for fireboxes . <SEP> what ?
he embarked on a plan for the 1758 campaign that was largely developed by loudoun . <SEP> who ?
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions . <SEP> how ?
most of the huguenot congregations ( or individuals ) in north america eventually affiliated with other protestant denominations with more numerous members . <SEP> how ?
such professionals enjoy a status in some societies on a par with physicians , lawyers , engineers , and accountants ( chartered or cpa ) . <SEP> what ?
other faults include the san jacinto fault , the puente hills fault , and the elsinore fault zone . <SEP> 
a new development in the ouseburn valley has recreated them ; architects cany ash and robert sakula were attracted by the possibilities of high density without building high and getting rid of common areas . <SEP> what profession ?
construction projects can suffer from preventable financial problems . <SEP> what ?
the state of victoria was divided into eight electorates with each electorate represented by five representatives elected by single transferable vote . <SEP> how many electorates ?
the name " ctenophora " means " comb-bearing " , from the greek κτείς ( stem-form κτεν- ) meaning " comb " and the greek suffix -φορος meaning " carrying " . <SEP> what ?
on 12 may 1705 , the virginia general assembly passed an act to naturalise the 148 huguenots still resident at manakintown . <SEP> when ?
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc . <SEP> what ?
members business is a debate on a motion proposed by an msp who is not a scottish minister . <SEP> why ?
today , warsaw has some of the best medical facilities in poland and east-central europe . <SEP> where ?
the maroons compete in the ncaa 's division iii as members of the university athletic association ( uaa ) . <SEP> 
injectors became popular in the 1850s but are no longer widely used , except in applications such as steam locomotives . <SEP> what ?
inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection . <SEP> what ?
it is here that the rhine encounters some more of its main tributaries , such as the neckar , the main and , later , the moselle , which contributes an average discharge of more than 300 m3/s ( 11,000 cu ft/s ) . <SEP> what ?
sudbury model democratic schools claim that popularly based authority can maintain order more effectively than dictatorial authority for governments and schools alike . <SEP> where else ?
the largest item from italy is the chancel chapel from santa chiara florence dated 1493–1500 , designed by giuliano da sangallo it is 11.1 metres in height by 5.4 metres square , it includes a grand sculpted tabernacle by antonio rossellino and coloured terracotta decoration . <SEP> who ?
high and persistent unemployment , in which inequality increases , has a negative effect on subsequent long-run economic growth . <SEP> what ?
at the beginning of the 20th century , important advancement in geological science was facilitated by the ability to obtain accurate absolute dates to geologic events using radioactive isotopes and other methods . <SEP> when ?
black 's law dictionary includes non-violence in its definition of civil disobedience . <SEP> what dictionary ?
of grainger town 's 450 buildings , 244 are listed , of which 29 are grade i and 49 are grade ii* . <SEP> how ?
later in life , tesla made claims concerning a " teleforce " weapon after studying the van de graaff generator . <SEP> what kind of weapon ?
the more extensive 10-county definition , including kern and san luis obispo counties , is also used based on historical political divisions . <SEP> on what ?
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) . <SEP> how many ?
prime numbers give rise to various generalizations in other mathematical domains , mainly algebra , such as prime elements and prime ideals . <SEP> what ?
his patented ac induction motor and transformer were licensed by george westinghouse , who also hired tesla for a short time as a consultant . <SEP> who ?
the moon landing data was recorded by a special apollo tv camera which recorded in a format incompatible with broadcast tv . <SEP> 
this process of acquired immunity is the basis of vaccination . <SEP> of what medical treatment ?
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) . <SEP> when year ?
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line . <SEP> what ?
broadcaster and writer stuart maconie described newcastle as england 's best-looking city and the late german-born british scholar of architecture , nikolaus pevsner , describes grey street as one of the finest streets in england . <SEP> what ?
he was a believer in the 19th century concept of an all pervasive " ether " that transmitted electrical energy . <SEP> what ?
in much of the u.s. south , many white students migrated to the academies , while public schools became in turn more heavily concentrated with african-american students ( see list of private schools in mississippi ) . <SEP> in what part of the united states ?
his father arranged a marriage for him , and at nine years of age he was delivered by his father to the family of his future wife börte , who was a member of the tribe khongirad . <SEP> what ?
other immune system cells that are known to express cyp27b1 and thus activate vitamin d calcidiol , are dendritic cells , keratinocytes and macrophages . <SEP> what ?
in the autumn of 1991 , talks were held for the broadcast rights for premier league for a five-year period , from the 1992 season . <SEP> when ?
the diffie–hellman key exchange relies on the fact that there are efficient algorithms for modular exponentiation , while the reverse operation the discrete logarithm is thought to be a hard problem . <SEP> on what type of exponentiation ?
he lit electric lamps wirelessly at both locations , demonstrating the potential of wireless power transmission . <SEP> what sort of power transmission ?
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game . <SEP> what carolina player ?
all declared their support for richard provided that he support guy against his rival conrad of montferrat . <SEP> who ?
the former midlothian county buildings facing parliament square , high street and george iv bridge in edinburgh ( originally built as the headquarters of the pre-1975 midlothian county council ) housed the parliament 's visitors ' centre and shop , whilst the main hall was used as the parliament 's principal committee room . <SEP> what ?
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku . <SEP> what ?
" the islamic state " , formerly known as the " islamic state of iraq and the levant " and before that as the " islamic state of iraq " , ( and called the acronym daesh by its many detractors ) , is a wahhabi/salafi jihadist extremist militant group which is led by and mainly composed of sunni arabs from iraq and syria . <SEP> who ?
in 1898 , americans who opposed imperialism created the anti-imperialist league to oppose the us annexation of the philippines and cuba . <SEP> which country besides the cuba ?
scott also designed the two cast courts 1870–73 to the southeast of the garden ( the site of the " brompton boilers " ) , these vast spaces have ceilings 70 feet ( 21 m ) in height to accommodate the plaster casts of parts of famous buildings , including trajan 's column ( in two separate pieces ) . <SEP> where on the side ?
its saturn ib was allocated to the dual mission , now redesignated as-205/208 or as-258 , planned for august 1967. mcdivitt , scott and schweickart were promoted to the prime as-258 crew , and schirra , eisele and cunningham were reassigned as the apollo 1 backup crew . <SEP> in what month and year ?
the block of west end avenue housing the abc news building was renamed peter jennings way in 2006 in honor of the recently deceased longtime abc news chief anchor and anchor of world news tonight . <SEP> that ?
the astronauts returned safely on july 24 . <SEP> what day ?
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " . <SEP> 
all of the forces in the universe are based on four fundamental interactions . <SEP> how many interactions ?
tesla was incorrect in his assumption that high frequency radio waves would penetrate water but émile girardeau , who helped develop france 's first radar system in the 1930s , noted in 1953 that tesla 's general speculation that a very strong high frequency signal would be needed was correct stating " ( tesla ) was prophesying or dreaming , since he had at his disposal no means of carrying them out , but one must add that if he was dreaming , at least he was dreaming correctly . <SEP> who ?
a new arrangement of the theme , once again by gold , was introduced in the 2007 christmas special episode , " voyage of the damned " ; gold returned as composer for the 2010 series . <SEP> what ?
in november 2011 the capacity of the tyne tunnel was increased when a project to build a second road tunnel and refurbish the first tunnel was completed . <SEP> what ?
one key figure in the plans for what would come to be known as american empire , was a geographer named isiah bowman . <SEP> who ?
these are classified by technique , countries of origin and date of production . <SEP> how ?
one of the most spectacular items in the collection is the chandelier by dale chihuly in the rotunda at the museum 's main entrance . <SEP> whose chandelier grace the rotunda at the v & a 's main entrance ?
the party , or parties , that hold the majority of seats in the parliament forms the scottish government . <SEP> what party ?
chloroplasts are highly dynamic—they circulate and are moved around within plant cells , and occasionally pinch in two to reproduce . <SEP> how ?
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar . <SEP> who ?
the university partially manages argonne national laboratory , part of the united states department of energy 's national laboratory system , and has a joint stake in fermilab , a nearby particle physics laboratory , as well as a stake in the apache point observatory in sunspot , new mexico . <SEP> what lab ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> who ?
alternatively , if an external force acts on the system , then the center of mass will experience an acceleration proportional to the magnitude of the external force divided by the mass of the system . <SEP> what ?
prior to 1990 saudi arabia played an important role in restraining the many islamist groups that received its aid . <SEP> 
one of the most important cities in this region is duisburg with the largest river port in europe ( duisport ) . <SEP> what city ?
key selling points were the improvement in picture and sound quality , increased number of channels and an interactive service branded open ... . now called sky active , bskyb competed with the ondigital ( later itv digital ) terrestrial offering and cable services . <SEP> who ?
after the sixth sermon , the wittenberg jurist jerome schurf wrote to the elector : " oh , what joy has dr. martin 's return spread among us ! <SEP> what ?
the walt disney company is also a part-owner of hulu ( as part of a consortium that includes , among other parties , the respective parent companies of nbc and fox , nbcuniversal and 21st century fox ) , and has offered full-length episodes of most of abc 's programming through the streaming service since july 6 , 2009 ( which are available for viewing on hulu 's website and mobile app ) , as part of an agreement reached in april that year that also allowed disney to acquire a 27 % ownership stake in hulu . <SEP> when ?
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney . <SEP> what entity ?
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast . <SEP> how many protein-encoding genes ?
in most reciprocating piston engines , the steam reverses its direction of flow at each stroke ( counterflow ) , entering and exhausting from the cylinder by the same port . <SEP> what ?
molecules in the thylakoid membrane use the energized electrons to pump hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space , decreasing the ph and turning it acidic . <SEP> what ?
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship . <SEP> what school ?
likewise , a protestor who attempts to escape punishment by committing the crime covertly and avoiding attribution , or by denying having committed the crime , or by fleeing the jurisdiction , is generally viewed as not being a civil disobedient . <SEP> why ?
also included are tapestries from john vanderbank 's workshop which was the leading english tapestry manufactory in the late 17th century and early 18th century . <SEP> which leading english tapestry workshop in the late 17th century and early 18th century ?
when some species , including bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera , are disturbed , they produce secretions ( ink ) that luminesce at much the same wavelengths as their bodies . <SEP> what ?
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic . <SEP> what country 's schools ?
kenya won several medals during the beijing olympics , six gold , four silver and four bronze , making it africa 's most successful nation in the 2008 olympics . <SEP> how many gold medals ?
during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict , the iranian government enjoyed something of a resurgence in popularity amongst the predominantly sunni " arab street , " due to its support for hezbollah and to president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's vehement opposition to the united states and his call that israel shall vanish . <SEP> who ?
in 2006 tatiana kuplich organized the trees of the amazon into four categories : ( 1 ) mature forest , ( 2 ) regenerating forest [ less than three years ] , ( 3 ) regenerating forest [ between three and five years of regrowth ] , and ( 4 ) regenerating forest [ eleven to eighteen years of continued development ] . <SEP> in what year ?
during 1942 , pinedale , in what is now north fresno , was the site of the pinedale assembly center , an interim facility for the relocation of fresno area japanese americans to internment camps . <SEP> what ?
investment firm dillon , read & co. ( which was later acquired by the swiss bank corporation in 1997 ) offered $ 7.5 million to purchase the network , but the offer was rejected by woods and rca president david sarnoff . <SEP> who ?
it was promulgated on 27 august 2010 at a euphoric ceremony in nairobi 's uhuru park , accompanied by a 21-gun salute . <SEP> when ?
headquartered in southern california are the walt disney company ( which also owns abc ) , sony pictures , universal , mgm , paramount pictures , 20th century fox , and warner brothers . <SEP> which company ?
it expanded again during the middle miocene , then retracted to a mostly inland formation at the last glacial maximum . <SEP> what ?
the label huguenot was purportedly first applied in france to those conspirators ( all of them aristocratic members of the reformed church ) involved in the amboise plot of 1560 : a foiled attempt to wrest power in france from the influential house of guise . <SEP> when ?
in traditional historiography of china , on the other hand , the yuan dynasty is usually considered to be the legitimate dynasty between the song dynasty and the ming dynasty . <SEP> what legitimate dynasty ?
the scottish parliament is unable to legislate on such issues that are reserved to , and dealt with at , westminster ( and where ministerial functions usually lie with uk government ministers ) . <SEP> where ?
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 . <SEP> what ?
emperor gegeen khan , ayurbarwada 's son and successor , ruled for only two years , from 1321 to 1323. he continued his father 's policies to reform the government based on the confucian principles , with the help of his newly appointed grand chancellor baiju . <SEP> when ?
fears of being labelled a pedophile or hebephile has led to several men who enjoy teaching avoiding the profession . <SEP> why ?
the situation was aggravated by other factors , such as over-fishing and long-term environmental changes that promoted the growth of the mnemiopsis population . <SEP> what ?
on april 29 , 1961 , abc debuted wide world of sports , an anthology series created by edgar scherick through his company sports programs , inc. and produced by a young roone arledge which featured a different sporting event each broadcast . <SEP> 
running back c. j. anderson was the team 's leading rusher 863 yards and seven touchdowns , while also catching 25 passes for 183 yards . <SEP> who ?
over time , this has meant the parliament gradually assumed more voice : from being an unelected assembly , to its first direct elections in 1979 , to having increasingly more rights in the legislative process . <SEP> when ?
due to the fact that the bureaucracy was dominated by el temür , tugh temür is known for his cultural contribution instead . <SEP> what ?
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game . <SEP> who ?
the normans were famed for their martial spirit and eventually for their christian piety , becoming exponents of the catholic orthodoxy into which they assimilated . <SEP> what religion ?
the church conference is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members . <SEP> what ?
virtually all nuclear power plants generate electricity by heating water to provide steam that drives a turbine connected to an electrical generator . <SEP> what ?
in may 1960 , abc purchased chicago radio station wls , which had shared airtime with wenr since the 1920s . <SEP> what radio station ?
montpellier was among the most important of the 66 " villes de sûreté " that the edict of 1598 granted to the huguenots . <SEP> what ?
the conquest of cyprus by the anglo-norman forces of the third crusade opened a new chapter in the history of the island , which would be under western european domination for the following 380 years . <SEP> how long ?
over 10 % of swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008. sweden is internationally known for this innovative school voucher model that provides swedish pupils with the opportunity to choose the school they prefer . <SEP> what ?
to date , at least 40,000 plant species , 2,200 fishes , 1,294 birds , 427 mammals , 428 amphibians , and 378 reptiles have been scientifically classified in the region . <SEP> how many ?
bowman was the director of the american geographical society in 1914. three years later in 1917 , he was appointed to then president woodrow wilson 's inquiry in 1917. the inquiry was the idea of president wilson and the american delegation from the paris peace conference . <SEP> when ?
meanwhile , the new lows hit by brothers & sisters led to its cancellation , and the previous year 's only drama renewal , v , also failed to earn another season after a low-rated midseason run . <SEP> what drama program ?
in aristotle 's view , the terrestrial sphere contained four elements that come to rest at different " natural places " therein . <SEP> how many elements ?
photosynthesis releases oxygen into the atmosphere , while respiration and decay remove it from the atmosphere . <SEP> what ?
in the early 1970s , abc completed its transition to color ; the decade as a whole would mark a turning point for abc , as it began to pass cbs and nbc in the ratings to become the first place network . <SEP> which ?
the majority of building construction jobs are small renovations , such as addition of a room , or renovation of a bathroom . <SEP> 
despite being heavily outgunned and outnumbered , the ghetto held out for almost a month . <SEP> how long ?
no plans were announced regarding the recognition of harvey martin , co-mvp of super bowl xii , who died in 2001 . <SEP> which mvp ?
politically , the system of government created by kublai khan was the product of a compromise between mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional chinese autocratic-bureaucratic system . <SEP> what mongolian system ?
each step had to be successfully accomplished before the next ones could be performed , and it was unknown how many tries of each mission would be necessary ; therefore letters were used instead of numbers . <SEP> how many ?
about 15 kilometres ( 9 miles ) from warsaw , the vistula river 's environment changes strikingly and features a perfectly preserved ecosystem , with a habitat of animals that includes the otter , beaver and hundreds of bird species . <SEP> how ?
civil disobedience is one of the many ways people have rebelled against what they deem to be unfair laws . <SEP> what ?
in a 1937 interview , he stated : <SEP> when ?
creating an index of " health and social problems " from nine factors , authors richard wilkinson and kate pickett found health and social problems " more common in countries with bigger income inequalities " , and more common among states in the us with larger income inequalities . <SEP> where ?
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house . <SEP> in which world exposition ?
the pound-force has a metric counterpart , less commonly used than the newton : the kilogram-force ( kgf ) ( sometimes kilopond ) , is the force exerted by standard gravity on one kilogram of mass . <SEP> what ?
the plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of british bacteriologist j. f. d. shrewsbury in 1970 , who noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague , leading him to conclude that contemporary accounts were exaggerations . <SEP> what ?
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines . <SEP> who ?
a new four-note theme tune was introduced alongside the package , based around the network 's " we love tv " image campaign introduced that year , creating an audio signature on par with the nbc chimes , cbs ' various three-note soundmarks ( including the current version used since 2000 ) and the fox fanfare . <SEP> what image campaign ?
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg . <SEP> where ?
other institutions for higher education include the medical university of warsaw , the largest medical school in poland and one of the most prestigious , the national defence university , highest military academic institution in poland , the fryderyk chopin university of music the oldest and largest music school in poland , and one of the largest in europe , the warsaw school of economics , the oldest and most renowned economic university in the country , and the warsaw university of life sciences the largest agricultural university founded in 1818 . <SEP> what ?
this improved response is then retained after the pathogen has been eliminated , in the form of an immunological memory , and allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered . <SEP> what ?
because of this , ethelred fled to normandy in 1013 , when he was forced from his kingdom by sweyn forkbeard . <SEP> who ?
nonetheless , harvard 's undergraduate population remained predominantly male , with about four men attending harvard college for every woman studying at radcliffe . <SEP> what ?
these kinds of programs presented abc with an image of the " philosophy of counterprogramming against its competitors " , offering a strong lineup of programs that contrasted with those seen on its rival networks , which helped goldenson give the network a continuum between film and television . <SEP> what ?
doctor who has always appeared initially on the bbc 's mainstream bbc one channel , where it is regarded as a family show , drawing audiences of many millions of viewers ; episodes are now repeated on bbc three . <SEP> what ?
while in limassol , richard the lion-heart married berengaria of navarre , first-born daughter of king sancho vi of navarre . <SEP> who ?
until 1932 the generally accepted length of the rhine was 1,230 kilometres ( 764 miles ) . <SEP> what ?
methodist institutions may be named after a biblical figure ( e.g. , " st. james umc " ) . <SEP> what ?
these include the miller–rabin primality test , which is fast but has a small probability of error , and the aks primality test , which always produces the correct answer in polynomial time but is too slow to be practical . <SEP> what ?
in november 1960 , john f. kennedy was elected president after a campaign that promised american superiority over the soviet union in the fields of space exploration and missile defense . <SEP> who ?
the highest level is called the general conference and is the only organization which may speak officially for the church . <SEP> what ?
concepts of this network influenced later arpanet architecture . <SEP> 
the account of his travels , il milione ( or , the million , known in english as the travels of marco polo ) , appeared about the year 1299. some argue over the accuracy of marco polo 's accounts due to the lack of mentioning the great wall of china , tea houses , which would have been a prominent sight since europeans had yet to adopt a tea culture , as well the practice of foot binding by the women in capital of the great khan . <SEP> what ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> how old ?
geochronologists precisely date rocks within the stratigraphic section in order to provide better absolute bounds on the timing and rates of deposition . <SEP> who ?
the 73 scottish parliament constituencies shared the same boundaries as the uk parliament constituencies in scotland , prior to the 2005 reduction in the number of scottish mps , with the exception of orkney and shetland which each return their own constituency msp . <SEP> when ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> what ?
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally . <SEP> how much money ?
the ten commandments , and the beginnings of the renewed life of christians accorded to them by the sacrament of baptism , are a present foreshadowing of the believers ' future angel-like life in heaven in the midst of this life . <SEP> what sacrament accords christians ?
he intended his vigorous , direct language to make the bible accessible to everyday germans , " for we are removing impediments and difficulties so that other people may read it without hindrance . " <SEP> why ?
geographical theories such as environmental determinism also suggested that tropical environments created uncivilized people in need of european guidance . <SEP> what type of human ?
the premier of victoria is the leader of the political party or coalition with the most seats in the legislative assembly . <SEP> what ?
finally , the 1996 television film premièred on 12 may 1996 on citv in edmonton , canada , 15 days before the bbc one showing , and two days before it aired on fox in the united states . <SEP> in what area ?
in humans , immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic disease such as severe combined immunodeficiency , acquired conditions such as hiv/aids , or the use of immunosuppressive medication . <SEP> what ?
in works such as la nativité du seigneur ( 1935 ) and quatre études de rythme ( 1949–50 ) , he simultaneously employs motifs with lengths given by different prime numbers to create unpredictable rhythms : the primes 41 , 43 , 47 and 53 appear in the third étude , " neumes rythmiques " . <SEP> what ?
the united methodist church understands itself to be part of the holy catholic ( or universal ) church and it recognizes the historic ecumenical creeds , the apostle 's creed and the nicene creed ; which are used frequently in services of worship . <SEP> of what church ?
doctor who has been nominated for over 200 awards and has won over a hundred of them . <SEP> how many awards ?
during that time in europe , on may 18 , 1756 , england formally declared war on france , which expanded the war into europe , which was later to be known as the seven years ' war . <SEP> when ?
although the traditional chinese elite were not given their share of power , the mongols and the semuren ( various allied groups from central asia and the western end of the empire ) largely remained strangers to the mainstream chinese culture , and this dichotomy gave the yuan regime a somewhat strong " colonial " coloration . <SEP> who ?
in the words of the secretary general of the united nations ban ki-moon : " while economic growth is necessary , it is not sufficient for progress on reducing poverty . " <SEP> what ?
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide . <SEP> where ?
from december 1539 , luther became implicated in the bigamy of philip i , landgrave of hesse , who wanted to marry one of his wife 's ladies-in-waiting . <SEP> who ?
the hoppings funfair , said to be the largest travelling funfair in europe , is held here annually in june . <SEP> when ?
members of the genus dinophysis have a phycobilin-containing chloroplast taken from a cryptophyte . <SEP> where ?
a reduction is a transformation of one problem into another problem . <SEP> 
in 2011 , matt smith became the first doctor to be nominated for a bafta television award for best actor and in 2016 , michelle gomez became the first female to receive a bafta nomination for the series , getting a best supporting actress nomination for her work as missy . <SEP> what award ?
some theories of civil disobedience hold that civil disobedience is only justified against governmental entities . <SEP> what ?
however , during the 2004–05 season , the network experienced unexpected success with new series such as desperate housewives , lost and grey 's anatomy as well as reality series dancing with the stars , which helped abc rise to second place , jumping ahead of cbs , but behind a surging fox . <SEP> what new medical drama ?
the city is served by the tyne and wear metro , a system of suburban and underground railways covering much of tyne and wear . <SEP> what ?
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits . <SEP> what ?
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night . <SEP> what day of the week ?
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl . <SEP> in what language ?
development of the strategic petroleum reserve began in 1975 , and in 1977 the cabinet-level department of energy was created , followed by the national energy act of 1978 . <SEP> when ?
at the battle of kalka river in 1223 , subutai 's forces defeated the larger kievan force . <SEP> where ?
within labor income distribution is due to differences in value added by different classifications of workers . <SEP> what ?
the church conference is an annual meeting of all the officers of the church and any interested members . <SEP> which committee ?
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> what ?
when the interstate highway system was created in the 1950s , the decision was made to build what is now interstate 5 on the west side of the central valley , and thus bypass many of the population centers in the region , instead of upgrading what is now state route 99. due to rapidly raising population and traffic in cities along sr 99 , as well as the desirability of federal funding , much discussion has been made to upgrade it to interstate standards and eventually incorporate it into the interstate system , most likely as interstate 9. major improvements to signage , lane width , median separation , vertical clearance , and other concerns are currently underway . <SEP> which state ?
the first series of the 21st century featured christopher eccleston in the title role and was produced by the bbc . <SEP> who ?
the " hugues hypothesis " argues that the name was derived by association with hugues capet , king of france , who reigned long before the reformation . <SEP> what ?
the lutheran theologian franz pieper observed that luther 's teaching about the state of the christian 's soul after death differed from the later lutheran theologians such as johann gerhard . lessing ( 1755 ) had earlier reached the same conclusion in his analysis of lutheran orthodoxy on this issue . <SEP> who else ?
however , as the reformation continued , luther began to lose hope in large-scale jewish conversion to christianity . <SEP> what ?
the flushing action of tears and urine also mechanically expels pathogens , while mucus secreted by the respiratory and gastrointestinal tract serves to trap and entangle microorganisms . <SEP> what ?
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations ( broadcasting either in analog or digital ) in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama ( wbma-ld ) , lima , ohio ( wlqp-lp ) and south bend , indiana ( wbnd-ld ) . <SEP> what abc station in south bend , indiana ?
sub-saharan africa has also featured dozens of empires that predate the european colonial era , for example the ethiopian empire , oyo empire , asante union , luba empire , lunda empire , and mutapa empire . <SEP> which ?
the 1988 story silver nemesis was broadcast with all three episodes airing back to back on tvnz in new zealand in november , after the first episode had been shown in the uk but before the final two instalments had aired there . <SEP> what country ?
the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century saw a battle between " cellular " and " humoral " theories of immunity . <SEP> what ?
based on his industry experience on air force missile projects , mueller realized some skilled managers could be found among high-ranking officers in the united states air force , so he got webb 's permission to recruit general samuel c. phillips , who gained a reputation for his effective management of the minuteman program , as omsf program controller . <SEP> from what military branch ?
[ citation needed ] however , recent data shows that the level of income inequality began to rise after the 1970s . <SEP> when ?
the museum owns the world 's largest collection of post-classical sculpture , with the holdings of italian renaissance items being the largest outside italy . <SEP> of which period ?
dating back to 1936 warsaw historical museum contains 60 rooms which host a permanent exhibition of the history of warsaw from its origins until today . <SEP> how many rooms ?
within a few months , the budapest telephone exchange became functional and tesla was allocated the chief electrician position . <SEP> what ?
the third invasion was stopped with the improbable french victory in the battle of carillon , in which 3,600 frenchmen famously and decisively defeated abercrombie 's force of 18,000 regulars , militia and native american allies outside the fort the french called carillon and the british called ticonderoga . <SEP> how many ?
" :64 instead , edison offered a us $ 10 a week raise over tesla 's us $ 18 per week salary ; tesla refused the offer and immediately resigned . <SEP> what ?
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers . <SEP> how many yards ?
analyses of sediment deposits from amazon basin paleolakes and from the amazon fan indicate that rainfall in the basin during the lgm was lower than for the present , and this was almost certainly associated with reduced moist tropical vegetation cover in the basin . <SEP> what ?
throughout the 1580s , riots led to the expulsion of jews from several german lutheran states . <SEP> when ?
in 1979 , the soviet union deployed its 40th army into afghanistan , attempting to suppress an islamic rebellion against an allied marxist regime in the afghan civil war . <SEP> who ?
the last prime minister of the ( east ) german democratic republic , lothar de maizière , is also a descendant of a huguenot family , as is the german federal minister of the interior , thomas de maizière . <SEP> who ?
from 1525 to 1529 , he established a supervisory church body , laid down a new form of worship service , and wrote a clear summary of the new faith in the form of two catechisms . <SEP> what ?
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality . <SEP> what ?
after al-nimeiry was overthrown in 1985 the party did poorly in national elections , but in 1989 it was able to overthrow the elected post-al-nimeiry government with the help of the military . <SEP> when ?
his national islamic front first gained influence when strongman general gaafar al-nimeiry invited members to serve in his government in 1979. turabi built a powerful economic base with money from foreign islamist banking systems , especially those linked with saudi arabia . <SEP> what organization ?
due to its energy content , o2 is used by complex forms of life , such as animals , in cellular respiration ( see biological role ) . <SEP> for what purpose ?
the strong and weak forces are nuclear forces that act only at very short distances , and are responsible for the interactions between subatomic particles , including nucleons and compound nuclei . <SEP> what nuclear forces ?
normally , the presiding officer tries to achieve a balance between different viewpoints and political parties when selecting members to speak . <SEP> what ?
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise . <SEP> when ?
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game . <SEP> what ?
upon his arrival , he told reporters that he was conducting wireless telegraphy experiments , transmitting signals from pikes peak to paris . <SEP> where ?
according to the new york times on july 22 , 2014 , the " richest 1 percent in the united states now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent " . <SEP> who ?
in 1967 , manuel blum developed an axiomatic complexity theory based on his axioms and proved an important result , the so-called , speed-up theorem . <SEP> what theorem ?
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season . <SEP> what injury ?
since 1999 , big finish productions has released several different series of doctor who audios on cd . <SEP> what year ?
in comparing these particles with the bits of metal projected by his " electric gun , " tesla said , " the particles in the beam of force ... will travel much faster than such particles ... and they will travel in concentrations . " <SEP> what other projectiles ?
extraordinary general elections are in addition to ordinary general elections , unless held less than six months before the due date of an ordinary general election , in which case they supplant it . <SEP> what ?
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines . <SEP> what types of health outcomes ?
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) . <SEP> what version of windows ?
the three sources of european union law are primary law , secondary law and supplementary law . <SEP> what ?
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> who ?
such experiments demonstrate the crucial properties that forces are additive vector quantities : they have magnitude and direction . <SEP> what ?
notable faculty in physics have included the speed of light calculator a. a. michelson , elementary charge calculator robert a. millikan , discoverer of the compton effect arthur h. compton , the creator of the first nuclear reactor enrico fermi , " the father of the hydrogen bomb " edward teller , " one of the most brilliant and productive experimental physicists of the twentieth century " luis walter alvarez , murray gell-mann who introduced the quark , second female nobel laureate maria goeppert-mayer , the youngest american winner of the nobel prize tsung-dao lee , and astrophysicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar . <SEP> who ?
he showed that the bodies were accelerated by gravity to an extent that was independent of their mass and argued that objects retain their velocity unless acted on by a force , for example friction . <SEP> what force ?
abu al-rayhan al-biruni ( 973–1048 ce ) was one of the earliest persian geologists , whose works included the earliest writings on the geology of india , hypothesizing that the indian subcontinent was once a sea . <SEP> what ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> 
a series of three small civil wars known as the huguenot rebellions broke out , mainly in southwestern france , between 1621 and 1629. revolted against royal authority . <SEP> where ?
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible . <SEP> what type of text ?
faced with this strength , loudoun returned to new york amid news that a massacre had occurred at fort william henry . <SEP> what ?
similarly , algorithms can solve the np-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes in less than quadratic time and sat solvers routinely handle large instances of the np-complete boolean satisfiability problem . <SEP> what ?
the chloroplast double membrane is also often compared to the mitochondrial double membrane . <SEP> what ?
both special reports were requested by governments . <SEP> why ?
depending on the water level , this flow of the rhine water is clearly visible along the entire length of the lake . <SEP> how much of the lake connecting with the rhine ?
additionally , many organizations , conferences , and congregations have recently called for broader acceptance of the lgbt community within the umc . <SEP> 
by the late 19th century scientists realized that air could be liquefied , and its components isolated , by compressing and cooling it . <SEP> by what century ?
by mass , oxygen is the third-most abundant element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium . <SEP> what ?
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers . <SEP> how many total yards ?
the new package included four channels formerly available free-to-air , broadcasting on astra 's satellites , as well as introducing new channels . <SEP> who ?
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls . <SEP> who ?
in the middle east , and particularly in iran , genghis khan is almost universally condemned as a destructive and genocidal warlord who caused enormous damage and destruction to the population of these areas . <SEP> which middle eastern nation in particular views ?
their most famous song , " fog on the tyne " ( 1971 ) , was covered by geordie ex-footballer paul gascoigne in 1990. venom , reckoned by many to be the originators of black metal and extremely influential to the extreme metal scene as a whole , formed in newcastle in 1979. folk metal band skyclad , often regarded as the first folk metal band , also formed in newcastle after the break-up of martin walkyier thrash metal band , sabbat . <SEP> what band ?
fresno is the largest u.s. city not directly linked to an interstate highway . <SEP> which ?
melanocytes ) into tumors called melanomas . <SEP> what ?
such safety valves traditionally used a simple lever to restrain a plug valve in the top of a boiler . <SEP> what ?
despite the disagreements on the eucharist , the marburg colloquy paved the way for the signing in 1530 of the augsburg confession , and for the formation of the schmalkaldic league the following year by leading protestant nobles such as john of saxony , philip of hesse , and george , margrave of brandenburg-ansbach . <SEP> what ?
as of 2004 , an estimated 32,463 farms occupied around 136,000 square kilometres ( 52,500 sq mi ) of victorian land . <SEP> how many farms ?
since the 2005 revival , the doctor generally travels with a primary female companion , who occupies a larger narrative role . <SEP> what ?
in july 1960 , nasa deputy administrator hugh l. dryden announced the apollo program to industry representatives at a series of space task group conferences . <SEP> who ?
lessing ( 1755 ) had earlier reached the same conclusion in his analysis of lutheran orthodoxy on this issue . <SEP> when ?
in october 2010 , medical geneticists suggested that all three of the great waves of the plague originated in china . <SEP> where ?
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) . <SEP> who ?
passenger rail service is provided by amtrak san joaquins . <SEP> which company ?
the british empire was the largest empire that the world has ever seen both in terms of landmass and population . <SEP> by the late 19th century , which country ?
however , there is no evidence of this , or of the lifting of discriminatory policies towards sedentary peoples such as the chinese . <SEP> who ?
however , abc 's issues with its transition to color became secondary compared to the network 's financial problems ; in 1964 , the network found itself , as goldenson later wrote in the 1991 book " beating the odds : the untold story behind the rise of abc " , " in the middle of a war [ where ] the battlefield was wall street " . <SEP> what ?
he started teaching in rotterdam , where he finished writing and publishing his multi-volume masterpiece , historical and critical dictionary . <SEP> where ?
[ not in citation given ] it should be noted here however that in certain cases , with great economic inequality , there is nonetheless not more waste and pollution created as the waste/pollution is cleaned up better afterwards ( water treatment , filtering , ... ) ... . also note that the whole of the increase in environmental degradation is the result of the increase of emissions per person being multiplied by a multiplier . <SEP> what ?
legrande writes that " the formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is extremely difficult , if not impossible . <SEP> who ?
glaucophyte chloroplasts also contain concentric unstacked thylakoids , which surround a carboxysome - an icosahedral structure that glaucophyte chloroplasts and cyanobacteria keep their carbon fixation enzyme rubisco in . <SEP> what kind of structure ?
utility and industrial boilers commonly use multi-stage centrifugal pumps ; however , other types are used . <SEP> what types of pumps ?
in march 1879 , milutin tesla went to maribor to beg his son to return home , but nikola refused . <SEP> what ?
möngke khan succeeded ögedei 's son , güyük , as great khan in 1251. he granted his brother kublai control over mongol held territories in china . <SEP> when ?
the t. t. tsui gallery of chinese art opened in 1991 , displaying a representative collection of the v & as approximately 16,000 objects from china , dating from the 4th millennium bc to the present day . <SEP> what ?
not that i am insensible to my flesh or sex ( for i am neither wood nor stone ) ; but my mind is averse to wedlock because i daily expect the death of a heretic . " <SEP> what ?
the opening was celebrated with a grand dinner attended by 2000 guests , and the laing art gallery has a painting of this event . <SEP> how many guests ?
the name oxygen was coined in 1777 by antoine lavoisier , whose experiments with oxygen helped to discredit the then-popular phlogiston theory of combustion and corrosion . <SEP> what previous work ?
the relevant minister , whose department the debate and motion relate to " winds up " the debate by speaking after all other participants . <SEP> what ?
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 . <SEP> what ?
in bays where they occur in very high numbers , predation by ctenophores may control the populations of small zooplanktonic organisms such as copepods , which might otherwise wipe out the phytoplankton ( planktonic plants ) , which are a vital part of marine food chains . <SEP> what ?
the most common dinophyte chloroplast is the peridinin-type chloroplast , characterized by the carotenoid pigment peridinin in their chloroplasts , along with chlorophyll a and chlorophyll c2 . <SEP> where ?
the problems with north american were severe enough in late 1965 to cause manned space flight administrator george mueller to appoint program director samuel phillips to head a " tiger team " to investigate north american 's problems and identify corrections . <SEP> who ?
in these sermons , he hammered home the primacy of core christian values such as love , patience , charity , and freedom , and reminded the citizens to trust god 's word rather than violence to bring about necessary change . <SEP> how ?
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz . <SEP> who ?
" ikh zasag law adopted during genghis khan ’ s time in mongolia had points to punish illegal matters related to corruption and bribery very heavily , " mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj noted . <SEP> what ?
other geordie words with anglo-saxon origins include : " larn " ( from the anglo-saxon " laeran " , meaning " teach " ) , " burn " ( " stream " ) and " gan " ( " go " ) . <SEP> 
in 1227 , genghis khan 's army attacked and destroyed the tangut capital of ning hia and continued to advance , seizing lintiao-fu , xining province , xindu-fu , and deshun province in quick succession in the spring . <SEP> what ?
the network is headquartered on columbus avenue and west 66th street in manhattan , with additional major offices and production facilities in new york city , los angeles and burbank , california . <SEP> in what borough of new york city ?
all um churches must have a board of trustees with at least three members and no more than nine members and it is recommended that no gender should hold more than a 2/3 majority . <SEP> what ?
the sieve of eratosthenes , attributed to eratosthenes , is a simple method to compute primes , although the large primes found today with computers are not generated this way . <SEP> what ?
in 2015 , pew research estimated that 3.6 % of the u.s population , or 9 million adult adherents , self-identify with the united methodist church revealing a much larger number of adherents than registered membership . <SEP> what percentage of the u.s. population self-identify ?
around 1800 richard trevithick and , separately , oliver evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam ; trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802. these were much more powerful for a given cylinder size than previous engines and could be made small enough for transport applications . <SEP> in what year ?
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000. the three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined . <SEP> what percentage of global assets ?
after the revocation of the edict of nantes , the dutch republic received the largest group of huguenot refugees , an estimated total of 75,000 to 100,000 people . <SEP> what declaration ?
on 27 january 2014 , microsoft announced " that skydrive will soon become onedrive " and " skydrive pro " becomes " onedrive for business " . <SEP> what ?
shi tianze was a han chinese who lived in the jin dynasty . <SEP> what ethnicity ?
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game . <SEP> who ?
in addition to the vince lombardi trophy that all super bowl champions receive , the winner of super bowl 50 will also receive a large , 18-karat gold-plated " 50 " . <SEP> 
between 1964 and 1985 , the 7–4–2–3 system was adopted – seven years of primary , four years of lower secondary , two years of upper secondary , and three years of university . <SEP> what system ?
goldenson also cited interest in japan in the early 1950s , acquiring a 5 % stake in two new domestic networks , the mainichi broadcasting system in 1951 and nihon educational television in 1957. goldenson also invested in broadcasting properties in beirut in the mid-1960s . <SEP> what country ?
in marleasing sa v la comercial sa the court of justice held that a spanish court had to interpret its general civil code provisions , on contracts lacking cause or defrauding creditors , to conform with the first company law directive article 11 , that required incorporations would only be nullified for a fixed list of reasons . <SEP> what ?
due to the erratic and ( outside of college football season ) highly inconsistent scheduling of sports programming on weekend afternoons since espn took over responsibilities for abc 's sports division in 2006 , abc carries the espn sports saturday block on saturday late afternoons ( featuring various espn-produced documentaries ) , and on sundays either encores of primetime reality series , cancelled series being burned off that had no room on the primetime schedule , occasional theatrical films which were acquired by the network in the early to mid-2000s that no longer have a primetime slot to air in or more recently , figure skating and gymnastics specials supplied by disson skating , when no sports telecasts are scheduled , usually airing between 4:00 and 6:00 p.m. eastern and pacific time . <SEP> when ?
due to its electronegativity , oxygen forms chemical bonds with almost all other elements to give corresponding oxides . <SEP> what ?
the more recent type of safety valve uses an adjustable spring-loaded valve , which is locked such that operators may not tamper with its adjustment unless a seal illegally is broken . <SEP> what type of valve ?
dendritic cells serve as a link between the bodily tissues and the innate and adaptive immune systems , as they present antigens to t cells , one of the key cell types of the adaptive immune system . <SEP> 
small subunit ribosomal rnas in several chlorophyta and euglenid chloroplasts lack motifs for shine-dalgarno sequence recognition , which is considered essential for translation initiation in most chloroplasts and prokaryotes . <SEP> what ?
after he died , his body was returned to mongolia and presumably to his birthplace in khentii aimag , where many assume he is buried somewhere close to the onon river and the burkhan khaldun mountain ( part of the kentii mountain range ) . <SEP> what river ?
harvard 's 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , about 3 miles ( 5 km ) west-northwest of the state house in downtown boston , and extends into the surrounding harvard square neighborhood . <SEP> how far from state house in downtown boston ?
as such , it made a significant contribution to the evolution of the german language and literature . <SEP> what ?
since the election riots , the government and civil society organisations started programmes to avoid similar disasters in the future , said agnes r. m. aboum – executive director of taabco research and development consultants in nairobi – in the magazine d+c development and cooperation . <SEP> what ?
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . ) <SEP> what type of school ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> what team ?
most studies looking into the relationship have concentrated on homicides – since homicides are almost identically defined across all nations and jurisdictions . <SEP> what ?
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen . <SEP> what ?
the e. w. scripps company is the largest operator of abc stations in terms of overall market reach , owning 15 abc-affiliated stations ( including affiliates in larger markets such as cleveland , phoenix , detroit and denver ) , and through its ownership of phoenix affiliate knxv , las vegas affiliate ktnv-tv and tucson affiliate kgun-tv , the only provider of abc programming for the majority of arizona ( outside of the yuma-el centro market ) and southern nevada . <SEP> what ?
one of competing model for cpdna replication asserts that most cpdna is linear and participates in homologous recombination and replication structures similar to bacteriophage t4 . <SEP> what ?
this means that it takes energy to pack them together . <SEP> what ?
one computer model of future climate change caused by greenhouse gas emissions shows that the amazon rainforest could become unsustainable under conditions of severely reduced rainfall and increased temperatures , leading to an almost complete loss of rainforest cover in the basin by 2100. however , simulations of amazon basin climate change across many different models are not consistent in their estimation of any rainfall response , ranging from weak increases to strong decreases . <SEP> by what type of emissions ?
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii . <SEP> what ?
priestley published his findings in 1775 in a paper titled " an account of further discoveries in air " which was included in the second volume of his book titled experiments and observations on different kinds of air . <SEP> in what year ?
cameron congratulated the snp on their victory but vowed to campaign for the union in the independence referendum . <SEP> who ?
usually , the alphabet is taken to be the binary alphabet ( i.e. , the set { 0,1 } ) , and thus the strings are bitstrings . <SEP> what ?
over the next five days , private conferences were held to determine luther 's fate . <SEP> how ?
this rock can be weathered and eroded , and then redeposited and lithified into a sedimentary rock , or be turned into a metamorphic rock due to heat and pressure that change the mineral content of the rock which gives it a characteristic fabric . <SEP> what changes the mineral content of a rock ?
the colony of kenya and the protectorate of kenya each came to an end on 12 december 1963 with independence being conferred on all of kenya . <SEP> when ?
he states that maps " contributed to empire by promoting , assisting , and legitimizing the extension of french and british power into west africa " . <SEP> who besides the british ?
following the treaty , king george iii issued the royal proclamation of 1763 on october 7 , 1763 , which outlined the division and administration of the newly conquered territory , and to some extent continues to govern relations between the government of modern canada and the first nations . <SEP> what ?
one of the earliest surviving examples of european quilting , the late 14th-century sicilian tristan quilt , is also held by the collection . <SEP> when ?
today , the treaty of lisbon prohibits anti-competitive agreements in article 101 ( 1 ) , including price fixing . <SEP> in which ?
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack . <SEP> who ?
the doctor rarely travels alone and often brings one or more companions to share these adventures . <SEP> how ?
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert . <SEP> who ?
the drengot family thereafter attained the principality of capua , and emperor henry iii legally ennobled the hauteville leader , drogo , as " dux et magister italiae comesque normannorum totius apuliae et calabriae " ( " duke and master of italy and count of the normans of all apulia and calabria " ) in 1047 . <SEP> what ?
also , the block ii spacesuit was revised for the extended missions to allow greater flexibility and visibility for driving the lrv . <SEP> what ?
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe . <SEP> who ?
" informal imperialism " is less direct ; however , it is still a powerful form of dominance . <SEP> 
over the six years studied , the actual temperature rise was near the top end of the range given by ipcc 's 2001 projection , and the actual sea level rise was above the top of the range of the ipcc projection . <SEP> how ?
the different islamist movements have been described as " oscillating between two poles " : at one end is a strategy of islamization of society through state power seized by revolution or invasion ; at the other " reformist " pole islamists work to islamize society gradually " from the bottom up " . <SEP> what ?
a tundra , with ice age flora and fauna , stretched across middle europe , from asia to the atlantic ocean . <SEP> what ?
newton , however , realized that since all celestial bodies followed the same laws of motion , his law of gravity had to be universal . <SEP> who ?
most went to cuba , including the entire governmental records from st. augustine , although some christianized yamasee were resettled to the coast of mexico . <SEP> where ?
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue . <SEP> what ?
project mercury was followed by the two-man project gemini ( 1962–66 ) . <SEP> how many people ?
evaporative cooling towers need less water flow than " once-through " cooling by river or lake water ; a 700 megawatt coal-fired power plant may use about 3600 cubic metres of make-up water every hour for evaporative cooling , but would need about twenty times as much if cooled by river water . <SEP> about how many cubic meters of make-up water ?
about the time of the first landing in 1969 , it was decided to use an existing saturn v to launch the skylab orbital laboratory pre-built on the ground , replacing the original plan to construct it in orbit from several saturn ib launches ; this eliminated apollo 20. nasa 's yearly budget also began to shrink in light of the successful landing , and nasa also had to make funds available for the development of the upcoming space shuttle . <SEP> what ?
under defensive coordinator wade phillips , the broncos ' defense ranked number one in total yards allowed , passing yards allowed and sacks , and like the previous three seasons , the team has continued to set numerous individual , league and franchise records . <SEP> who ?
in the january 2006 legislative election—its first foray into the political process—it won the majority of the seats , and in 2007 it drove the plo out of gaza . <SEP> when ?
this routine consists of dividing n by each integer m that is greater than 1 and less than or equal to the square root of n. if the result of any of these divisions is an integer , then n is not a prime , otherwise it is a prime . <SEP> what ?
many faults are able to produce a magnitude 6.7+ earthquake , such as the san andreas fault , which can produce a magnitude 8.0 event . <SEP> which fault ?
by the end of the emergency , the home guard had killed 4,686 mau mau , amounting to 42 % of the total insurgents . <SEP> how many of the mau mau ?
the special was one of several special 3d programmes the bbc produced at the time , using a 3d system that made use of the pulfrich effect requiring glasses with one darkened lens ; the picture would look normal to those viewers who watched without the glasses . <SEP> what ?
both before and after the 1708 passage of the foreign protestants naturalization act , an estimated 50,000 protestant walloons and huguenots fled to england , with many moving on to ireland and elsewhere . <SEP> when ?
type ii hypersensitivity occurs when antibodies bind to antigens on the patient 's own cells , marking them for destruction . <SEP> 
:43 , 301 on one occasion at his laboratory , tesla worked for a period of 84 hours without sleep or rest . <SEP> what amount of time ?
[ citation needed ] his lab was torn down in 1904 , and its contents were sold two years later to satisfy a debt . <SEP> when ?
in addition to the general assembly hall , the parliament also used buildings rented from the city of edinburgh council . <SEP> who ?
the highest temperature recorded was 104 °f ( 40 °c ) on july 11 , 1879 and july 28 , 1872. it is common for thunderstorms to erupt during a typical summer afternoon . <SEP> what ?
september 1994 saw the debut of nypd blue , a gritty police procedural from steven bochco ( who created doogie howser , m.d . <SEP> who ?
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them . <SEP> what ?
other institutions for higher education include the medical university of warsaw , the largest medical school in poland and one of the most prestigious , the national defence university , highest military academic institution in poland , the fryderyk chopin university of music the oldest and largest music school in poland , and one of the largest in europe , the warsaw school of economics , the oldest and most renowned economic university in the country , and the warsaw university of life sciences the largest agricultural university founded in 1818 . <SEP> what ?
others say that this was—on the contrary—a very precise notation of a correct african pronunciation /ˈkɛnjə/ . <SEP> what ?
a study by the american association of university women reported that 9.6 % of students in the united states claim to have received unwanted sexual attention from an adult associated with education ; be they a volunteer , bus driver , teacher , administrator or other adult ; sometime during their educational career . <SEP> who ?
writers whose papers are in the library are as diverse as charles dickens and beatrix potter . <SEP> which ?
without luther 's backing for the uprising , many rebels laid down their weapons ; others felt betrayed . <SEP> what ?
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage . <SEP> where ?
in the words of the secretary general of the united nations ban ki-moon : " while economic growth is necessary , it is not sufficient for progress on reducing poverty . " <SEP> what ?
stable and radioactive isotope studies provide insight into the geochemical evolution of rock units . <SEP> 
bypassing the nasa hierarchy , he sent a series of memos and reports on the issue to associate administrator robert seamans ; while acknowledging that he spoke " somewhat as a voice in the wilderness , " houbolt pleaded that lor should not be discounted in studies of the question . <SEP> who ?
a two-volume illustrated folio paraphrase version based on his manuscript , by jean de rély , was printed in paris in 1487 . <SEP> 
kenia , 1862. controversy over the actual meaning of the word kenya notwithstanding , it is clear that the mountain 's name became widely accepted , pars pro toto , as the name of the country . <SEP> what year ?
the original theatre royal in newcastle was opened on 21 january 1788 and was located on mosley street . <SEP> when ?
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states . <SEP> what ?
although the soviet response to such an act would likely not involve force , intelligence warned " the american occupation would need to last 10 years as the west developed alternative energy sources , and would result in the ‘ total alienation ’ of the arabs and much of the rest of the third world . " <SEP> who ?
the complexity class np , on the other hand , contains many problems that people would like to solve efficiently , but for which no efficient algorithm is known , such as the boolean satisfiability problem , the hamiltonian path problem and the vertex cover problem . <SEP> what ?
on 6 november 1915 , a reuters news agency report from london had the 1915 nobel prize in physics awarded to thomas edison and nikola tesla ; however , on 15 november , a reuters story from stockholm stated the prize that year was being awarded to sir william henry bragg and william lawrence bragg " for their services in the analysis of crystal structure by means of x-rays . <SEP> who ?
one of the things tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887 was an induction motor that ran on alternating current , a power system format that was starting to be built in europe and the united states because of its advantages in long-distance , high-voltage transmission . <SEP> when ?
the pharmas also used many other herbs not listed . <SEP> what else ?
it was first established in 1988 by two united nations organizations , the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) and the united nations environment programme ( unep ) , and later endorsed by the united nations general assembly through resolution 43/53 . <SEP> what un organizations ?
in january 2010 bskyb discontinued the sky+ box , limited the standard sky box to multiroom upgrade only and started to issue the sky+hd box as standard , thus giving all new subscribers the functions of sky+ . <SEP> what ?
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds . <SEP> with whom ?
in contrast to many other parliamentary systems , parliament elects a first minister from a number of candidates at the beginning of each parliamentary term ( after a general election ) . <SEP> who ?
the network has the unusual distinction of having separately owned and operated affiliates which serve the same market in tampa , florida ( wfts-tv and wwsb ) and grand rapids , michigan ( wzzm and wotv ) , with an analogous situation arising in kansas city , missouri ( kmbc-tv and kqtv ) . <SEP> what ?
the apollo program succeeded in achieving its goal of manned lunar landing , despite the major setback of a 1967 apollo 1 cabin fire that killed the entire crew during a prelaunch test . <SEP> in what year ?
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959. the series went on to quickly become " immensely popular " . <SEP> what production company ?
juzjani suggests that the disagreement arose from a quarrel between jochi and his brothers in the siege of urgench . <SEP> which territory ?
the procedure continues until the building is ready to occupy . <SEP> 
the extent of hadrian 's wall was 73 miles ( 117 km ) , spanning the width of britain ; the wall incorporated the vallum , a large rearward ditch with parallel mounds , and was constructed primarily for defence , to prevent unwanted immigration and the incursion of pictish tribes from the north , not as a fighting line for a major invasion . <SEP> what tribes ?
administrator webb realized that in order to keep apollo costs under control , he had to develop greater project management skills in his organization , so he recruited dr. george e. mueller for a high management job . <SEP> who ?
committees can also meet at other locations throughout scotland . <SEP> where ?
the 1983 20th anniversary special the five doctors had its début on 23 november ( the actual date of the anniversary ) on a number of pbs stations two days prior to its bbc one broadcast . <SEP> when ?
the service continued until the closure of bskyb 's analogue service on 27 september 2001 , due to the launch and expansion of the sky digital platform . <SEP> what platform ?
the effect of luther 's intervention was immediate . <SEP> how quick ?
in education , teachers facilitate student learning , often in a school or academy or perhaps in another environment such as outdoors . <SEP> where ?
by autumn 1347 , the plague reached alexandria in egypt , probably through the port 's trade with constantinople , and ports on the black sea . <SEP> how ?
the ipcc produces reports that support the united nations framework convention on climate change ( unfccc ) , which is the main international treaty on climate change . <SEP> what ?
packets are normally forwarded by intermediate network nodes asynchronously using first-in , first-out buffering , but may be forwarded according to some scheduling discipline for fair queuing , traffic shaping , or for differentiated or guaranteed quality of service , such as weighted fair queuing or leaky bucket . <SEP> how ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> how many ?
newborn infants have no prior exposure to microbes and are particularly vulnerable to infection . <SEP> 
the dialect of newcastle is known as geordie , and contains a large amount of vocabulary and distinctive word pronunciations not used in other parts of the united kingdom . <SEP> what ?
another form ( allotrope ) of oxygen , ozone ( o 3 ) , strongly absorbs uvb radiation and consequently the high-altitude ozone layer helps protect the biosphere from ultraviolet radiation , but is a pollutant near the surface where it is a by-product of smog . <SEP> 
when their electron clouds overlap , pauli repulsion ( due to fermionic nature of electrons ) follows resulting in the force that acts in a direction normal to the surface interface between two objects . <SEP> what ?
buddhism ( especially tibetan buddhism ) flourished , although taoism endured certain persecutions in favor of buddhism from the yuan government . <SEP> what religion ?
brownlee notes that " although civil disobedients are constrained in their use of coercion by their conscientious aim to engage in moral dialogue , nevertheless they may find it necessary to employ limited coercion in order to get their issue onto the table . " <SEP> what side effect of these type of protests ?
the largest single sensory feature is the aboral organ ( at the opposite end from the mouth ) . <SEP> where ?
however , attempting to reconcile electromagnetic theory with two observations , the photoelectric effect , and the nonexistence of the ultraviolet catastrophe , proved troublesome . <SEP> what ?
in 1965 , at the instigation of warner sinback , a data network based on this voice-phone network was designed to connect ge 's four computer sales and service centers ( schenectady , phoenix , chicago , and phoenix ) to facilitate a computer time-sharing service , apparently the world 's first commercial online service . <SEP> what ?
the northern rock cyclone , a cycling festival , takes place within , or starting from , newcastle in june . <SEP> what type of festival ?
saudi arabia and iran became increasingly dependent on american security assurances to manage both external and internal threats , including increased military competition between them over increased oil revenues . <SEP> which countries ?
teachers may use a lesson plan to facilitate student learning , providing a course of study which is called the curriculum . <SEP> what ?
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver . <SEP> what microsoft ceo ?
until the bishop has read the appointments at the session of the annual conference , no appointments are officially fixed . <SEP> what ?
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030. in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight . <SEP> why ?
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no . <SEP> what answer ?
by the time of the french and indian war ( the north american front of the seven years ' war ) , a sizeable population of huguenot descent lived in the british colonies , and many participated in the british defeat of new france in 1759-60 . <SEP> when ?
while granting his generals a great deal of autonomy in making command decisions , genghis khan also expected unwavering loyalty from them . <SEP> what ?
david rodda noted that from 1984 and 1991 , the number of quality rental units decreased as the demand for higher quality housing increased ( rhoda 1994:148 ) . <SEP> what ?
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance . <SEP> what ?
luther rarely encountered jews during his life , but his attitudes reflected a theological and cultural tradition which saw jews as a rejected people guilty of the murder of christ , and he lived within a local community that had expelled jews some ninety years earlier . <SEP> what ?
audio versions of all of the lost episodes exist from home viewers who made tape recordings of the show . <SEP> how ?
bielany forest , located within the borders of warsaw , is the remaining part of the masovian primeval forest . <SEP> where ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> what ?
after the revocation of the edict of nantes , the dutch republic received the largest group of huguenot refugees , an estimated total of 75,000 to 100,000 people . <SEP> what country ?
cydippid ctenophores have bodies that are more or less rounded , sometimes nearly spherical and other times more cylindrical or egg-shaped ; the common coastal " sea gooseberry , " pleurobrachia , sometimes has an egg-shaped body with the mouth at the narrow end , although some individuals are more uniformly round . <SEP> where ?
in 1955 , eero saarinen was contracted to develop a second master plan , which led to the construction of buildings both north and south of the midway , including the laird bell law quadrangle ( a complex designed by saarinen ) ; a series of arts buildings ; a building designed by ludwig mies van der rohe for the university 's school of social service administration ; , a building which is to become the home of the harris school of public policy studies by edward durrell stone , and the regenstein library , the largest building on campus , a brutalist structure designed by walter netsch of the chicago firm skidmore , owings & merrill . <SEP> who ?
such qualifications were introduced under the house of commons disqualification act 1975 and the british nationality act 1981. specifically , members must be over the age of 18 and must be a citizen of the united kingdom , the republic of ireland , one of the countries in the commonwealth of nations , a citizen of a british overseas territory , or a european union citizen resident in the uk . <SEP> how old most a person ?
it has been claimed that the hungarians under ferenc deák directed revolutionary civil disobedience against the austrian government . <SEP> 
jon culshaw frequently impersonates the fourth doctor in the bbc dead ringers series . <SEP> who ?
analysis of a silicon wafer exposed to the solar wind in space and returned by the crashed genesis spacecraft has shown that the sun has a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than does the earth . <SEP> what molecule ?
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent . <SEP> who ?
the v & a theatre & performance galleries , formerly the theatre museum , opened in march 2009. the collections are stored by the v & a , and are available for research , exhibitions and other shows . <SEP> in which year ?
( exodus 1 : 15-19 ) <SEP> 
a different arrangement was recorded by peter howell for season 18 ( 1980 ) , which was in turn replaced by dominic glynn 's arrangement for the season-long serial the trial of a time lord in season 23 ( 1986 ) . <SEP> who ?
the aare also contains the waters from the 4,274 m ( 14,022 ft ) summit of finsteraarhorn , the highest point of the rhine basin . <SEP> where ?
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor . <SEP> who ?
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare . <SEP> when ?
scientists assess this aspect of water quality by measuring the water 's biochemical oxygen demand , or the amount of o 2 needed to restore it to a normal concentration . <SEP> what measurement ?
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) . <SEP> in what year ?
the john jones collection of french 18th-century art and furnishings was left to the museum in 1882 , then valued at £250,000 . <SEP> what ?
the historic city-centre of warsaw with its picturesque old town in 1980 was listed as a unesco world heritage site . <SEP> what ?
brownlee notes that " although civil disobedients are constrained in their use of coercion by their conscientious aim to engage in moral dialogue , nevertheless they may find it necessary to employ limited coercion in order to get their issue onto the table . " <SEP> what ?
chloroplasts alone make almost all of a plant cell 's amino acids in their stroma except the sulfur-containing ones like cysteine and methionine . <SEP> where ?
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night . <SEP> what day ?
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice . <SEP> what comedy for abc ?
he had long condemned vows of celibacy on biblical grounds , but his decision to marry surprised many , not least melanchthon , who called it reckless . <SEP> what ?
these foreign bodies are picked up as magma or lava flows , and are incorporated , later to cool in the matrix . <SEP> by what ?
between 1978 and 2008 , entering students were required to complete a core curriculum of seven classes outside of their concentration . <SEP> how ?
the romans kept eight legions in five bases along the rhine . <SEP> how many legions in five bases ?
while these non-marxist writers were at their most prolific before world war i , they remained active in the interwar years . <SEP> when ?
this also led luther to reject the idea of torments for the saints : " it is enough for us to know that souls do not leave their bodies to be threatened by the torments and punishments of hell , but enter a prepared bedchamber in which they sleep in peace . " <SEP> what ?
kublai expanded the grand canal from southern china to daidu in the north . <SEP> where ?
a conservative force that acts on a closed system has an associated mechanical work that allows energy to convert only between kinetic or potential forms . <SEP> what ?
a third in 2009 featured a crossover appearance from the main show by david tennant as the tenth doctor . <SEP> in what year ?
the result indicates that the rainforest could be threatened though the 21st century by climate change in addition to deforestation . <SEP> how long ?
colonialism can completely change the existing social structure , physical structure and economics of an area ; it is not unusual that the characteristics of the conquering peoples are inherited by the conquered indigenous populations . <SEP> what ?
in 1958 , a study recommended that the city of jacksonville begin annexing outlying communities in order to create the needed tax base to improve services throughout the county . <SEP> what ?
americans live no longer on average ( about 77 years in 2004 ) than greeks ( 78 years ) or new zealanders ( 78 ) , though the usa has a higher gdp per capita . <SEP> who ?
while many commute to l.a. and orange counties , there are some differences in development , as most of san bernardino and riverside counties ( the non-desert portions ) were developed in the 1980s and 1990s . <SEP> which other county ?
zachęta national gallery of art , the oldest exhibition site in warsaw , with a tradition stretching back to the mid-19th century organises exhibitions of modern art by polish and international artists and promotes art in many other ways . <SEP> what ?
shirley 's efforts to fortify oswego were bogged down in logistical difficulties , exacerbated by shirley 's inexperience in managing large expeditions . <SEP> what difficulties ?
the city is home to the children 's memorial health institute ( cmhi ) , the highest-reference hospital in all of poland , as well as an active research and education center . <SEP> what ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> what site ?
this expedient has since been generally considered satisfactory for most purposes and makes possible the use of the simpler stephenson , joy and walschaerts motions . <SEP> what ?
a steady stream of oxygen gas is then produced by the exothermic reaction . <SEP> what gas ?
the islamist groups like hezbollah in lebanon and hamas in palestine participate in democratic and political process as well as armed attacks , seeking to abolish the state of israel . <SEP> where ?
using handheld gps devices and programs like google earth , members of the trio tribe , who live in the rainforests of southern suriname , map out their ancestral lands to help strengthen their territorial claims . <SEP> what ?
in the more spiritual or mystical islamic tradition of sufism , the position of spiritual teacher and an esoteric ( as opposed to exoteric , or actions-oriented , e.g . <SEP> what ?
[ citation needed ] on november 28 , 1995 , bill clinton signed the national highway designation act , ending the federal 55 mph ( 89 km/h ) speed limit , allowing states to restore their prior maximum speed limit . <SEP> when ?
in 1940 , the census bureau reported fresno 's population as 94.0 % white , 3.3 % black and 2.7 % asian . <SEP> what percentage of the population in fresno ?
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes . <SEP> who ?
after petitioning the british crown in 1697 for the right to own land in the baronies , they prospered as slave owners on the cooper , ashepoo , ashley and santee river plantations they purchased from the british landgrave edmund bellinger . <SEP> from whom ?
mao zedong once argued that the soviet union had itself become an imperialist power while maintaining a socialist façade . <SEP> who ?
one year later , a war erupted in the philippines causing business , labor and government leaders in the us to condemn america 's occupation in the philippines as they also denounced them for causing the deaths of many filipinos . <SEP> what ?
the earliest of these featured the fifth , sixth and seventh doctors , with paul mcgann 's eight doctor joining the line in 2001. tom baker 's fourth doctor began appearing for big finish in 2012. along with the main range , adventures of the first , second and third doctors have been produced in both limited cast and full cast formats , as well as audiobooks . <SEP> which doctors ?
breathing pure o 2 in space applications , such as in some modern space suits , or in early spacecraft such as apollo , causes no damage due to the low total pressures used . <SEP> why ?
with an estimated completion date of 2020 , the barack obama presidential center will be housed at the university and include both the obama presidential library and offices of the obama foundation . <SEP> in what year ?
temüjin had killed the men who betrayed jamukha , stating that he did not want disloyal men in his army . <SEP> why ?
southern california is also home to the port of los angeles , the united states ' busiest commercial port ; the adjacent port of long beach , the united states ' second busiest container port ; and the port of san diego . <SEP> what ?
the ipcc panel is composed of representatives appointed by governments and organizations . <SEP> who ?
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california . <SEP> what venue ?
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city . <SEP> where ?
in the march battle of fort bull , french forces destroyed the fort and large quantities of supplies , including 45,000 pounds of gunpowder . <SEP> what ?
orange county is a rapidly developing business center that includes downtown santa ana , the south coast metro and newport center districts ; as well as the irvine business centers of the irvine spectrum , west irvine , and international corporations headquartered at the university of california , irvine . <SEP> what other business district ?
patrons who have influenced taste are also represented by works of art from their collections , these include : horace walpole ( a major influence on the gothic revival ) , william thomas beckford and thomas hope . <SEP> which artist who had a major influence on the gothic revival ?
abercrombie saved something from the disaster when he sent john bradstreet on an expedition that successfully destroyed fort frontenac , including caches of supplies destined for new france 's western forts and furs destined for europe . <SEP> what success ?
the inner surface of the cavity is lined with an epithelium , the gastrodermis . <SEP> with what ?
the college 's academics are divided into five divisions : the biological sciences collegiate division , the physical sciences collegiate division , the social sciences collegiate division , the humanities collegiate division , and the new collegiate division . <SEP> how many divisions ?
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species . <SEP> how many species of trees ?
for certain physical scenarios , it is impossible to model forces as being due to gradient of potentials . <SEP> what ?
he also rejected the existence of purgatory , which involved christian souls undergoing penitential suffering after death . <SEP> what ?
chinese advisers such as liu bingzhong and yao shu gave strong influence to kublai 's early court , and the central government administration was established within the first decade of kublai 's reign . <SEP> who ?
[ not in citation given ] it should be noted here however that in certain cases , with great economic inequality , there is nonetheless not more waste and pollution created as the waste/pollution is cleaned up better afterwards ( water treatment , filtering , ... ) ... . also note that the whole of the increase in environmental degradation is the result of the increase of emissions per person being multiplied by a multiplier . <SEP> what ?
although the vote was 51.6 % in favour of a scottish assembly , this figure did not equal the 40 % of the total electorate threshold deemed necessary to pass the measure , as 32.9 % of the eligible voting population did not , or had been unable to , vote . <SEP> what percentage of scotland 's voting population ?
moreover , in 2011 and 2012 , the united methodist church 's general board of church and society called on all united methodists to abstain from alcohol for lent . <SEP> when ?
for example , the prime field is the smallest subfield of a field f containing both 0 and 1. it is either q or the finite field with p elements , whence the name . <SEP> 
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity . <SEP> what football ?
it was however superseded by the british invention steam turbine where speed was required , for instance in warships , such as the dreadnought battleships , and ocean liners . <SEP> what ?
sanders was his top receiver with six receptions for 83 yards . <SEP> what ?
the mongols characterized otachi doctors by their use of herbal remedies , which was distinguished from the spiritual cures of mongol shamanism . <SEP> what type of medicine ?
the largest tesco store in the united kingdom is located in kingston park on the edge of newcastle . <SEP> 
then he imposed penalties , closed huguenot schools and excluded them from favored professions . <SEP> what ?
of the 129 msps , 73 are elected to represent first past the post constituencies and are known as " constituency msps " . <SEP> what ?
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " . <SEP> what ?
nonconservative forces other than friction include other contact forces , tension , compression , and drag . <SEP> 
the combined wealth of the " 10 million dollar millionaires " grew to nearly $ 41 trillion in 2008. a january 2014 report by oxfam claims that the 85 wealthiest individuals in the world have a combined wealth equal to that of the bottom 50 % of the world 's population , or about 3.5 billion people . <SEP> how many ?
in contrast to disney 's other channels , abc is broadcast in the united states , although the network 's programming is syndicated in many countries . <SEP> what country ?
this unusual protection of private schools was implemented to protect these schools from a second gleichschaltung or similar event in the future . <SEP> 
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen . <SEP> who ?
immediately after decision time a " members debate " is held , which lasts for 45 minutes . <SEP> when ?
the time derivative of the changing momentum of the object is what we label as " gravitational force " . <SEP> what ?
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns . <SEP> how many ?
most norman knights remained poor and land-hungry , and by 1066 normandy had been exporting fighting horsemen for more than a generation . <SEP> what ?
+ 1 is divisible by p. moreover , an integer n > 4 is composite if and only if ( n − 1 ) ! <SEP> what ?
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea . <SEP> how much of the water flow ?
coastal species need to be tough enough to withstand waves and swirling sediment particles , while some oceanic species are so fragile that it is very difficult to capture them intact for study . <SEP> why ?
despite denver 's excellent field position , they could not get the ball into the end zone , so mcmanus kicked a 33-yard field goal that increased their lead to 13–7 . <SEP> how many yards ?
as interesting examples of expositions the most notable are : the world 's first museum of posters boasting one of the largest collections of art posters in the world , museum of hunting and riding and the railway museum . <SEP> what ?
as of the census of 2000 , there were 427,652 people , 140,079 households , and 97,915 families residing in the city . <SEP> how many people ?
politically , victoria has 37 seats in the australian house of representatives and 12 seats in the australian senate . <SEP> how many seats ?
the heat is supplied externally to a closed loop with some of the heat added being converted to work and the waste heat being removed in a condenser . <SEP> what ?
trioxygen ( o 3 ) is usually known as ozone and is a very reactive allotrope of oxygen that is damaging to lung tissue . <SEP> of what ?
thus , each such firm may offer itself as " one-stop shopping " for a construction project , from beginning to end . <SEP> 
in the meantime , on august 1 , 1774 , an experiment conducted by the british clergyman joseph priestley focused sunlight on mercuric oxide ( hgo ) inside a glass tube , which liberated a gas he named " dephlogisticated air " . <SEP> what compound ?
confirming it had reached its target , the broadcaster said its reach into 36 % of households in the uk represented an audience of more than 25m people . <SEP> what ?
also , some civil disobedients seek to use the arrest as an opportunity to make an impression on the officers . <SEP> why ?
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection . <SEP> approximately how many british oil paintings ?
soon after , much of tesla 's early research—hundreds of invention models , plans , notes , laboratory data , tools , photographs , valued at $ 50,000—was lost in the 5th avenue laboratory fire of march 1895. tesla is quoted by the new york times as saying , " i am in too much grief to talk . <SEP> what ?
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality . <SEP> what ?
the rhine bridge at arnhem , immortalized in the book , a bridge too far and the film , was a central focus of the battle for arnhem , during the failed operation market garden of september 1944. the bridges at nijmegen , over the waal distributary of the rhine , were also an objective of operation market garden . <SEP> when ?
on september 13 , 1977 , the network debuted soap , a controversial soap opera parody which became known for being the first television series to feature an openly gay main character ( played by a then-unknown billy crystal ) ; it last ran on the network on april 20 , 1981 . <SEP> what ?
the current mandatory committees in the fourth session of the scottish parliament are : public audit ; equal opportunities ; european and external relations ; finance ; public petitions ; standards , procedures and public appointments ; and delegated powers and law reform . <SEP> what session ?
the centre-left australian labor party ( alp ) , the centre-right liberal party of australia , the rural-based national party of australia , and the environmentalist australian greens are victoria 's main political parties . <SEP> what party ?
there are several ways to mitigate the occupational hazards of teaching . <SEP> how many ways ?
according to the 1901 census , out of 711,988 inhabitants 56.2 % were catholics , 35.7 % jews , 5 % greek orthodox christians and 2.8 % protestants . <SEP> what ?
many words , however , appear to be used exclusively in newcastle and the surrounding area , such as " canny " ( a versatile word meaning " good " , " nice " or " very " ) , " hacky " ( " dirty " ) , " netty " ( " toilet " ) , " hoy " ( " throw " , from the dutch gooien , via west frisian ) , " hockle " ( " spit " ) . <SEP> what language ?
in 1995 the factory was purchased by the south korean car manufacturer daewoo , which assembled the tico , espero , nubia , tacuma , leganza , lanos and matiz there for the european market . <SEP> what south korean car manufacturer ?
where it was once the case that pharmacists stayed within the dispensary compounding/dispensing medications , there has been an increasing trend towards the use of trained pharmacy technicians while the pharmacist spends more time communicating with patients . <SEP> what responsibilities ?
in the 1990s , rankine steam cycles generated about 90 % of all electric power used throughout the world , including virtually all solar , biomass , coal and nuclear power plants . <SEP> what ?
in the summers , temperature ranges are 90-60 's while as winters are 70-50 's , usually all of southern california have mediterranean climate . <SEP> what ?
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands . <SEP> where ?
for its part , the television network produced a few new hits during 1977 : january saw the premiere of roots , a miniseries based on an alex haley novel that was published the previous year ; in september , the love boat , a comedy-drama anthology series produced by aaron spelling which was based around the crew of a cruise ship and featured three stories centered partly on the ship 's various passengers ; although critically lambasted , the series turned out to be a ratings success and lasted nine seasons . <SEP> 
the stepwise mitigation of the ozone layer challenge was based as well on successfully reducing regional burden sharing conflicts . <SEP> what conflicts ?
to the south is the mexico–united states border . <SEP> what ?
he considered the jews blasphemers and liars because they rejected the divinity of jesus , whereas christians believed jesus was the messiah . <SEP> what ?
parliamentary time is also set aside for question periods in the debating chamber . <SEP> what ?
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach . <SEP> how many years ?
ne1fm launched on 8 june 2007 , the first full-time community radio station in the area . <SEP> what ?
she was born maria górska in warsaw to wealthy parents and in 1916 married a polish lawyer tadeusz łempicki . <SEP> when ?
evolution of the adaptive immune system occurred in an ancestor of the jawed vertebrates . <SEP> 
robert lawrence argues that technological innovation and automation has meant that low-skilled jobs have been replaced by machine labor in wealthier nations , and that wealthier countries no longer have significant numbers of low-skilled manufacturing workers that could be affected by competition from poor countries . <SEP> what ?
to partially remedy the wealth gap and the resulting slow growth , s & p recommended increasing access to education . <SEP> what ?
the network hired the troika design group to design and produce its 2001–02 identity , which continued using the black-and-yellow coloring of the logo and featured dots and stripes in various promotional and identification spots . <SEP> what colors ?
responding to the findings of the survey in the times newspaper , journalist philip howard maintained that , " to compare the violence of dr who , sired by a horse-laugh out of a nightmare , with the more realistic violence of other television series , where actors who look like human beings bleed paint that looks like blood , is like comparing monopoly with the property market in london : both are fantasies , but one is meant to be taken seriously . " <SEP> what publication ?
six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system , metrolink , run out of downtown los angeles , connecting los angeles , ventura , san bernardino , riverside , orange , and san diego counties with the other line connecting san bernardino , riverside , and orange counties directly . <SEP> how many ?
usually , the alphabet is taken to be the binary alphabet ( i.e. , the set { 0,1 } ) , and thus the strings are bitstrings . <SEP> what ?
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism . <SEP> where ?
from the same period there is a rug designed by serge chermayeff . <SEP> which ?
the " big five " game animals of africa , that is the lion , leopard , buffalo , rhinoceros , and elephant , can be found in kenya and in the masai mara in particular . <SEP> what ?
james bryant conant ( president , 1933–1953 ) reinvigorated creative scholarship to guarantee its preeminence among research institutions . <SEP> who ?
in 1516 , johann tetzel , a dominican friar and papal commissioner for indulgences , was sent to germany by the roman catholic church to sell indulgences to raise money to rebuild st. peter 's basilica in rome . <SEP> why ?
the legislature of the european union is principally composed of the european parliament and the council of the european union , which under the treaties may establish secondary law to pursue the objective set out in the treaties . <SEP> what ?
in addition to arguing that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic , sceptics of the bubonic plague theory point out that the symptoms of the black death are not unique ( and arguably in some accounts may differ from bubonic plague ) ; that transference via fleas in goods was likely to be of marginal significance ; and that the dna results may be flawed and might not have been repeated elsewhere , despite extensive samples from other mass graves . <SEP> how significant ?
the united methodist church is organized into conferences . <SEP> what church ?
the most useful instrument for analyzing the performance of steam engines is the steam engine indicator . <SEP> what instrument ?
therefore , the european court of justice can not uphold measures which are incompatible with fundamental rights recognised and protected in the constitutions of member states . <SEP> that ?
the victory was made complete in 1760 when , despite losing outside quebec city in the battle of sainte-foy , the british were able to prevent the arrival of french relief ships in the naval battle of the restigouche while armies marched on montreal from three sides . <SEP> 
on april 20 , kennedy sent a memo to vice president lyndon b. johnson , asking johnson to look into the status of america 's space program , and into programs that could offer nasa the opportunity to catch up . <SEP> what month and day ?
radical islamist organizations like al-qaeda and the egyptian islamic jihad , and groups such as the taliban , entirely reject democracy , often declaring as kuffar those muslims who support it ( see takfirism ) , as well as calling for violent/offensive jihad or urging and conducting attacks on a religious basis . <SEP> what ?
they trained and conducted tests of their spacecraft at north american , and in the altitude chamber at the kennedy space center . <SEP> where ?
in 1988 the band the justified ancients of mu mu ( later known as the klf ) released the single " doctorin ' the tardis " under the name the timelords , which reached no . <SEP> which doctor who-related song ?
welsh medium education is available to all age groups through nurseries , schools , colleges and universities and in adult education ; lessons in the language itself are compulsory for all pupils until the age of 16 . <SEP> who ?
in 1959 , walt disney productions , having improved its financial situation , had purchased abc 's shares in the disneyland theme park for $ 7.5 million and initiated discussions to renew abc 's television contract for walt disney presents , which was due to expire in 1961. walt disney was approached by nbc to produce color broadcasts of his anthology series ( which would be renamed walt disney 's wonderful world of color ) . <SEP> what network ?
in berlin , the huguenots created two new neighbourhoods : dorotheenstadt and friedrichstadt . <SEP> what ?
howard zinn writes , " there may be many times when protesters choose to go to jail , as a way of continuing their protest , as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice . <SEP> why ?
zachęta national gallery of art , the oldest exhibition site in warsaw , with a tradition stretching back to the mid-19th century organises exhibitions of modern art by polish and international artists and promotes art in many other ways . <SEP> what ?
he told washington that france 's claim to the region was superior to that of the british , since rené-robert cavelier , sieur de la salle had explored the ohio country nearly a century earlier . <SEP> why ?
as the first intifada gathered momentum and palestinian shopkeepers closed their shops in support of the uprising , the brotherhood announced the formation of hamas ( " zeal " ) , devoted to jihad against israel . <SEP> what organization ?
if this necessary condition is satisfied , dirichlet 's theorem on arithmetic progressions asserts that the progression contains infinitely many primes . <SEP> which ?
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us . <SEP> what ?
tesla worked every day from 9:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. or later , with dinner from exactly 8:10 p.m. , at delmonico 's restaurant and later the waldorf-astoria hotel . <SEP> what ?
the uk subsequently was the only member state to veto the social charter being included as the " social chapter " of the 1992 maastricht treaty - instead , an agreement on social policy was added as a protocol . <SEP> what title ?
this routine consists of dividing n by each integer m that is greater than 1 and less than or equal to the square root of n. if the result of any of these divisions is an integer , then n is not a prime , otherwise it is a prime . <SEP> 
for many years it was described as " semi-legal " and was the only opposition group in egypt able to field candidates during elections . <SEP> what ?
during the vietnam war , courts typically refused to excuse the perpetrators of illegal protests from punishment on the basis of their challenging the legality of the vietnam war ; the courts ruled it was a political question . <SEP> what us war ?
christian whiton , an official in the george w. bush administration , called for a new agency focused on the nonviolent practice of " political warfare " aimed at undermining the ideology . <SEP> who ?
apollo 8 was the first manned spacecraft to orbit another celestial body , while the final apollo 17 mission marked the sixth moon landing and the ninth manned mission beyond low earth orbit . <SEP> what ?
high and persistent unemployment , in which inequality increases , has a negative effect on subsequent long-run economic growth . <SEP> 
there are conflicting views of genghis khan in the people 's republic of china with some viewing him positively in the inner mongolia region where there are a monument and buildings about him and where there is a considerable number of mongols in the area with a population of around 5 million , almost twice the population of mongolia . <SEP> what ?
in addition to identifying rocks in the field , petrologists identify rock samples in the laboratory . <SEP> where ?
he claimed the italian nationalisation law conflicted with the treaty of rome , and requested a reference be made to both the italian constitutional court and the court of justice under tfeu article 267. the italian constitutional court gave an opinion that because the nationalisation law was from 1962 , and the treaty was in force from 1958 , costa had no claim . <SEP> what ?
many questions regarding prime numbers remain open , such as goldbach 's conjecture ( that every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes ) , and the twin prime conjecture ( that there are infinitely many pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ) . <SEP> what ?
he is also given credit for the introduction of the traditional mongolian script and the creation of the ikh zasag ( great administration ) , the first written mongolian law . <SEP> what ?
the greek physician pedanius dioscorides is famous for writing a five volume book in his native greek περί ύλης ιατρικής in the 1st century ad . <SEP> what ?
in 1817 the maling company , at one time the largest pottery company in the world , moved to the city . <SEP> what ?
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott . <SEP> which hotel ?
professional athletes , especially in american football , also sometimes go off field between plays to wear oxygen masks in order to get a " boost " in performance . <SEP> what ?
newcastlegateshead was voted in 2006 as the arts capital of the uk in a survey conducted by the artsworld tv channel . <SEP> what ?
in 1564 a group of norman huguenots under the leadership of jean ribault established the small colony of fort caroline on the banks of the st. johns river in what is today jacksonville , florida . <SEP> who ?
ten players were selected to the pro bowl ( the most in franchise history ) along with eight all-pro selections . <SEP> how many panthers players ?
oxygen storage methods include high pressure oxygen tanks , cryogenics and chemical compounds . <SEP> what ?
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices . <SEP> 
it is led by an executive committee , chaired by a president with the assistance of two vice presidents , one for administration and the other for student life , elected together as a slate by the student body each spring . <SEP> who ?
governor robert dinwiddie of virginia was an investor in the ohio company , which stood to lose money if the french held their claim . <SEP> 
in all other rows ( a = 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 7 , and 8 ) there are infinitely many prime numbers . <SEP> how many ?
the word pharmacy is derived from its root word pharma which was a term used since the 15th–17th centuries . <SEP> what word ?
the five pillars of islam ) spirituality and spiritual knowledge takes on a more important dimension , with emphasis on learning from living saints - the highest of which is a qutb - and of traditions passed down from initiate to initiate , and traceable back to the founder of the order . <SEP> what ?
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum . <SEP> what ?
during the acute phase of inflammation , particularly as a result of bacterial infection , neutrophils migrate toward the site of inflammation in a process called chemotaxis , and are usually the first cells to arrive at the scene of infection . <SEP> what ?
students still derive a strong sense of security by staying with the same group of peers for all classes . <SEP> in a platoon style teaching , what ?
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> why ?
the climate in newcastle is oceanic ( köppen cfb ) and significantly milder than some other locations in the world at a similar latitude , due to the warming influence of the gulf stream ( via the north atlantic drift ) . <SEP> what kind of influence ?
he found that inequality is associated with higher levels of redistributive taxation , which is associated with lower levels of growth from reductions in private savings and investment . <SEP> what ?
when such oxygen sinks became saturated , free oxygen began to outgas from the oceans 3–2.7 billion years ago , reaching 10 % of its present level around 1.7 billion years ago . <SEP> when ?
olivier roy argues that " sunni pan-islamism underwent a remarkable shift in the second half of the 20th century " when the muslim brotherhood movement and its focus on islamisation of pan-arabism was eclipsed by the salafi movement with its emphasis on " sharia rather than the building of islamic institutions , " and rejection of shia islam . <SEP> what ?
in a collaboration with paul speratus , this and seven other hymns were published in the achtliederbuch , the first lutheran hymnal . <SEP> what ?
in response , king louis xv dispatched six regiments to new france under the command of baron dieskau in 1755. the british , intending to blockade french ports , sent out their fleet in february 1755 , but the french fleet had already sailed . <SEP> how ?
early ties were already visible in the " apologie " of william the silent , condemning the spanish inquisition , which was written by his court minister , the huguenot pierre l'oyseleur , lord of villiers . <SEP> what dutch document ?
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude . <SEP> which basin ?
most of the water flows via the constance hopper into the rheinrinne ( " rhine gutter " ) and seerhein . <SEP> what ?
several more recent studies comparing complete sequenced genomes of ctenophores with other sequenced animal genomes have also supported ctenophores as the sister lineage to all other animals . <SEP> 
doctor who originally ran for 26 seasons on bbc one , from 23 november 1963 until 6 december 1989. during the original run , each weekly episode formed part of a story ( or " serial " ) — usually of four to six parts in earlier years and three to four in later years . <SEP> when ?
the strong force only acts directly upon elementary particles . <SEP> what ?
his national islamic front first gained influence when strongman general gaafar al-nimeiry invited members to serve in his government in 1979. turabi built a powerful economic base with money from foreign islamist banking systems , especially those linked with saudi arabia . <SEP> how ?
the normans ( norman : nourmands ; french : normands ; latin : normanni ) were the people who in the 10th and 11th centuries gave their name to normandy , a region in france . <SEP> when ?
the affected region was approximate 1,160,000 square miles ( 3,000,000 km2 ) of rainforest , compared to 734,000 square miles ( 1,900,000 km2 ) in 2005. the 2010 drought had three epicenters where vegetation died off , whereas in 2005 the drought was focused on the southwestern part . <SEP> how many ?
articles 106 and 107 provide that member state 's right to deliver public services may not be obstructed , but that otherwise public enterprises must adhere to the same competition principles as companies . <SEP> which articles ?
in 1914 developers billings & meyering acquired the tract , completed street development , provided the last of the necessary municipal improvements including water service , and began marketing the property with fervor . <SEP> in what year ?
gas turbines , for instance , have turbine entry temperatures approaching 1500 °c . <SEP> what ?
the people of these climates were believed to be in need of guidance and intervention from the european empire to aid in the governing of a more evolved social structure ; they were seen as incapable of such a feat . <SEP> what ?
in early 1954 , genghis khan 's bier and relics were returned to the lord 's enclosure in mongolia . <SEP> when ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> what halftime performer ?
the harvard business school and many of the university 's athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located on a 358-acre ( 145 ha ) campus opposite the cambridge campus in allston . <SEP> where ?
in the 1530s and 1540s , printed images of luther that emphasized his monumental size were crucial to the spread of protestantism . <SEP> when ?
oxygen gas ( o 2 ) can be toxic at elevated partial pressures , leading to convulsions and other health problems . <SEP> when ?
the time and memory consumption of these alternate models may vary . <SEP> what two resources ?
conversely , in geven v land nordrhein-westfalen the court of justice held that a dutch woman living in the netherlands , but working between 3 and 14 hours a week in germany , did not have a right to receive german child benefits , even though the wife of a man who worked full-time in germany but was resident in austria could . <SEP> how many hours ?
henry ware was elected to the chair in 1805 , and the liberal samuel webber was appointed to the presidency of harvard two years later , which signaled the changing of the tide from the dominance of traditional ideas at harvard to the dominance of liberal , arminian ideas ( defined by traditionalists as unitarian ideas ) . <SEP> in what year ?
in the united states especially , several high-profile cases such as debra lafave , pamela rogers , and mary kay letourneau have caused increased scrutiny on teacher misconduct . <SEP> where ?
a house that provides less utility to a millionaire as a summer home than it would to a homeless family of five , is an example of reduced " distributive efficiency " within society , that decreases marginal utility of wealth and thus the sum total of personal utility . <SEP> that ?
the success of roots , happy days and the love boat allowed the network to take first place in the ratings for the first time in the 1976–77 season . <SEP> during which season ?
arpanet and sita hln became operational in 1969. before the introduction of x.25 in 1973 , about twenty different network technologies had been developed . <SEP> when ?
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half . <SEP> who ?
a pharmacy technician in the uk is considered a health care professional and often does not work under the direct supervision of a pharmacist ( if employed in a hospital pharmacy ) but instead is supervised and managed by other senior pharmacy technicians . <SEP> who ?
many types of turing machines are used to define complexity classes , such as deterministic turing machines , probabilistic turing machines , non-deterministic turing machines , quantum turing machines , symmetric turing machines and alternating turing machines . <SEP> 
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic . <SEP> what country ?
stagecoach is the primary operator in the city proper , with cross-city services mainly between both the west and east ends via the city centre with some services extending out to the metrocentre , killingworth , wallsend and ponteland . <SEP> who ?
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman . <SEP> who ?
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl . <SEP> which team in super bowl 50 ?
the bulk of huguenot émigrés relocated to protestant european nations such as england , wales , scotland , denmark , sweden , switzerland , the dutch republic , the electorate of brandenburg and electorate of the palatinate in the holy roman empire , the duchy of prussia , the channel islands , and ireland . <SEP> what two member nations of the holy roman empire ?
steam engines can be said to have been the moving force behind the industrial revolution and saw widespread commercial use driving machinery in factories , mills and mines ; powering pumping stations ; and propelling transport appliances such as railway locomotives , ships , steamboats and road vehicles . <SEP> what ?
close to newcastle , the largest indoor shopping centre in europe , the metrocentre , is located in gateshead . <SEP> where ?
existing staff will be vetted on a phased basis . <SEP> how ?
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region . <SEP> what ?
within two months of the launch , bskyb gained 400,000 new subscribers , with the majority taking at least one premium channel as well , which helped bskyb reach 3.5 million households by mid-1994 . <SEP> how many households ?
in addition , there are $ 2 million worth of other ancillary events , including a week-long event at the santa clara convention center , a beer , wine and food festival at bellomy field at santa clara university , and a pep rally . <SEP> where ?
all fats , fatty acids , amino acids , and proteins contain oxygen ( due to the presence of carbonyl groups in these acids and their ester residues ) . <SEP> what ?
thoreau admits that government may express the will of the majority but it may also express nothing more than the will of elite politicians . <SEP> what ?
the french wars of religion in the 16th century and french revolution in the 18th successively destroyed much of what existed in the way of the architectural and artistic remnant of this norman creativity . <SEP> when ?
fox paid for deadpool , x-men : apocalypse , independence day : resurgence and eddie the eagle , lionsgate paid for gods of egypt , paramount paid for teenage mutant ninja turtles : out of the shadows and 10 cloverfield lane , universal paid for the secret life of pets and the debut trailer for jason bourne and disney paid for captain america : civil war , the jungle book and alice through the looking glass . <SEP> what film ?
as a result , abc and disney 's first television collaboration ended in 1961 ( the network would resume its relationship with disney in 1985 , when the anthology series returned to the network for a three-season run as the disney sunday movie until it lost the rights to nbc again in 1988 ; the disney anthology series would return to abc in 1996 , following the company 's purchase of the future capital cities/abc , as the wonderful world of disney ) . <SEP> in what year ?
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game . <SEP> what body part ?
the steam engine contributed much to the development of thermodynamic theory ; however , the only applications of scientific theory that influenced the steam engine were the original concepts of harnessing the power of steam and atmospheric pressure and knowledge of properties of heat and steam . <SEP> what ?
his father was shi bingzhi ( 史秉直 , shih ping-chih ) . <SEP> who ?
teaching certification generally lasts three years , but teachers can receive certificates that last as long as ten years . <SEP> what ?
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area . <SEP> what ?
today , the tower district is also known as the center of fresno 's lgbt and hipster communities . <SEP> which fresno district ?
budget cuts forced the cancellation of three of these . <SEP> what ?
they may exist to increase the chloroplast 's surface area for cross-membrane transport , because they are often branched and tangled with the endoplasmic reticulum . <SEP> why ?
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . " <SEP> what church money collector ?
doctor who has always appeared initially on the bbc 's mainstream bbc one channel , where it is regarded as a family show , drawing audiences of many millions of viewers ; episodes are now repeated on bbc three . <SEP> where ?
the force , therefore , is related directly to the difference in potential energy between two different locations in space , and can be considered to be an artifact of the potential field in the same way that the direction and amount of a flow of water can be considered to be an artifact of the contour map of the elevation of an area . <SEP> what ?
from among warsaw 's 60 museums , the most prestigious ones are national museum with a collection of works whose origin ranges in time from antiquity till the present epoch as well as one of the best collections of paintings in the country including some paintings from adolf hitler 's private collection , and museum of the polish army whose set portrays the history of arms . <SEP> how many museums ?
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl . <SEP> which tv network ?
tesla 's theories on the possibility of the transmission by radio waves go back as far as lectures and demonstrations in 1893 in st. louis , missouri , the franklin institute in philadelphia , pennsylvania , and the national electric light association . <SEP> what association ?
several microplates were caught in the squeeze and rotated or were pushed laterally , generating the individual features of mediterranean geography : iberia pushed up the pyrenees ; italy , the alps , and anatolia , moving west , the mountains of greece and the islands . <SEP> what ?
connection-oriented transmission requires a setup phase in each involved node before any packet is transferred to establish the parameters of communication . <SEP> what ?
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> what ?
robert young writes that while imperialism operates from the center , is a state policy and is developed for ideological as well as financial reasons , colonialism is simply the development for settlement or commercial intentions . <SEP> 
rashid al-din reports that the great khan sent for his sons in the spring of 1223 , and while his brothers heeded the order , jochi remained in khorasan . <SEP> where ?
a formal design team may be assembled to plan the physical proceedings , and to integrate those proceedings with the other parts . <SEP> 
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school . <SEP> what secret ?
other shopping destinations in newcastle include grainger street and the area around grey 's monument , the relatively modern eldon garden and monument mall complexes , the newgate centre , central arcade and the traditional grainger market . <SEP> what type of destination ?
in the philippines , the private sector has been a major provider of educational services , accounting for about 7.5 % of primary enrollment , 32 % of secondary enrollment and about 80 % of tertiary enrollment . <SEP> what percentage of filipino primary school students ?
in 1996 , the bbc applied for a trade mark to use the tardis ' blue police box design in merchandising associated with doctor who . <SEP> what ?
the charter creating the harvard corporation was granted in 1650 . <SEP> in what year ?
various mongol tribes were shamanist , buddhist or christian . <SEP> what ?
refined hindu and buddhist sculptures reflect the influence of india ; items on show include betel-nut cutters , ivory combs and bronze palanquin hooks . <SEP> of what material ?
plague was reportedly first introduced to europe via genoese traders at the port city of kaffa in the crimea in 1347. after a protracted siege , during which the mongol army under jani beg was suffering from the disease , the army catapulted the infected corpses over the city walls of kaffa to infect the inhabitants . <SEP> who ?
the definition of imperialism has not been finalized for centuries and was confusedly seen to represent the policies of major powers , or simply , general-purpose aggressiveness . <SEP> 
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system . <SEP> what ?
similarly , algorithms can solve the np-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes in less than quadratic time and sat solvers routinely handle large instances of the np-complete boolean satisfiability problem . <SEP> what ?
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " . <SEP> which super bowl ?
they also claim that in these schools the preservation of public order is easier and more efficient than anywhere else . <SEP> what ?
the city grew as an important centre for the wool trade in the 14th century , and later became a major coal mining area . <SEP> what resource ?
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness . <SEP> how ?
european union law is a body of treaties and legislation , such as regulations and directives , which have direct effect or indirect effect on the laws of european union member states . <SEP> what ?
" :64 instead , edison offered a us $ 10 a week raise over tesla 's us $ 18 per week salary ; tesla refused the offer and immediately resigned . <SEP> what alternate payment ?
following the election of the uk labour party to government in 1997 , the uk formally subscribed to the agreement on social policy , which allowed it to be included with minor amendments as the social chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam . <SEP> what lead to the uk ?
pharmacy technicians are now more dependent upon automation to assist them in their new role dealing with patients ' prescriptions and patient safety issues . <SEP> what ?
the 2011–12 season saw abc drop to fourth place in the 18–49 demographic despite renewing a handful of new shows ( including freshmen dramas scandal , revenge and once upon a time ) for second seasons . <SEP> 
developer william smilie created the nation 's first planned aviation community . <SEP> who ?
gandhi 's satyagraha was partially influenced and inspired by shelley 's nonviolence in protest and political action . <SEP> what ?
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated . <SEP> 
other green spaces in the city include the botanic garden and the university library garden . <SEP> what type of space in warsaw ?
in china , the polymath shen kuo ( 1031–1095 ) formulated a hypothesis for the process of land formation : based on his observation of fossil animal shells in a geological stratum in a mountain hundreds of miles from the ocean , he inferred that the land was formed by erosion of the mountains and by deposition of silt . <SEP> what ?
co-teaching is defined as two or more teachers working harmoniously to fulfill the needs of every student in the classroom . <SEP> how ?
they set up a laboratory for tesla at 89 liberty street in manhattan where he worked on improving and developing new types of electric motors , generators and other devices . <SEP> where ?
retaliating against the french catholics , the huguenots had their own militia . <SEP> how ?
sir muhammad iqbal was elected president of the muslim league in 1930 at its session in allahabad as well as for the session in lahore in 1932. in his allahabad address on 29 december 1930 , iqbal outlined a vision of an independent state for muslim-majority provinces in northwestern india . <SEP> when ?
this combination of structures enables lobates to feed continuously on suspended planktonic prey . <SEP> what ?
since 1974 , abc has generally aired dick clark 's new year 's rockin ' eve on new year 's eve ( hosted first by its creator dick clark , and later by his successor ryan seacrest ) ; the only exception was in 1999 , when abc put it on a one-year hiatus to provide coverage of the international millennium festivities , though clark 's traditional countdown from times square was still featured within the coverage . <SEP> who ?
although kenya is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region , manufacturing still accounts for only 14 % of the gdp . <SEP> how much of gdp ?
when the interstate highway system was created in the 1950s , the decision was made to build what is now interstate 5 on the west side of the central valley , and thus bypass many of the population centers in the region , instead of upgrading what is now state route 99. due to rapidly raising population and traffic in cities along sr 99 , as well as the desirability of federal funding , much discussion has been made to upgrade it to interstate standards and eventually incorporate it into the interstate system , most likely as interstate 9. major improvements to signage , lane width , median separation , vertical clearance , and other concerns are currently underway . <SEP> in what year ?
still , abc 's limited reach would continue to hobble it for the next two decades ; several smaller markets would not grow large enough to support a full-time abc affiliate until the 1960s , with some very small markets having to wait as late as the 1980s or even the advent of digital television in the 2000s , which allowed stations like wtrf-tv in wheeling , west virginia to begin airing abc programming on a digital subchannel after airing the network 's programs outside of recommended timeslots decades before . <SEP> 
even priesthood representatives are expected to defer to the father of the house when in his home . <SEP> who ?
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> what ?
by 1979 , virtually all " full-size " american cars had shrunk , featuring smaller engines and smaller outside dimensions . <SEP> by which year ?
the rhine is the longest river in germany . <SEP> where ?
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network . <SEP> what ?
when an activated t cell contacts such cells , it releases cytotoxins , such as perforin , which form pores in the target cell 's plasma membrane , allowing ions , water and toxins to enter . <SEP> when ?
life expectancy in sweden ( 80 years ) and japan ( 82 ) – where income was more equally distributed – was longer . <SEP> how ?
between may and september 2005 , rumors circulated that disney–abc was considering a sale of abc radio , with clear channel communications and westwood one ( which had earlier purchased nbc 's radio division , as well as the distribution rights to cbs 's , and the mutual broadcasting system during the 1990s ) as potential buyers . <SEP> what entity ?
the annual status of education report ( aser ) , which evaluates learning levels in rural india , has been reporting poorer academic achievement in government schools than in private schools . <SEP> what ?
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many 2015 season interceptions ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> who ?
for instance , in commission v france french farmer vigilantes were continually sabotaging shipments of spanish strawberries , and even belgian tomato imports . <SEP> in which case ?
students are likely to build stronger relations with teachers who are friendly and supportive and will show more interest in courses taught by these teachers . <SEP> by what type of teachers ?
the crew of apollo 8 sent the first live televised pictures of the earth and the moon back to earth , and read from the creation story in the book of genesis , on christmas eve , 1968. an estimated one-quarter of the population of the world saw—either live or delayed—the christmas eve transmission during the ninth orbit of the moon . <SEP> what crew ?
according to russian census of 1897 , out of the total population of 638,000 , jews constituted 219,000 ( around 34 % percent ) . <SEP> what percentage of the population of warsaw ?
the broncos ' seven sacks tied a super bowl record set by the chicago bears in super bowl xx . <SEP> what team ?
there are several museums and galleries in newcastle , including the centre for life with its science village ; the discovery museum a museum highlighting life on tyneside , including tyneside 's shipbuilding heritage , and inventions which changed the world ; the great north museum ; in 2009 the newcastle on tyne museum of antiquities merged with the great north museum ( hancock museum ) ; seven stories a museum dedicated to children 's books , the side gallery historical and contemporary photography from around the world and northern england and the newburn hall motor museum . <SEP> what type of heritage ?
it is home to 60 % of australia 's 3 million dairy cattle and produces nearly two-thirds of the nation 's milk , almost 6.4 billion litres . <SEP> how many dairy cows ?
costume sketches , design notebooks , and other works on paper are typically held by the word and image department . <SEP> which department ?
a pair of carries by c. j. anderson moved the ball up 20 yards to the panthers 14-yard line , but carolina 's defense dug in over the next three plays . <SEP> which denver player ?
aken , adopted by mexican movie actress lupe mayorga , grew up in the neighboring town of madera and his song chronicled the hardships faced by the migrant farm workers he saw as a child . <SEP> in what town ?
when kennedy 's newly appointed nasa administrator james e. webb requested a 30 percent budget increase for his agency , kennedy supported an acceleration of nasa 's large booster program but deferred a decision on the broader issue . <SEP> who ?
this has the end result of atp energy being wasted and co2 being released , all with no sugar being produced . <SEP> what ?
at the start of the war , no french regular army troops were stationed in north america , and few british troops . <SEP> how much ?
marin constructed a second fort at fort le boeuf ( present-day waterford , pennsylvania ) , designed to guard the headwaters of leboeuf creek . <SEP> where ?
one defendant accused of illegally protesting nuclear power , when asked to enter his plea , stated , " i plead for the beauty that surrounds us " ; this is known as a " creative plea , " and will usually be interpreted as a plea of not guilty . <SEP> what third type of plea ?
he stated that he observed stationary waves during this time . <SEP> what sort of waves ?
oxygen is the most abundant element by mass in the earth 's crust as part of oxide compounds such as silicon dioxide , making up almost half of the crust 's mass . <SEP> how much ?
the same report found that 3 % of the surveyed audience regarded the show as " very unsuitable " for family viewing . <SEP> how many of the survey respondents ?
in the past , architects , interior designers , engineers , developers , construction managers , and general contractors were more likely to be entirely separate companies , even in the larger firms . <SEP> 
during periods of lower global temperatures , snow and rain from that evaporated water tends to be higher in oxygen-16 , and the seawater left behind tends to be higher in oxygen-18 . <SEP> during what type of climate ?
the wedding was held on 12 may 1191 at the chapel of st. george and it was attended by richard 's sister joan , whom he had brought from sicily . <SEP> what ?
in 1881 , tesla moved to budapest to work under ferenc puskás at a telegraph company , the budapest telephone exchange . <SEP> what ?
the election held in 1988 saw the advent of the mlolongo ( queuing ) system , where voters were supposed to line up behind their favoured candidates instead of a secret ballot . <SEP> what ?
an unsuccessful naval expedition was undertaken against japan in 1274. kublai captured the song capital of hangzhou in 1276 , the wealthiest city of china . <SEP> what ?
many of the series featured during the run of the block were produced by miller-boyett productions , a warner bros.-based studio that briefly programmed the entire friday lineup during the 1990–91 season ( with going places joining family matters , full house and perfect strangers on the " tgif " schedule ) and through its development deal with paramount television prior to 1986 ( as miller-milkis , and later , miller-milkis-boyett productions ) , had earlier produced happy days and its various spinoffs among other series for the network . <SEP> most of the productions in the tgif lineup ?
he received his master 's degree in 1505 . <SEP> in what year ?
many centuries later leonardo da vinci built on philo 's work by observing that a portion of air is consumed during combustion and respiration . <SEP> of what ?
in 1976 , bankamericard was renamed and spun off into a separate company known today as visa inc . <SEP> what present-day company ?
pax mongolica , mongol peace , enabled the spread of technologies , commodities , and culture between china and the west . <SEP> what ?
in 1862 , the tesla family moved to gospić , austrian empire , where tesla 's father worked as a pastor . <SEP> where ?
state route 168 , the sierra freeway , heads east to the city of clovis and huntington lake . <SEP> what ?
during that year , tesla taught a large class of students in his old school , higher real gymnasium , in gospić . <SEP> what ?
on 31 march 2012 , sky announced the total number of homes with sky+hd was 4,222,000 . <SEP> what ?
armstrong and aldrin performed the first landing at the sea of tranquility at 20:17:40 utc on july 20 , 1969. they spent a total of 21 hours , 36 minutes on the surface , and spent 2 hours , 31 minutes outside the spacecraft , walking on the surface , taking photographs , collecting material samples , and deploying automated scientific instruments , while continuously sending black-and-white television back to earth . <SEP> what ?
friedrich ratzel believed that in order for a state to survive , imperialism was needed . <SEP> what ?
the fully informed jury association 's publication " a primer for prospective jurors " notes , " think of the dilemma faced by german citizens when hitler 's secret police demanded to know if they were hiding a jew in their house . " <SEP> what dilemma ?
starting in 1934 , the westinghouse electric & manufacturing company began paying tesla $ 125 per month as well as paying his rent at the hotel new yorker , expenses the company would pay for the rest of tesla 's life . <SEP> for how long ?
the amazon represents over half of the planet 's remaining rainforests , and comprises the largest and most biodiverse tract of tropical rainforest in the world , with an estimated 390 billion individual trees divided into 16,000 species . <SEP> 
on 17 april 1879 , milutin tesla died at the age of 60 after contracting an unspecified illness ( although some sources say that he died of a stroke ) . <SEP> 
among kublai khan 's top engineers and scientists was the astronomer guo shoujing , who was tasked with many public works projects and helped the yuan reform the lunisolar calendar to provide an accuracy of 365.2425 days of the year , which was only 26 seconds off the modern gregorian calendar 's measurement . <SEP> what astronomer ?
tanaghrisson , a chief of the mingo , who were remnants of iroquois and other tribes who had been driven west by colonial expansion . <SEP> what native chief ?
references to doctor who have also appeared in the young adult fantasy novels brisingr and high wizardry , the video game rock band , the soap opera eastenders , the adult swim comedy show robot chicken , the family guy episodes " blue harvest " and " 420 " , and the game runescape . <SEP> which ?
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters . <SEP> who ?
carotenoids in photosynthetic organisms ( and possibly also in animals ) play a major role in absorbing energy from singlet oxygen and converting it to the unexcited ground state before it can cause harm to tissues . <SEP> what objects in organisms ?
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system . <SEP> in what year ?
defensive ends derek wolfe and malik jackson each had 5½ sacks . <SEP> how many sacks ?
one of the most prominent huguenot refugees in the netherlands was pierre bayle . <SEP> who ?
[ citation needed ] in 1705 , amsterdam and the area of west frisia were the first areas to provide full citizens rights to huguenot immigrants , followed by the dutch republic in 1715. huguenots intermarried with dutch from the outset . <SEP> what two areas in the republic ?
in late 1958 , desilu productions pitched its detective series the untouchables to cbs ; after that network rejected the show because of its use of violence , desilu then presented it to abc , which agreed to pick up the show , and debuted the untouchables in april 1959. the series went on to quickly become " immensely popular " . <SEP> why ?
the deal brought kibaki 's pnu and odinga 's odm together and heralded the formation of the grand coalition , in which the two political parties would share power equally . <SEP> what ?
it was opened in five phases between 1980 and 1984 , and was britain 's first urban light rail transit system ; two extensions were opened in 1991 and 2002. it was developed from a combination of existing and newly built tracks and stations , with deep-level tunnels constructed through newcastle city centre . <SEP> what type of tunnels ?
at standard temperature and pressure , two atoms of the element bind to form dioxygen , a colorless and odorless diatomic gas with the formula o 2. diatomic oxygen gas constitutes 20.8 % of the earth 's atmosphere . <SEP> which gas ?
the last was owned by electronics manufacturer radio corporation of america ( rca ) , which owned two radio networks that each ran different varieties of programming , nbc blue and nbc red . <SEP> what two radio networks ?
the aim of the law was to prevent cut throat competition , not to hinder trade . <SEP> 
in 1929 , the university 's fifth president , robert maynard hutchins , took office ; the university underwent many changes during his 24-year tenure . <SEP> who ?
he was a believer in the 19th century concept of an all pervasive " ether " that transmitted electrical energy . <SEP> what ?
his room had been entered and his papers had been scrutinized , but the thieves , or spies , left empty-handed . <SEP> what ?
some civil disobedience defendants choose to make a defiant speech , or a speech explaining their actions , in allocution . <SEP> what way ?
the success of any pathogen depends on its ability to elude host immune responses . <SEP> 
another cause is the rate at which income is taxed coupled with the progressivity of the tax system . <SEP> what system ?
with great britain having claimed the entire australian continent east of the 135th meridian east in 1788 , victoria was included in the wider colony of new south wales . <SEP> where ?
none succeeded and the main effort by braddock was a disaster ; he was defeated in the battle of the monongahela on july 9 , 1755 and died a few days later . <SEP> how successful ?
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution . <SEP> what ?
the soulages collection of italian and french renaissance objects was acquired between 1859 and 1865 , and includes several cassone . <SEP> from which period ?
luther is honoured on 18 february with a commemoration in the lutheran calendar of saints and in the episcopal ( united states ) calendar of saints . <SEP> how ?
the megaregion 's area is more expansive , extending east into las vegas , nevada , and south across the mexican border into tijuana . <SEP> what ?
from the death of augustus in ad 14 until after ad 70 , rome accepted as her germanic frontier the water-boundary of the rhine and upper danube . <SEP> what other river ?
polish civilian deaths are estimated at between 150,000 and 200,000 . <SEP> what ?
he tried to put these ideas to practical use in an ill-fated attempt at intercontinental wireless transmission , his unfinished wardenclyffe tower project . <SEP> where ?
15,000 images were taken during the first year of the factory project , including drawings , watercolors , computer-generated art , photographs , posters , and woodcuts . <SEP> approximately how many images ?
the remaining $ 500 million was loaned by warren buffett , who promised that his company berkshire hathaway would purchase $ 3 million in shares , at $ 172.50 apiece . <SEP> 
major events also play a big part in tourism in victoria , particularly cultural tourism and sports tourism . <SEP> what other tourist attraction ?
it is larger than london 's famous hyde park and hampstead heath put together and the freemen of the city have the right to graze cattle on it . <SEP> what an the freeman of newcastle ?
greater diversity in chloroplast shapes exists among the algae , which often contain a single chloroplast that can be shaped like a net ( e.g. , oedogonium ) , a cup ( e.g. , chlamydomonas ) , a ribbon-like spiral around the edges of the cell ( e.g. , spirogyra ) , or slightly twisted bands at the cell edges ( e.g. , sirogonium ) . <SEP> what shape ?
the social charter became the basis for european community legislation on these issues in 40 pieces of legislation . <SEP> how many pieces of legislation ?
they expressed regret for " the poor application of well-established ipcc procedures in this instance " . <SEP> what ?
for eight days in lent , beginning on invocavit sunday , 9 march , luther preached eight sermons , which became known as the " invocavit sermons " . <SEP> what ?
there are about thirty photosynthetic carotenoids . <SEP> how many photosynthetic carotenoids ?
in addition , in terms of function , the inner chloroplast membrane , which regulates metabolite passage and synthesizes some materials , has no counterpart in the mitochondrion . <SEP> what part of chloroplasts ?
the secondary level includes schools offering years 7 through 12 ( year twelve is known as lower sixth ) and year 13 ( upper sixth ) . <SEP> what ?
between about ad 14 and 180 , the assignment of legions was as follows : for the army of germania inferior , two legions at vetera ( xanten ) , i germanica and xx valeria ( pannonian troops ) ; two legions at oppidum ubiorum ( " town of the ubii " ) , which was renamed to colonia agrippina , descending to cologne , v alaudae , a celtic legion recruited from gallia narbonensis and xxi , possibly a galatian legion from the other side of the empire . <SEP> what ?
the arthur m. sackler museum includes collections of ancient , asian , islamic and later indian art , the busch-reisinger museum , formerly the germanic museum , covers central and northern european art , and the fogg museum of art , covers western art from the middle ages to the present emphasizing italian early renaissance , british pre-raphaelite , and 19th-century french art . <SEP> what ?
the main use for steam turbines is in electricity generation ( in the 1990s about 90 % of the world 's electric production was by use of steam turbines ) however the recent widespread application of large gas turbine units and typical combined cycle power plants has resulted in reduction of this percentage to the 80 % regime for steam turbines . <SEP> what percentage of electricity ?
the normans had a profound effect on irish culture and history after their invasion at bannow bay in 1169. initially the normans maintained a distinct culture and ethnicity . <SEP> in what year ?
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier . <SEP> 
when céloron 's expedition arrived at logstown , the native americans in the area informed céloron that they owned the ohio country and that they would trade with the british regardless of the french . <SEP> how ?
another consequence of fermat 's little theorem is the following : if p is a prime number other than 2 and 5 , 1/p is always a recurring decimal , whose period is p − 1 or a divisor of p − 1. the fraction 1/p expressed likewise in base q ( rather than base 10 ) has similar effect , provided that p is not a prime factor of q. wilson 's theorem says that an integer p > 1 is prime if and only if the factorial ( p − 1 ) ! <SEP> what condition ?
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise . <SEP> what ?
in typical geological investigations , geologists use primary information related to petrology ( the study of rocks ) , stratigraphy ( the study of sedimentary layers ) , and structural geology ( the study of positions of rock units and their deformation ) . <SEP> what ?
algiers lost 30 to 50 thousand inhabitants to it in 1620–21 , and again in 1654–57 , 1665 , 1691 , and 1740–42 . <SEP> how many people ?
most of these events are centred on melbourne , but others occur in regional cities , such as the v8 supercars and australian motorcycle grand prix at phillip island , the grand annual steeplechase at warrnambool and the australian international airshow at geelong and numerous local festivals such as the popular port fairy folk festival , queenscliff music festival , bells beach surfclassic and the bright autumn festival . <SEP> what event ?
secondary sources include regulations and directives which are based on the treaties . <SEP> what ?
for instance , if the head of government of a country were to refuse to enforce a decision of that country 's highest court , it would not be civil disobedience , since the head of government would be acting in her or his capacity as public official rather than private citizen . <SEP> what type of person ?
the basic unit of territorial division in poland is a commune ( gmina ) . <SEP> what ?
arcs of volcanoes and earthquakes were explained as convergent boundaries , where one plate subducts under another . <SEP> what ?
in its harshest form it preached that muslims should not only " always oppose " infidels " in every way , " but " hate them for their religion ... for allah 's sake , " that democracy " is responsible for all the horrible wars of the 20th century , " that shia and other non-wahhabi muslims were infidels , etc . <SEP> 
the first buildings of the university of chicago campus , which make up what is now known as the main quadrangles , were part of a " master plan " conceived by two university of chicago trustees and plotted by chicago architect henry ives cobb . <SEP> what ?
harvard college ended its early admissions program in 2007 as the program was believed to disadvantage low-income and under-represented minority applicants applying to selective universities , yet for the class of 2016 an early action program was reintroduced . <SEP> why ?
luther 's 1538 hymnic version of the lord 's prayer , " vater unser im himmelreich " , corresponds exactly to luther 's explanation of the prayer in the small catechism , with one stanza for each of the seven prayer petitions , plus opening and closing stanzas . <SEP> where ?
the wabc call letters were previously used by the flagship station of cbs radio ( now wcbs ( am ) ) until 1946. the wjz calls would later be reassigned to the then-abc affiliate in baltimore in 1959 , in an historical nod to the fact that wjz was originally established by the baltimore station 's owner at the time , westinghouse . <SEP> in what city in 1959 ?
neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor , capital and land . <SEP> what philosophy ?
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates . <SEP> what university alumni member ?
for its part , the television network produced a few new hits during 1977 : january saw the premiere of roots , a miniseries based on an alex haley novel that was published the previous year ; in september , the love boat , a comedy-drama anthology series produced by aaron spelling which was based around the crew of a cruise ship and featured three stories centered partly on the ship 's various passengers ; although critically lambasted , the series turned out to be a ratings success and lasted nine seasons . <SEP> who ?
despite a significant increase in viewership ( with its audience share having increased to 33 % from the 15 % share it had in 1953 ) , abc remained in third place ; the company had a total revenue of $ 15.5 million , a third of the revenue pulled in by cbs at the same period . <SEP> what ?
much of southern california is famous for its large , spread-out , suburban communities and use of automobiles and highways . <SEP> what else ?
jean cauvin ( john calvin ) , another student at the university of paris , also converted to protestantism . <SEP> what other european protestant leader ?
to avoid confusing or upsetting the people , luther avoided extreme change . <SEP> what ?
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776. britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820. by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world . <SEP> what policy ?
an example would be wbai 's broadcasting the track " filthy words " from a george carlin comedy album , which eventually led to the 1978 supreme court case of fcc v. pacifica foundation . <SEP> what ?
for this , eck branded luther a new jan hus , referring to the czech reformer and heretic burned at the stake in 1415. from that moment , he devoted himself to luther 's defeat . <SEP> what ?
the bubonic plague mechanism was also dependent on two populations of rodents : one resistant to the disease , which act as hosts , keeping the disease endemic , and a second that lack resistance . <SEP> what ?
following the treaty , king george iii issued the royal proclamation of 1763 on october 7 , 1763 , which outlined the division and administration of the newly conquered territory , and to some extent continues to govern relations between the government of modern canada and the first nations . <SEP> who ?
a site was chosen in houston , texas , on land donated by rice university , and administrator webb announced the conversion on september 19 , 1961. it was also clear nasa would soon outgrow its practice of controlling missions from its cape canaveral air force station launch facilities in florida , so a new mission control center would be included in the msc . <SEP> in what state ?
it was later called the " first oil shock " , followed by the 1979 oil crisis , termed the " second oil shock . " <SEP> when ?
however , alternative approaches for primary education do exist . <SEP> what type of approaches for primary school ?
in the brain of morbius ( 1976 ) , it was hinted that the first doctor may not have been the first incarnation ( although the other faces depicted may have been incarnations of the time lord morbius ) . <SEP> in what episode ?
the broncos took an early lead in super bowl 50 and never trailed . <SEP> which team ?
he encourages a distinction between lawful protest demonstration , nonviolent civil disobedience , and violent civil disobedience . <SEP> what type of civil disobedience ?
a non-deterministic turing machine is a deterministic turing machine with an added feature of non-determinism , which allows a turing machine to have multiple possible future actions from a given state . <SEP> what type of turing machine ?
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley . <SEP> which ?
the publication of a taoist text inscribed with the name of töregene khatun , ögedei 's wife , is one of the first printed works sponsored by the mongols . <SEP> who ?
for example , consider the deterministic sorting algorithm quicksort . <SEP> what ?
it has been claimed that the transmission of the first episode was delayed by ten minutes due to extended news coverage of the assassination of us president john f. kennedy the previous day ; whereas in fact it went out after a delay of eighty seconds . <SEP> what major event u.s. ?
this means that the unbalanced centripetal force felt by any object is always directed toward the center of the curving path . <SEP> where ?
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts . <SEP> how many touchdowns ?
eat ! <SEP> what ?
in principle , this means that any significant new evidence or events that change our understanding of climate science between this deadline and publication of an ipcc report can not be included . <SEP> who ?
other complexity measures are also used , such as the amount of communication ( used in communication complexity ) , the number of gates in a circuit ( used in circuit complexity ) and the number of processors ( used in parallel computing ) . <SEP> what unit ?
otherwise , the physician has a financial self-interest in " diagnosing " as many conditions as possible , and in exaggerating their seriousness , because he or she can then sell more medications to the patient . <SEP> why ?
another standard tactic of the mongol military was the commonly practiced feigned retreat to break enemy formations and to lure small enemy groups away from the larger group and defended position for ambush and counterattack . <SEP> how ?
in 2007 , bskyb and virgin media became involved in a dispute over the carriage of sky channels on cable tv . <SEP> what year ?
some broadcasts are free-to-air and unencrypted , some are encrypted but do not require a monthly subscription ( known as free-to-view ) , some are encrypted and require a monthly subscription , and some are pay-per-view services . <SEP> what ?
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many points ?
otherwise , the physician has a financial self-interest in " diagnosing " as many conditions as possible , and in exaggerating their seriousness , because he or she can then sell more medications to the patient . <SEP> how else ?
the historian frederick w. mote wrote that the usage of the term " social classes " for this system was misleading and that the position of people within the four-class system was not an indication of their actual social power and wealth , but just entailed " degrees of privilege " to which they were entitled institutionally and legally , so a person 's standing within the classes was not a guarantee of their standing , since there were rich and well socially standing chinese while there were less rich mongol and semu than there were mongol and semu who lived in poverty and were ill treated . <SEP> who ?
this " decision time " is heralded by the sounding of the division bell , which is heard throughout the parliamentary campus and alerts msps who are not in the chamber to return and vote . <SEP> what ?
it is a common misconception to ascribe the stiffness and rigidity of solid matter to the repulsion of like charges under the influence of the electromagnetic force . <SEP> what ?
it became clear that managing the apollo program would exceed the capabilities of robert r. gilruth 's space task group , which had been directing the nation 's manned space program from nasa 's langley research center . <SEP> who ?
neutrophils and macrophages are phagocytes that travel throughout the body in pursuit of invading pathogens . <SEP> what ?
the museum 's collections of south and south-east asian art are the most comprehensive and important in the west comprising nearly 60,000 objects , including about 10,000 textiles and 6000 paintings , the range of the collection is immense . <SEP> approximately how many textiles ?
luther came to reject several teachings and practices of the late medieval catholic church . <SEP> what organization 's teaching ?
members of the police and the armed forces are disqualified from sitting in the scottish parliament as elected msps , and similarly , civil servants and members of foreign legislatures are disqualified . <SEP> which ?
in a report , published in early february 2007 by the ear institute at the university college london , and widex , a danish hearing aid manufacturer , newcastle was named as the noisiest city in the whole of the uk , with an average level of 80.4 decibels . <SEP> what ?
government regulations have given private education more flexibility and autonomy in recent years , notably by lifting the moratorium on applications for new courses , new schools and conversions , by liberalizing tuition fee policy for private schools , by replacing values education for third and fourth years with english , mathematics and natural science at the option of the school , and by issuing the revised manual of regulations for private schools in august 1992 . <SEP> along with english and mathematics , what subject ?
he started teaching in rotterdam , where he finished writing and publishing his multi-volume masterpiece , historical and critical dictionary . <SEP> what books ?
in the 1330s a large number of natural disasters and plagues led to widespread famine , starting in 1331 , with a deadly plague arriving soon after . <SEP> when ?
the earth 's crustal rock is composed in large part of oxides of silicon ( silica sio 2 , as found in granite and quartz ) , aluminium ( aluminium oxide al 2o 3 , in bauxite and corundum ) , iron ( iron ( iii ) oxide fe 2o 3 , in hematite and rust ) , and calcium carbonate ( in limestone ) . <SEP> 
even older rocks , such as the acasta gneiss of the slave craton in northwestern canada , the oldest known rock in the world have been metamorphosed to the point where their origin is undiscernable without laboratory analysis . <SEP> where ?
the metropolitan county of tyne and wear , which consists of the four aforementioned boroughs as well as the city of sunderland ( population circa 275,000 ) , had a population of around 1,076,000 and the tyne and wear city region which also includes north durham , south east northumberland and the tyne valley has a population of 1,650,000. newcastle is also home to a large student population with newcastle and northumbria universities in the local area . <SEP> 
summing these component forces using vector addition yields the original force . <SEP> what ?
the neighborhood features restaurants , live theater and nightclubs , as well as several independent shops and bookstores , currently operating on or near olive avenue , and all within a few hundred feet of each other . <SEP> what type of theater ?
in favorable circumstances , ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day . <SEP> how much food ?
he squished his toes one hundred times for each foot every night , saying that it stimulated his brain cells . <SEP> what ?
in 1755 , six colonial governors in north america met with general edward braddock , the newly arrived british army commander , and planned a four-way attack on the french . <SEP> when ?
the english name " normans " comes from the french words normans/normanz , plural of normant , modern french normand , which is itself borrowed from old low franconian nortmann " northman " or directly from old norse norðmaðr , latinized variously as nortmannus , normannus , or nordmannus ( recorded in medieval latin , 9th century ) to mean " norseman , viking " . <SEP> when ?
second , a citizen or company can invoke a directive , not just in a dispute with a public authority , but in a dispute with another citizen or company . <SEP> what ?
at a meeting in albany in december 1755 , he laid out his plans for 1756. in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec . <SEP> what proposed attacks ?
ersatzschulen are ordinary primary or secondary schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or religious groups . <SEP> what ?
studies on income inequality and growth have sometimes found evidence confirming the kuznets curve hypothesis , which states that with economic development , inequality first increases , then decreases . <SEP> 
prime elements in z ) of the form 4k + 3 are gaussian primes , whereas rational primes of the form 4k + 1 are not . <SEP> of what ?
after the miss , manning completed a pair of passes to emmanuel sanders for gains of 25 and 22 yards , setting up mcmanus ' 33-yard field goal that gave the broncos a 16–7 lead . <SEP> what kicker ?
by 1971 , the decision was made to also cancel missions 18 and 19. the two unused saturn vs became museum exhibits at the john f. kennedy space center on merritt island , florida , george c. marshall space center in huntsville , alabama , michoud assembly facility in new orleans , louisiana , and lyndon b. johnson space center in houston , texas . <SEP> what year ?
# p is an important complexity class of counting problems ( not decision problems ) . <SEP> what ?
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north . <SEP> what ?
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america . <SEP> which name ?
many types of turing machines are used to define complexity classes , such as deterministic turing machines , probabilistic turing machines , non-deterministic turing machines , quantum turing machines , symmetric turing machines and alternating turing machines . <SEP> what ?
stage 3 is the final stage of the bill and is considered at a meeting of the whole parliament . <SEP> what ?
the same principle , she argues , applies to breaches of law in protest against international organizations and foreign governments . <SEP> 
president grover cleveland attended the sub-tropical exposition in the city on february 22 , 1888 during his trip to florida . <SEP> which us president ?
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service . <SEP> what app ?
this force can be written as a sum of the electrostatic force ( due to the electric field ) and the magnetic force ( due to the magnetic field ) . <SEP> 
huguenot immigrants did not disperse or settle in different parts of the country , but rather , formed three societies or congregations ; one in the city of new york , another 21 miles north of new york in a town which they named new rochelle , and a third further upstate in new paltz . <SEP> what town in upstate new york ?
other , less frequently used names for the war include the fourth intercolonial war and the great war for the empire . <SEP> what ?
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day . <SEP> in what year ?
mitochondria have also been observed to follow chloroplasts as they move . <SEP> 
in may 2000 , the parliament was temporarily relocated to the former strathclyde regional council debating chamber in glasgow , and to the university of aberdeen in may 2002 . <SEP> where ?
his opinion stemmed from the belief that humans ' " pity " had interfered with the natural " ruthless workings of nature , " rather than from conceptions of a " master race " or inherent superiority of one person over another . <SEP> what ?
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach . <SEP> how many games ?
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent . <SEP> when ?
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks . <SEP> what type of living ?
she gave birth to a son , jochi ( 1185–1226 ) , nine months later , clouding the issue of his parentage . <SEP> what year ?
the apollo program , also known as project apollo , was the third united states human spaceflight program carried out by the national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , which accomplished landing the first humans on the moon from 1969 to 1972. first conceived during dwight d. eisenhower 's administration as a three-man spacecraft to follow the one-man project mercury which put the first americans in space , apollo was later dedicated to president john f. kennedy 's national goal of " landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to the earth " by the end of the 1960s , which he proposed in a may 25 , 1961 , address to congress . <SEP> what program ?
the t. t. tsui gallery of chinese art opened in 1991 , displaying a representative collection of the v & as approximately 16,000 objects from china , dating from the 4th millennium bc to the present day . <SEP> in which year ?
meps divide , as they do in national parliaments , along political party lines : the conservative european people 's party is currently the largest , and the party of european socialists leads the opposition . <SEP> which party ?
the warsaw citadel , an impressive 19th-century fortification built after the defeat of the november uprising , was a place of martyr for the poles . <SEP> what fortification ?
in the arts and entertainment , minimalist composer philip glass , dancer , choreographer and leader in the field of dance anthropology katherine dunham , bungie founder and developer of the halo video game series alex seropian , serial host sarah koenig , actor ed asner , pulitzer prize for criticism winning film critic and the subject of the 2014 documentary film life itself roger ebert , director , writer , and comedian mike nichols , film director and screenwriter philip kaufman , and carl van vechten , photographer and writer , are graduates . <SEP> what ?
healers were divided into non-mongol physicians called otachi and traditional mongol shamans . <SEP> who ?
jordan norwood 's 61-yard punt return set a new record , surpassing the old record of 45 yards set by john taylor in super bowl xxiii . <SEP> who ?
norwood had not done so , and with no resistance around him , he took off for a super bowl record 61-yard return before mario addison dragged him down on the panthers 14-yard line . <SEP> how many yards ?
the fourth was released on 4 october 2010 as a two disc special edition and contained music from the 2008–2010 specials ( the next doctor to end of time part 2 ) . <SEP> what music ?
tesla wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals . <SEP> what ?
while the mercury capsule could only support one astronaut on a limited earth orbital mission , apollo would carry three astronauts . <SEP> how many people ?
however , the running time may , in general , depend on the instance . <SEP> what ?
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped . <SEP> who ?
it is also the home of the sunnyside country club , which maintains a golf course designed by william p. bell . <SEP> who ?
a 2012 article placed this childhood juxtaposition of fear and thrill " at the center of many people 's relationship with the show " , and a 2011 online vote at digital spy deemed the series the " scariest tv show of all time " . <SEP> who ?
therefore , the charter of fundamental rights of the european union has become an integral part of european union law , codifying the fundamental rights which were previously considered general principles of european union law . <SEP> what charter ?
high-purity liquid o 2 is usually obtained by the fractional distillation of liquefied air . <SEP> what substance ?
tea , coffee , sisal , pyrethrum , corn , and wheat are grown in the fertile highlands , one of the most successful agricultural production regions in africa . <SEP> what ?
in his later years , luther grew more hostile toward the jews , writing against them with the kind of venom he had already unleashed on the anabaptists , zwinglianism , and the papacy . <SEP> who ?
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions . <SEP> what ?
the date of 2035 has been correctly quoted by the ipcc from the wwf report , which has misquoted its own source , an icsi report " variations of snow and ice in the past and at present on a global and regional scale " . <SEP> what report ?
in 1874 , tesla evaded being drafted into the austro-hungarian army in smiljan by running away to tomingaj , near gračac . <SEP> why ?
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period . <SEP> 
the average plant biomass is estimated at 356 ± 47 tonnes per hectare . <SEP> what ?
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season . <SEP> what year ?
in 1996 , bbc television held the " auntie awards " as the culmination of their " tv60 " series , celebrating 60 years of bbc television broadcasting , where doctor who was voted as the " best popular drama " the corporation had ever produced , ahead of such ratings heavyweights as eastenders and casualty . <SEP> what show ?
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china . <SEP> what ?
however , a residual of the force is observed between hadrons ( the best known example being the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei ) as the nuclear force . <SEP> what ?
in favorable circumstances , ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day . <SEP> how much ?
paul revere was descended from huguenot refugees , as was henry laurens , who signed the articles of confederation for south carolina ; jack jouett , who made the ride from cuckoo tavern to warn thomas jefferson and others that tarleton and his men were on their way to arrest him for crimes against the king ; francis marion , and a number of other leaders of the american revolution and later statesmen . <SEP> what signer of the articles of confederation ?
at the start of the war , the french north american colonies had a population of roughly 60,000 european settlers , compared with 2 million in the british north american colonies . <SEP> how many people ?
in addition , abc on demand ( like the video-on-demand television services provided by the other u.s. broadcast networks ) disallows fast forwarding of accessed content . <SEP> what ?
the condés established a thriving glass-making works , which provided wealth to the principality for many years . <SEP> what industry ?
politically , the system of government created by kublai khan was the product of a compromise between mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional chinese autocratic-bureaucratic system . <SEP> what chinese system ?
the board of trustees oversees the long-term development and plans of the university and manages fundraising efforts , and is composed of 50 members including the university president . <SEP> how many people ?
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute . <SEP> how many public charter schools ?
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott . <SEP> in what ?
all actions by eu institutions can be subject to judicial review , and judged by standards of proportionality , particularly where general principles of law , or fundamental rights are engaged . <SEP> which actions by eu institutions ?
the height of this persecution was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre when 5,000 to 30,000 were killed , although there were also underlying political reasons for this as well , as some of the huguenots were nobles trying to establish separate centers of power in southern france . <SEP> what event ?
greater london has over 900,000 muslims , ( most of south asian origins and concentrated in the east london boroughs of newham , tower hamlets and waltham forest ) , and among them are some with a strong islamist outlook . <SEP> what type of outlook ?
it is much more reactive towards common organic molecules than is molecular oxygen per se . <SEP> to what ?
private bills normally relate to large-scale development projects such as infrastructure projects that require the use of land or property . <SEP> what topic ?
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe . <SEP> who ?
on march 16 , 1985 , abc 's executive committee accepted the merger offer , which was formally announced on march 18 , 1985 , with capital cities purchasing abc and its related properties for $ 3.5 billion and $ 118 for each of abc 's shares as well as a guarantee of 10 % ( or $ 3 ) for a total of $ 121 per share . <SEP> how much ?
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden . <SEP> when ?
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue . <SEP> what ?
han chinese were moved to central asian areas like besh baliq , almaliq , and samarqand by the mongols where they worked as artisans and farmers . <SEP> what types of work ?
for exercise , tesla walked between 8 to 10 miles per day . <SEP> why ?
some 5 million people may have lived in the amazon region in ad 1500 , divided between dense coastal settlements , such as that at marajó , and inland dwellers . <SEP> how many people ?
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations ( broadcasting either in analog or digital ) in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama ( wbma-ld ) , lima , ohio ( wlqp-lp ) and south bend , indiana ( wbnd-ld ) . <SEP> what ?
according to politifact the top 400 richest americans " have more wealth than half of all americans combined . " <SEP> how many ?
in the more spiritual or mystical islamic tradition of sufism , the position of spiritual teacher and an esoteric ( as opposed to exoteric , or actions-oriented , e.g . <SEP> what ?
nuclear-powered ships and submarines either use a steam turbine directly for main propulsion , with generators providing auxiliary power , or else employ turbo-electric transmission , where the steam drives a turbo generator set with propulsion provided by electric motors . <SEP> what ?
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city . <SEP> when ?
to help reduce consumption , in 1974 a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph ( about 88 km/h ) was imposed through the emergency highway energy conservation act . <SEP> what ?
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp . <SEP> who ?
for most of human history higher material living standards – full stomachs , access to clean water and warmth from fuel – led to better health and longer lives . <SEP> what ?
the soundtrack for series 5 was released on 8 november 2010. in february 2011 , a soundtrack was released for the 2010 christmas special : " a christmas carol " , and in december 2011 the soundtrack for series 6 was released , both by silva screen records . <SEP> what ?
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> where ?
after some searching , it was discovered that the boat carrying his sister and his fiancée berengaria was anchored on the south coast of cyprus , together with the wrecks of several other ships , including the treasure ship . <SEP> who ?
in this arrangement , the architect or engineer acts as the project coordinator . <SEP> in the most common construction procurement , who ?
the basis for the social chapter was developed in 1989 by the " social partners " representatives , namely unice , the employers ' confederation , the european trade union confederation ( etuc ) and ceep , the european centre of public enterprises . <SEP> when ?
meanwhile , denver 's offense was kept out of the end zone for three plays , but a holding penalty on cornerback josh norman gave the broncos a new set of downs . <SEP> how many plays ?
in addition ; tracks , signalling and overhead wires are also being overhauled . <SEP> what ?
john schmitt and ben zipperer ( 2006 ) of the cepr point to economic liberalism and the reduction of business regulation along with the decline of union membership as one of the causes of economic inequality . <SEP> what organization ?
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network . <SEP> what ?
following the congress of vienna of 1815 , warsaw became the centre of the congress poland , a constitutional monarchy under a personal union with imperial russia . <SEP> when ?
egyptian president anwar sadat – whose policies included opening egypt to western investment ( infitah ) ; transferring egypt 's allegiance from the soviet union to the united states ; and making peace with israel – released islamists from prison and welcomed home exiles in tacit exchange for political support in his struggle against leftists . <SEP> who ?
he believed early on that damage to the skin was not caused by the roentgen rays , but by the ozone generated in contact with the skin , and to a lesser extent , by nitrous acid . <SEP> what ?
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines . <SEP> who ?
nearly 3,000 protestants were slaughtered in toulouse alone . <SEP> how many ?
others are sequential hermaphrodites , in which the eggs and sperm mature at different times . <SEP> what ?
luther justified his opposition to the rebels on three grounds . <SEP> how many ways ?
many important complexity classes can be defined by bounding the time or space used by the algorithm . <SEP> what function ?
luther secretly returned to wittenberg on 6 march 1522. he wrote to the elector : " during my absence , satan has entered my sheepfold , and committed ravages which i can not repair by writing , but only by my personal presence and living word . " <SEP> what ?
packets are normally forwarded by intermediate network nodes asynchronously using first-in , first-out buffering , but may be forwarded according to some scheduling discipline for fair queuing , traffic shaping , or for differentiated or guaranteed quality of service , such as weighted fair queuing or leaky bucket . <SEP> how ?
further , in the aftermath of the national elections of december 2007 and the violence that subsequently engulfed the country , a commission of inquiry , the waki commission , commended its readiness and adjudged it to " have performed its duty well . " <SEP> what ?
under the terms of the scotland act 1978 , an elected assembly would be set up in edinburgh provided that the majority of the scottish electorate voted for it in a referendum to be held on 1 march 1979 that represented at least 40 % of the total electorate . <SEP> where ?
luther 's writings circulated widely , reaching france , england , and italy as early as 1519. students thronged to wittenberg to hear luther speak . <SEP> who ?
these missions would also carry the lunar roving vehicle ( lrv ) increasing the exploration area and allowing televised liftoff of the lm . <SEP> what ?
finally , the bbc reported that 17,000 customers had yet to receive the service due to failed deliveries . <SEP> what ?
there are 13 natural reserves in warsaw – among others , bielany forest , kabaty woods , czerniaków lake . <SEP> how many ?
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits . <SEP> when ?
the 1960s would be marked by the rise of family-oriented series in an attempt by abc to counterprogram its established competitors , but the decade was also marked by the network 's gradual transition to color . <SEP> what decade ?
this decreed that it would be occupied by the allies , until 1935 and after that , it would be a demilitarised zone , with the german army forbidden to enter . <SEP> who ?
english is widely spoken in commerce , schooling and government . <SEP> where ?
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer . <SEP> who ?
the tyneside flat was the dominant housing form constructed at the time when the industrial centres on tyneside were growing most rapidly . <SEP> what ?
it is connected to the city via the metro light rail system and a journey into newcastle city centre takes approximately 20 minutes . <SEP> how ?
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day . <SEP> when ?
teaching may be carried out informally , within the family , which is called homeschooling , or in the wider community . <SEP> what ?
the most important of these was the swynnerton plan , which was used to both reward loyalists and punish mau mau . <SEP> what ?
the most frequent musical contributor during the first 15 years was dudley simpson , who is also well known for his theme and incidental music for blake 's 7 , and for his haunting theme music and score for the original 1970s version of the tomorrow people . <SEP> who ?
the first building to be erected that still forms part of the museum was the sheepshanks gallery in 1857 on the eastern side of the garden . <SEP> what ?
cysteine is made in the chloroplast ( the proplastid too ) but it is also synthesized in the cytosol and mitochondria , probably because it has trouble crossing membranes to get to where it is needed . <SEP> what ?
preschool , which targets children from age three to five , is an integral component of the education system and is a key requirement for admission to standard one ( first grade ) . <SEP> what ?
in march 1896 , after hearing of wilhelm röntgen 's discovery of x-ray and x-ray imaging ( radiography ) , tesla proceeded to do his own experiments in x-ray imaging , developing a high energy single terminal vacuum tube of his own design that had no target electrode and that worked from the output of the tesla coil ( the modern term for the phenomenon produced by this device is bremsstrahlung or braking radiation ) . <SEP> what ?
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes . <SEP> what ?
for instance , if a problem x can be solved using an algorithm for y , x is no more difficult than y , and we say that x reduces to y. there are many different types of reductions , based on the method of reduction , such as cook reductions , karp reductions and levin reductions , and the bound on the complexity of reductions , such as polynomial-time reductions or log-space reductions . <SEP> what ?
the dornbirner ach had to be diverted , too , and it now flows parallel to the canalized rhine into the lake . <SEP> what ?
this means that the commission has a monopoly on initiating the legislative procedure , although the council is the " de facto catalyst of many legislative initiatives " . <SEP> who ?
in his writings lenin portrayed imperialism as a natural extension of capitalism that arose from need for capitalist economies to constantly expand investment , material resources and manpower in such a way that necessitated colonial expansion . <SEP> why ?
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida . <SEP> what tribe ?
grissom , white , and chaffee decided to name their flight apollo 1 as a motivational focus on the first manned flight . <SEP> who ?
he also built a wireless controlled boat , one of the first ever exhibited . <SEP> what remote control vehicle ?
today , the warsaw stock exchange ( wse ) is , according to many indicators , the largest market in the region , with 374 companies listed and total capitalization of 162 584 mln eur as of 31 august 2009. from 1991 until 2000 , the stock exchange was , ironically , located in the building previously used as the headquarters of the polish united workers ' party ( pzpr ) . <SEP> whose former headquarters ?
the next major step occurred when james watt developed ( 1763–1775 ) an improved version of newcomen 's engine , with a separate condenser . <SEP> what ?
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california . <SEP> where ?
these were bequeathed with over 18,000 books to the museum in 1876 by john forster . <SEP> in which year ?
the area is also known for its early twentieth century homes , many of which have been restored in recent decades . <SEP> what type of homes ?
he bolstered his popularity among his subjects by modeling his government on the bureaucracy of traditional chinese dynasties and adopting the chinese era name of zhongtong . <SEP> what chinese era name ?
there were 4 han tumens and 3 khitan tumens , with each tumen consisting of 10,000 troops . <SEP> how many soldiers ?
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased . <SEP> what ?
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system . <SEP> what ?
jacksonville has florida 's largest filipino american community , with 25,033 in the metropolitan area as of the 2010 census . <SEP> 
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game . <SEP> what team ?
this means that the reduction process takes polynomial time . <SEP> what measurement of time ?
such questions spurred the development of various branches of number theory , focusing on analytic or algebraic aspects of numbers . <SEP> what ?
the very high-speed backbone network service ( vbns ) came on line in april 1995 as part of a national science foundation ( nsf ) sponsored project to provide high-speed interconnection between nsf-sponsored supercomputing centers and select access points in the united states . <SEP> what ?
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain . <SEP> which part of the immune system ?
the emperor presented the final draft of the edict of worms on 25 may 1521 , declaring luther an outlaw , banning his literature , and requiring his arrest : " we want him to be apprehended and punished as a notorious heretic . " <SEP> who ?
for instance , the biggest school chain , kunskapsskolan ( “ the knowledge school ” ) , offers 30 schools and a web-based environment , has 700 employees and teaches nearly 10,000 pupils . <SEP> what ?
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill . <SEP> which ?
the focus on co-operation is to ameliorate the many problems that arise from the often highly competitive and adversarial practices within the construction industry . <SEP> on what ?
previously , geologists could only use fossils and stratigraphic correlation to date sections of rock relative to one another . <SEP> 
noble subsequently acquired the rights to the " american broadcasting company " name from george b. storer in 1944 ; its parent company adopted the corporate name american broadcasting companies , inc. woods retained his position as president and ceo of abc until december 1949 , and was subsequently promoted to vice-chairman of the board before leaving abc altogether on june 30 , 1951 . <SEP> what position ?
the rousing success of happy days also led to a successful spin-off series , laverne & shirley , which debuted in 1976. charlie 's angels and three 's company ( which debuted in 1977 ) were two prime examples of a trend among the major networks during the 1970s known as " jiggle tv " , featuring attractive , often buxom , women in main and guest roles . <SEP> what spinoff of happy days ?
thus , in a market economy , inequality is a reflection of the productivity gap between highly-paid professions and lower-paid professions . <SEP> what ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> who ?
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth . <SEP> what story ?
in 1968 , abc took advantage of new fcc ownership regulations that allowed broadcasting companies to own a maximum of seven radio stations nationwide in order to purchase houston radio stations kxyz and kxyz-fm for $ 1 million in shares and $ 1.5 million in bonds . <SEP> how many radio stations ?
in contrast , the humoral theory of immunity , held , among others , by robert koch and emil von behring , stated that the active immune agents were soluble components ( molecules ) found in the organism ’ s “ humors ” rather than its cells . <SEP> what two scientists ?
kuchlug , the deposed khan of the naiman confederation that temüjin defeated and folded into his mongol empire , fled west and usurped the khanate of qara khitai ( also known as the western liao , as it was originally established as remnants of the liao dynasty ) . <SEP> who ?
in 2006 , 304,016 companies were registered in the city . <SEP> how many ?
in the georgian age there was increasing emphasis on entertainment and leisure . <SEP> what british cultural trend during the georgian ?
the episode " vincent and the doctor " was shortlisted for a mind award at the 2010 mind mental health media awards for its " touching " portrayal of vincent van gogh . <SEP> who ?
as of august 2009 [ update ] , the chairman of the board of trustees is andrew alper , and the president of the university is robert zimmer . <SEP> who ?
terra preta ( black earth ) , which is distributed over large areas in the amazon forest , is now widely accepted as a product of indigenous soil management . <SEP> how much ?
itv had increased its offer from £18m to £34m per year to keep control of the rights . <SEP> what ?
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium . <SEP> when ?
outside the united states the church is divided into seven central conferences : africa , congo , west africa , central & southern europe , germany , northern europe and the philippines . <SEP> how many central conferences ?
a vote clerk sits in front of the presiding officer and operates the electronic voting equipment and chamber clocks . <SEP> who ?
tesla was asocial and prone to seclude himself with his work . <SEP> with what word ?
on 7 january 1900 , tesla left colorado springs . <SEP> when ?
normally water is the fluid of choice due to its favourable properties , such as non-toxic and unreactive chemistry , abundance , low cost , and its thermodynamic properties . <SEP> what ?
it is planned that it could open within five years . <SEP> when ?
while qutb 's ideas became increasingly radical during his imprisonment prior to his execution in 1966 , the leadership of the brotherhood , led by hasan al-hudaybi , remained moderate and interested in political negotiation and activism . <SEP> when ?
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) . <SEP> what ?
the normans had a profound effect on irish culture and history after their invasion at bannow bay in 1169. initially the normans maintained a distinct culture and ethnicity . <SEP> what culture ?
in north carolina , wbt ( 1110 am ) will carry the game , with mick mixon on play-by-play and eugene robinson and jim szoke on color commentary . <SEP> who ?
the impact of the technologies invented or envisioned by tesla is a recurring theme in several types of science fiction . <SEP> how many types of science fiction ?
according to scholars walter krämer , götz trenkler , gerhard ritter , and gerhard prause , the story of the posting on the door , even though it has settled as one of the pillars of history , has little foundation in truth . <SEP> what ?
finding the key bed in these situations may help determine whether the fault is a normal fault or a thrust fault . <SEP> 
" old briton " ignored the warning . <SEP> what ?
li tan , the son-in-law of a powerful official , instigated a revolt against mongol rule in 1262. after successfully suppressing the revolt , kublai curbed the influence of the han chinese advisers in his court . <SEP> when ?
luther insisted on the real presence of the body and blood of christ in the consecrated bread and wine , which he called the sacramental union , while his opponents believed god to be only spiritually or symbolically present . <SEP> what ?
however , the cryptophyte is not an endosymbiont—only the chloroplast seems to have been taken , and the chloroplast has been stripped of its nucleomorph and outermost two membranes , leaving just a two-membraned chloroplast . <SEP> what ?
the three sources of european union law are primary law , secondary law and supplementary law . <SEP> what ?
in the united states , each state determines the requirements for getting a license to teach in public schools . <SEP> who ?
earlier papers studying problems solvable by turing machines with specific bounded resources include john myhill 's definition of linear bounded automata ( myhill 1960 ) , raymond smullyan 's study of rudimentary sets ( 1961 ) , as well as hisao yamada 's paper on real-time computations ( 1962 ) . <SEP> who ?
the color was unofficially adopted ( in preference to magenta ) by an 1875 vote of the student body , although the association with some form of red can be traced back to 1858 , when charles william eliot , a young graduate student who would later become harvard 's 21st and longest-serving president ( 1869–1909 ) , bought red bandanas for his crew so they could more easily be distinguished by spectators at a regatta . <SEP> what year ?
the english name " normans " comes from the french words normans/normanz , plural of normant , modern french normand , which is itself borrowed from old low franconian nortmann " northman " or directly from old norse norðmaðr , latinized variously as nortmannus , normannus , or nordmannus ( recorded in medieval latin , 9th century ) to mean " norseman , viking " . <SEP> what ?
king david i of scotland , whose elder brother alexander i had married sybilla of normandy , was instrumental in introducing normans and norman culture to scotland , part of the process some scholars call the " davidian revolution " . <SEP> who ?
to see why exponential-time algorithms might be unusable in practice , consider a program that makes 2n operations before halting . <SEP> 
word of the british military plans leaked to france well before braddock 's departure for north america . <SEP> when ?
he called it packet switching , a more accessible name than baran 's , and proposed to build a nationwide network in the uk . <SEP> what ?
on his 50th birthday in 1906 , tesla demonstrated his 200 horsepower ( 150 kilowatts ) 16,000 rpm bladeless turbine . <SEP> how many horsepower ?
despite popular prejudices to the contrary , the u.s. economy consistently affords a lower level of economic mobility than all the continental european countries for which data is available . " <SEP> what level of economic mobility ?
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment . <SEP> where ?
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir . <SEP> who ?
he prayed , consulted friends , and gave his response the next day : <SEP> when ?
the four general questions available to opposition leaders are : <SEP> how many general questions ?
the malkin athletic center , known as the " mac " , serves both as the university 's primary recreation facility and as a satellite location for several varsity sports . <SEP> what ?
in the philippines , the private sector has been a major provider of educational services , accounting for about 7.5 % of primary enrollment , 32 % of secondary enrollment and about 80 % of tertiary enrollment . <SEP> what percentage of filipino tertiary education ?
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare . <SEP> what ?
the most general outbreaks in tudor and stuart england seem to have begun in 1498 , 1535 , 1543 , 1563 , 1589 , 1603 , 1625 , and 1636 , and ended with the great plague of london in 1665 . <SEP> when ?
according to economists david castells-quintana and vicente royuela , increasing inequality harms economic growth . <SEP> what ?
next , the two plastid-dividing rings , or pd rings form . <SEP> what ?
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility . <SEP> what year ?
phosphorylation helps many proteins bind the polypeptide , keeping it from folding prematurely . <SEP> what ?
aristotle believed that motionless objects on earth , those composed mostly of the elements earth and water , to be in their natural place on the ground and that they will stay that way if left alone . <SEP> where ?
the discharge of the rhine is divided among three branches : the river waal ( 6/9 of total discharge ) , the river nederrijn – lek ( 2/9 of total discharge ) and the river ijssel ( 1/9 of total discharge ) . <SEP> how many branches ?
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union . <SEP> where ?
this is not a valid comparison—the inner mitochondria membrane is used to run proton pumps and carry out oxidative phosphorylation across to generate atp energy . <SEP> what ?
in 1929 , the university 's fifth president , robert maynard hutchins , took office ; the university underwent many changes during his 24-year tenure . <SEP> in what year ?
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes . <SEP> how many individual libraries ?
packet switching contrasts with another principal networking paradigm , circuit switching , a method which pre-allocates dedicated network bandwidth specifically for each communication session , each having a constant bit rate and latency between nodes . <SEP> what ?
some tumor cells also release products that inhibit the immune response ; for example by secreting the cytokine tgf-β , which suppresses the activity of macrophages and lymphocytes . <SEP> 
ward fumbled the ball during the return , but trevathan recovered it to enable denver to keep possession . <SEP> who ?
heinrich himmler wrote admiringly of his writings and sermons on the jews in 1940. the city of nuremberg presented a first edition of on the jews and their lies to julius streicher , editor of the nazi newspaper der stürmer , on his birthday in 1937 ; the newspaper described it as the most radically anti-semitic tract ever published . <SEP> how ?
in 1960 , canadian entrepreneur john bassett , who was trying to establish a television station in toronto , sought the help of abc to launch the station . <SEP> what canadian investor ?
he fled from gallifrey in a stolen mark i type 40 tardis – " time and relative dimension in space " – time machine which allows him to travel across time and space . <SEP> what vehicle ?
marshall cohen notes , " it has been used to describe everything from bringing a test-case in the federal courts to taking aim at a federal official . <SEP> what person ?
manning finished the game 13 of 23 for 141 yards with one interception and zero touchdowns . <SEP> how many touchdowns ?
such self-interest directly conflicts with the patient 's interest in obtaining cost-effective medication and avoiding the unnecessary use of medication that may have side-effects . <SEP> where ?
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game . <SEP> how many years ?
for many years , sudan had an islamist regime under the leadership of hassan al-turabi . <SEP> what type of regime ?
a teacher may follow standardized curricula as determined by the relevant authority . <SEP> who ?
the beroida , also known as nuda , have no feeding appendages , but their large pharynx , just inside the large mouth and filling most of the saclike body , bears " macrocilia " at the oral end . <SEP> what ?
kenya ( /ˈkɛnjə/ ; locally [ ˈkɛɲa ] ( listen ) ) , officially the republic of kenya , is a country in africa and a founding member of the east african community ( eac ) . <SEP> what ?
linebacker luke kuechly had 11 total tackles , while thomas davis had seven , despite playing just two weeks after breaking his right arm in the nfc title game . <SEP> what player ?
there were two kinds of x.25 networks . some such as datapac and transpac were initially implemented with an x.25 external interface . <SEP> how many types of x. 25 networks ?
some examples of intracellular pathogens include viruses , the food poisoning bacterium salmonella and the eukaryotic parasites that cause malaria ( plasmodium falciparum ) and leishmaniasis ( leishmania spp . ) . <SEP> what ?
daytime programming is also provided from 11:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. weekdays ( with a one-hour break at 12:00 p.m. eastern/pacific for stations to air newscasts , other locally produced programming such as talk shows , or syndicated programs ) featuring the talk/lifestyle shows the view and the chew and the soap opera general hospital . <SEP> what soap opera ?
the logo for the twelfth doctor had the " dw " tardis insignia removed and the font was subtly altered , as well as made slightly larger . <SEP> which logo ?
the region spans from pacific ocean islands , shorelines , beaches , and coastal plains , through the transverse and peninsular ranges with their peaks , into the large and small interior valleys , to the vast deserts of california . <SEP> which mountains ?
the greatest distinction of an empire is through the amount of land that a nation has conquered and expanded . <SEP> what ?
snow is a rarity ; the heaviest snowfall at the airport was 2.2 inches ( 0.06 m ) on january 21 , 1962 . <SEP> what ?
although the vote was 51.6 % in favour of a scottish assembly , this figure did not equal the 40 % of the total electorate threshold deemed necessary to pass the measure , as 32.9 % of the eligible voting population did not , or had been unable to , vote . <SEP> what percentage ?
while the military effectiveness of these " afghan arabs " was marginal , an estimated 16,000 to 35,000 muslim volunteers came from around the world came to fight in afghanistan . <SEP> how effective ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> in what year ?
however its role participation in the legislative process still remains limited because no member can actually or pass legislation without the commission and council , meaning power ( " kratia " ) is not in the hands of directly elected representatives of the people ( " demos " ) : in the eu it is not yet true that " the administration is in the hands of the many and not of the few . " <SEP> what two bodies ?
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt . <SEP> what ?
the port developed in the 16th century and , along with the shipyards lower down the river tyne , was amongst the world 's largest shipbuilding and ship-repairing centres . <SEP> what century ?
pharmacy organizations often use other symbols , such as the bowl of hygieia which is often used in the netherlands , conical measures , and caduceuses in their logos . <SEP> what country ?
the scottish parliament has the power to legislate in all areas that are not explicitly reserved to westminster . <SEP> where ?
the affiliate-syndicated saturday morning e/i block litton 's weekend aventure is also broadcast in hd , and was the first children 's program block on any u.s. broadcast network to feature programs available in the format upon its september 2011 debut . <SEP> what ?
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock . <SEP> how many yards ?
céloron continued south until his expedition reached the confluence of the ohio and the miami rivers , which lay just south of the village of pickawillany , the home of the miami chief known as " old briton " . <SEP> where ?
in 2010 , peter davison , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and paul mcgann came together again to star in the audio drama the four doctors . <SEP> which doctors ?
the country is known chiefly for its dominance in middle-distance and long-distance athletics , having consistently produced olympic and commonwealth games champions in various distance events , especially in 800 m , 1,500 m , 3,000 m steeplechase , 5,000 m , 10,000 m and the marathon . <SEP> what ?
stadtholder william iii of orange , who later became king of england , emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv after the french attacked the dutch republic in 1672. william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state . <SEP> who ?
the medals were awarded posthumously to grissom , white , and chaffee in 1969 , then to the crews of all missions from apollo 8 onward . <SEP> in what year ?
effects of inequality researchers have found include higher rates of health and social problems , and lower rates of social goods , a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted on high-end consumption , and even a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption . <SEP> 
the baltimore-washington conference of the umc has approved the appointment of an openly partnered lesbian to the provisional diaconate . <SEP> what group ?
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated . <SEP> 
in marxian analysis , capitalist firms increasingly substitute capital equipment for labor inputs ( workers ) under competitive pressure to reduce costs and maximize profits . <SEP> why ?
in a typical year the amazon absorbs 1.5 gigatons of carbon dioxide ; during 2005 instead 5 gigatons were released and in 2010 8 gigatons were released . <SEP> how many tons of carbon ?
on december 12 , washington and his men reached fort le boeuf . <SEP> when ?
at 25 °c and 1 standard atmosphere ( 101.3 kpa ) of air , freshwater contains about 6.04 milliliters ( ml ) of oxygen per liter , whereas seawater contains about 4.95 ml per liter . <SEP> how much oxygen ?
unlike conventional cilia and flagella , which has a filament structure arranged in a 9 + 2 pattern , these cilia are arranged in a 9 + 3 pattern , where the extra compact filament is suspected to have a supporting function . <SEP> what ?
many of these series were greenlit by silverman , who left abc in 1978 to become president of nbc 's entertainment division . <SEP> what position ?
these advances led to the development of a layered model of the earth , with a crust and lithosphere on top , the mantle below ( separated within itself by seismic discontinuities at 410 and 660 kilometers ) , and the outer core and inner core below that . <SEP> what ?
luther dedicated himself to the augustinian order , devoting himself to fasting , long hours in prayer , pilgrimage , and frequent confession . <SEP> to what ?
zia-ul-haq was much more committed to islamism , and " islamization " or implementation of islamic law , became a cornerstone of his eleven-year military dictatorship and islamism became his " official state ideology " . <SEP> what ?
edison , saying that he was only joking , replied , " tesla , you do n't understand our american humor . <SEP> what ?
southern california is famous for tourism and hollywood ( film , television , and music ) . <SEP> what ?
trotsky , and others , believed that the revolution could only succeed in russia as part of a world revolution . <SEP> what ?
it is bordered by tanzania to the south , uganda to the west , south sudan to the north-west , ethiopia to the north and somalia to the north-east . <SEP> what country ?
when the order came to annihilate the ghetto as part of hitler 's " final solution " on 19 april 1943 , jewish fighters launched the warsaw ghetto uprising . <SEP> when ?
thomas piketty in his book capital in the twenty-first century argues that the fundamental force for divergence is the usually greater return of capital ( r ) than economic growth ( g ) , and that larger fortunes generate higher returns [ pp . <SEP> what ?
before the st. elizabeth 's flood ( 1421 ) , the meuse flowed just south of today 's line merwede-oude maas to the north sea and formed an archipelago-like estuary with waal and lek . <SEP> what flood ?
there were 80,000 white settlers living in kenya in the 1950s . <SEP> how many ?
the university of chicago is governed by a board of trustees . <SEP> who ?
the largest share of kenya 's electricity supply comes from hydroelectric stations at dams along the upper tana river , as well as the turkwel gorge dam in the west . <SEP> where ?
he saw higher education as a vehicle of opportunity for the talented rather than an entitlement for the wealthy , so conant devised programs to identify , recruit , and support talented youth . <SEP> how ?
with the help of the magnetophon , abc was able to provide its stars with greater freedom in terms of time , and also attract several big names , such as bing crosby at a time when nbc and cbs did not allow pre-taped shows . <SEP> who ?
the bbc drama department 's serials division produced the programme for 26 seasons , broadcast on bbc 1. falling viewing numbers , a decline in the public perception of the show and a less-prominent transmission slot saw production suspended in 1989 by jonathan powell , controller of bbc 1. although ( as series co-star sophie aldred reported in the documentary doctor who : more than 30 years in the tardis ) it was effectively , if not formally , cancelled with the decision not to commission a planned 27th series of the show for transmission in 1990 , the bbc repeatedly affirmed that the series would return . <SEP> what ?
in may 1961 , life criticized the public enthusiasm and sponsorship for these types of shows at the expense of news programming and denounced an unofficial law " replacing the good programs with the bad ones " . <SEP> what magazine ?
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai . <SEP> which company ?
colonialism 's core meaning is the exploitation of the valuable assets and supplies of the nation that was conquered and the conquering nation then gaining the benefits from the spoils of the war . <SEP> what ?
" the islamic state " , formerly known as the " islamic state of iraq and the levant " and before that as the " islamic state of iraq " , ( and called the acronym daesh by its many detractors ) , is a wahhabi/salafi jihadist extremist militant group which is led by and mainly composed of sunni arabs from iraq and syria . <SEP> what type of group ?
however , a distinct lymphocyte-derived molecule has been discovered in primitive jawless vertebrates , such as the lamprey and hagfish . <SEP> what ?
the climate is cooler in the savannah grasslands around the capital city , nairobi , and especially closer to mount kenya , which has snow permanently on its peaks . <SEP> what mountain ?
to remedy the causes of the fire , changes were made in the block ii spacecraft and operational procedures , the most important of which were use of a nitrogen/oxygen mixture instead of pure oxygen before and during launch , and removal of flammable cabin and space suit materials . <SEP> what type of mixture ?
several french paintings entered the collection as part of the 260 paintings and miniatures ( not all the works were french , for example carlo crivelli 's virgin and child ) that formed part of the jones bequest of 1882 and as such are displayed in the galleries of continental art 1600–1800 , including the portrait of françois , duc d'alençon by françois clouet , gaspard dughet and works by françois boucher including his portrait of madame de pompadour dated 1758 , jean françois de troy , jean-baptiste pater and their contemporaries . <SEP> what ?
every january , the university holds a week-long winter festival , kuviasungnerk/kangeiko , which include early morning exercise routines and fitness workshops . <SEP> what ?
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) . <SEP> what ?
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north . <SEP> what ?
the kilogram-force leads to an alternate , but rarely used unit of mass : the metric slug ( sometimes mug or hyl ) is that mass that accelerates at 1 m·s−2 when subjected to a force of 1 kgf . <SEP> what ?
macroeconomic problems consisted of both inflationary and deflationary impacts . <SEP> which problem ?
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) . <SEP> when ?
often , the owner of the property acts as laborer , paymaster , and design team for the entire project . <SEP> who ?
an 1882 map drawn by joseph thompsons , a scottish geologist and naturalist , indicated mt . <SEP> who ?
american foreign policy was denounced as a " racket " by smedley butler , an american general . <SEP> what ?
the investigation of the pathogen that caused the 19th-century plague was begun by teams of scientists who visited hong kong in 1894 , among whom was the french-swiss bacteriologist alexandre yersin , after whom the pathogen was named yersinia pestis . <SEP> where and when ?
the fundamental theorem of arithmetic continues to hold in unique factorization domains . <SEP> what theorem ?
the first of these was the " dalekmania " period ( circa 1964–1965 ) , when the popularity of the daleks regularly brought doctor who ratings of between 9 and 14 million , even for stories which did not feature them . <SEP> when ?
his body was later found by maid alice monaghan after she had entered tesla 's room , ignoring the " do not disturb " sign that tesla had placed on his door two days earlier . <SEP> what ?
the church also states that " as christians they are aware that neither the way of military action , nor the way of inaction is always righteous before god . " <SEP> 
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> which super bowl ?
in 1965 , the corporate entity , american broadcasting-paramount theatres , was renamed as the american broadcasting companies , while its cinema division became abc theatres ; [ citation needed ] its recording division was renamed abc records in 1966. in december of that year , the abc television network premiered the dating game , a pioneer series in its genre , which was a reworking of the blind date concept in which a suitor selected one of three contestants sight unseen based on the answers to selected questions . <SEP> what ?
in the aftermath , montcalm and the indians under his command disagreed about the disposition of prisoners ' personal effects . <SEP> what disagreement ?
the working fluid in a rankine cycle can operate as a closed loop system , where the working fluid is recycled continuously , or may be an " open loop " system , where the exhaust steam is directly released to the atmosphere , and a separate source of water feeding the boiler is supplied . <SEP> what sort of system ?
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools . <SEP> how many professional schools ?
it is located at approximately 47°39′n 9°19′e﻿ / ﻿47.650°n 9.317°e﻿ / 47.650 ; 9.317 . <SEP> where ?
in 1926 , tesla commented on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality , and indicated that humanity 's future would be run by " queen bees . " <SEP> what term ?
however , under directives , citizens or corporations were said in 1986 to not be allowed to bring claims against other non-state parties . <SEP> during what year ?
this teaching by luther was clearly expressed in his 1525 publication on the bondage of the will , which was written in response to on free will by desiderius erasmus ( 1524 ) . <SEP> when ?
smaller settlements , which included killeshandra in county cavan , contributed to the expansion of flax cultivation and the growth of the irish linen industry . <SEP> what textile industry ?
the logic for this is believed to be that the prime number intervals between emergences make it very difficult for predators to evolve that could specialize as predators on magicicadas . <SEP> what ?
thus the time required to solve a problem ( or the space required , or any measure of complexity ) is calculated as a function of the size of the instance . <SEP> how ?
another major division within islamism is between what graham e. fuller has described as the fundamentalist " guardians of the tradition " ( salafis , such as those in the wahhabi movement ) and the " vanguard of change and islamic reform " centered around the muslim brotherhood . <SEP> what ?
european union law is a body of treaties and legislation , such as regulations and directives , which have direct effect or indirect effect on the laws of european union member states . <SEP> what effect ?
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species . <SEP> how many tree species ?
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line . <SEP> who ?
natural killer cells , or nk cells , are a component of the innate immune system which does not directly attack invading microbes . <SEP> what ?
the british superintendent for indian affairs in the new york region and beyond , johnson was known to the iroquois as warraghiggey , meaning " he who does great things . " <SEP> what ?
kenya ranks low on transparency international 's corruption perception index ( cpi ) , a metric which attempts to gauge the prevalence of public sector corruption in various countries . <SEP> where ?
" seven years " refers to events in europe , from the official declaration of war in 1756 to the signing of the peace treaty in 1763. these dates do not correspond with the fighting on mainland north america , where the fighting between the two colonial powers was largely concluded in six years , from the battle of jumonville glen in 1754 to the capture of montreal in 1760 . <SEP> when ?
about 61.1 % of victorians describe themselves as christian . <SEP> what percentage of victorians ?
the plague recurred occasionally in europe until the 19th century . <SEP> for how long ?
in 1899 , john jacob astor iv invested $ 100,000 for tesla to further develop and produce a new lighting system . <SEP> what ?
with the opening of the dorothy and michael hintze sculpture galleries in 2006 it was decided to extend the chronology of the works on display up to 1950 ; this has involved loans by other museums , including tate britain , so works by henry moore and jacob epstein along with other of their contemporaries are now on view . <SEP> to which year ?
the cover caption " all the world 's his power house " noted his contribution to electrical power generation . <SEP> to which ?
this was followed by five launches of boilerplate csms ( designated as-101 through as-105 ) into orbit in 1964 and 1965. the last three of these further supported the apollo program by also carrying pegasus satellites , which verified the safety of the translunar environment by measuring the frequency and severity of micrometeorite impacts . <SEP> what ?
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030. in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight . <SEP> what ?
in contrast , an increase in the income share of the bottom 20 percent ( the poor ) is associated with higher gdp growth . <SEP> what ?
the eye crossed st. augustine with winds that had just barely diminished to 110 mph ( 180 km/h ) , making it a strong category 2 on the saffir-simpson scale . <SEP> what ?
after the german invasion of poland on 1 september 1939 began the second world war , warsaw was defended till september 27. central poland , including warsaw , came under the rule of the general government , a german nazi colonial administration . <SEP> when ?
the private networks were often connected via gateways to the public network to reach locations not on the private network . <SEP> 
the new logo debuted on-air for abc 's promos at the start of the 1963–64 season . <SEP> when ?
in the local alemannic dialect , the singular is pronounced " isel " and this is also the local pronunciation of esel ( " donkey " ) . <SEP> what ?
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s . <SEP> during what time ?
tropicality can be paralleled with edward said ’ s orientalism as the west ’ s construction of the east as the “ other ” . <SEP> which book by edward ?
the phylum has a wide range of body forms , including the flattened , deep-sea platyctenids , in which the adults of most species lack combs , and the coastal beroids , which lack tentacles and prey on other ctenophores by using huge mouths armed with groups of large , stiffened cilia that act as teeth . <SEP> what ?
education in wales differs in certain respects from education elsewhere in the united kingdom . <SEP> what area ?
under the suggestion of subutai , the mongol army was split into two forces . <SEP> whose plan ?
bowman was the director of the american geographical society in 1914. three years later in 1917 , he was appointed to then president woodrow wilson 's inquiry in 1917. the inquiry was the idea of president wilson and the american delegation from the paris peace conference . <SEP> who besides woodrow wilson ?
general relativity offers an equivalence between space-time and mass , but lacking a coherent theory of quantum gravity , it is unclear as to how or whether this connection is relevant on microscales . <SEP> what ?
the date of the poll may be varied by up to one month either way by the monarch on the proposal of the presiding officer . <SEP> who ?
for csa metropolitan purposes , the five counties of los angeles , orange , riverside , san bernardino , and ventura are all combined to make up the greater los angeles area with over 17.5 million people . <SEP> how many people ?
in anglophone academic works , theories regarding imperialism are often based on the british experience . <SEP> which country ?
a portion of grainger town was demolished in the 1960s to make way for the eldon square shopping centre , including all but one side of the original eldon square itself . <SEP> what ?
after each election to the scottish parliament , at the beginning of each parliamentary session , parliament elects one msp to serve as presiding officer , the equivalent of the speaker ( currently tricia marwick ) , and two msps to serve as deputies ( currently elaine smith and john scott ) . <SEP> who ?
the combined effect of these events led to prime minister wilson committing his government to some form of devolved legislature in 1974. however , it was not until 1978 that final legislative proposals for a scottish assembly were passed by the united kingdom parliament . <SEP> when ?
the very high-speed backbone network service ( vbns ) came on line in april 1995 as part of a national science foundation ( nsf ) sponsored project to provide high-speed interconnection between nsf-sponsored supercomputing centers and select access points in the united states . <SEP> what ?
throughout the history of education the most common form of school discipline was corporal punishment . <SEP> how common of a type ?
the substantial price increases of 1973–1974 largely returned their prices and corresponding incomes to bretton woods levels in terms of commodities such as gold . <SEP> when ?
more powerful extensions of the fermat primality test , such as the baillie-psw , miller-rabin , and solovay-strassen tests , are guaranteed to fail at least some of the time when applied to a composite number . <SEP> what ?
at the beginning of the 17th century the empire contained 32 provinces and numerous vassal states . <SEP> how many provinces ?
the area of the modern city of jacksonville has been inhabited for thousands of years . <SEP> where ?
the meeting report states there were 322 persons in attendance at sessions with about seven-eighths of participants being from governmental organizations . <SEP> how much of the ipcc attendees ?
a large body of mathematical work would still be valid when calling 1 a prime , but euclid 's fundamental theorem of arithmetic ( mentioned above ) would not hold as stated . <SEP> which theorem ?
this concept contrasted and contradicted the theretofore established principles of pre-allocation of network bandwidth , largely fortified by the development of telecommunications in the bell system . <SEP> what ?
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s . <SEP> who ?
in japan , for example , although average attainment on standardized tests may exceed those in western countries , classroom discipline and behavior is highly problematic . <SEP> what country ?
it also featured a crossover with the soap opera eastenders , the action taking place in the latter 's albert square location and around greenwich . <SEP> 
many counties offer alternative licensing programs to attract people into teaching , especially for hard-to-fill positions . <SEP> what type of positions ?
it is believed that if a problem can be solved by an algorithm , there exists a turing machine that solves the problem . <SEP> 
cyanobacteria are considered the ancestors of chloroplasts . <SEP> what ?
furnished with notes and prefaces by luther , and with woodcuts by lucas cranach that contained anti-papal imagery , it played a major role in the spread of luther 's doctrine throughout germany . <SEP> what artist ?
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) . <SEP> where ?
this was crushed by british troops , but the discontents prompted colonial authorities to reform the administration ( particularly reducing the hated mining licence fees ) and extend the franchise . <SEP> what ?
co-teaching has also become a new trend amongst educational institutions . <SEP> what ?
there are infinitely many primes , as demonstrated by euclid around 300 bc . <SEP> how many prime numbers ?
fire and explosion hazards exist when concentrated oxidants and fuels are brought into close proximity ; an ignition event , such as heat or a spark , is needed to trigger combustion . <SEP> what ?
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz . <SEP> what alumni ?
his work in the formative years of electric power development was involved in a corporate alternating current/direct current " war of currents " as well as various patent battles . <SEP> what '' war '' ?
the first recorded settlement in what is now newcastle was pons aelius , a roman fort and bridge across the river tyne . <SEP> what river ?
the private education student financial assistance is made available to underprivileged , but deserving high school graduates , who wish to pursue college/technical education in private colleges and universities . <SEP> what aid ?
the south african schools act of 1996 recognises two categories of schools : " public " ( state-controlled ) and " independent " ( which includes traditional private schools and schools which are privately governed [ clarification needed ] . ) <SEP> in what year ?
mongol armies pushed into persia , finished off the western xia and the remnants of the khwarezmids , and came into conflict with the imperial song dynasty of china , starting a war that lasted until 1279 and that concluded with the mongols gaining control of all of china . <SEP> what year ?
mnemiopsis populations in those areas were eventually brought under control by the accidental introduction of the mnemiopsis-eating north american ctenophore beroe ovata , and by a cooling of the local climate from 1991 to 1993 , which significantly slowed the animal 's metabolism . <SEP> how ?
fire and explosion hazards exist when concentrated oxidants and fuels are brought into close proximity ; an ignition event , such as heat or a spark , is needed to trigger combustion . <SEP> what ?
in 1999 , the times added a newer county—imperial—to that list . <SEP> what ?
this rapid development was no doubt hastened by the fresno traction company right-of-way along huntington boulevard , which provided streetcar connections between downtown and the county hospital . <SEP> which company ?
the years of struggle with rome , the antagonisms with and among his fellow reformers , and the scandal which ensued from the bigamy of the philip of hesse incident , in which luther had played a leading role , all may have contributed . <SEP> besides the arguments with rome and his own fellow reformers , what scandal ?
general relativity offers an equivalence between space-time and mass , but lacking a coherent theory of quantum gravity , it is unclear as to how or whether this connection is relevant on microscales . <SEP> what ?
late outbreaks in central europe included the italian plague of 1629–1631 , which is associated with troop movements during the thirty years ' war , and the great plague of vienna in 1679. over 60 % of norway 's population died in 1348–50 . <SEP> which outbreak ?
the only thing captured in the image was the metal locking screw on the camera lens . <SEP> when ?
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell . <SEP> which ?
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict . <SEP> 
the ipcc fourth assessment report ( ar4 ) published in 2007 featured a graph showing 12 proxy based temperature reconstructions , including the three highlighted in the 2001 third assessment report ( tar ) ; mann , bradley & hughes 1999 as before , jones et al . <SEP> when ?
among the most well-known experiments in structural geology are those involving orogenic wedges , which are zones in which mountains are built along convergent tectonic plate boundaries . <SEP> in which ?
they arranged for israel to pull back from the sinai peninsula and the golan heights . <SEP> how ?
however , kgo-tv in san francisco , which had received its license prior to the freeze , made its debut on may 5 , 1949. on may 7 , 1949 , billboard revealed that abc had proposed an investment of $ 6.25 million , of which it would spend $ 2.5 million to convert 20 acres ( 80,937 m2 ) of land in hollywood into what would become the prospect studios , and construct a transmitter on mount wilson , in anticipation of the launch of keca-tv , which was scheduled to begin operations on august 1 ( but would not actually sign on until september 16 ) . <SEP> that ?
this local-global principle again underlines the importance of primes to number theory . <SEP> what ?
[ citation needed ] it may be possible that another kuznets ' cycle is occurring , specifically the move from the manufacturing sector to the service sector . <SEP> in what sector ?
what all these models have in common is that the machines operate deterministically . <SEP> what commonality ?
mercury/gemini veteran wally schirra , eisele , and rookie walter cunningham were announced on september 29 as the prime crew for as-205 . <SEP> what crew ?
the neighborhood has very little retail activity , aside from the area near fresno street and state route 99 freeway ( kearney palm shopping center , built in the late 1990s ) and small corner markets scattered throughout . <SEP> how much retail activity ?
in 2009 , harvard offered grants totaling $ 414 million across all eleven divisions ; [ further explanation needed ] $ 340 million came from institutional funds , $ 35 million from federal support , and $ 39 million from other outside support . <SEP> what ?
much of the work of the scottish parliament is done in committee . <SEP> where ?
the mathematician zhu shijie ( 1249–1314 ) solved simultaneous equations with up to four unknowns using a rectangular array of coefficients , equivalent to modern matrices . <SEP> what modern math concept ?
the american broadcasting company ( abc ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) is an american commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the disney–abc television group , a subsidiary of disney media networks division of the walt disney company . <SEP> what company ?
they ultimately decided to switch to german in protest against the occupation of prussia by napoleon in 1806-07. many of their descendents rose to positions of prominence . <SEP> what years ?
the tax collector who arrested him rose to higher political office , and thoreau 's essay was not published until after the end of the mexican war . <SEP> what position ?
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> what ?
as of march 2015 [ update ] , it had control over territory occupied by ten million people in iraq and syria , and has nominal control over small areas of libya , nigeria and afghanistan . <SEP> how many people ?
ironmaster , metallurgist , and member of parliament isaac lowthian bell was born in the city in 1816. other notable people born in or associated with newcastle include : engineer and industrialist lord armstrong , engineer and father of the modern steam railways george stephenson , his son , also an engineer , robert stephenson , engineer and inventor of the steam turbine sir charles parsons , inventor of the incandescent light bulb sir joseph swan , modernist poet basil bunting , and lord chief justice peter taylor . <SEP> what ?
this region includes territory belonging to nine nations . <SEP> how many nations ?
however he can not do so until a 4-week period has elapsed , during which the law officers of the scottish government or uk government can refer the bill to the supreme court of the united kingdom for a ruling on whether it is within the powers of the parliament . <SEP> what ?
the merger was suspended , and a complaint was filed by the department of justice in july 1967 , with itt going to trial in october 1967 ; the merger was officially canceled after the trial 's conclusion on january 1 , 1968 . <SEP> when ?
one of the tangut generals challenged the mongols to a battle near helan mountains but was defeated . <SEP> who ?
they killed many of the canadians , including their commanding officer , joseph coulon de jumonville , whose head was reportedly split open by tanaghrisson with a tomahawk . <SEP> what ?
the poor and the middle class matter the most for growth via a number of interrelated economic , social , and political channels . " <SEP> who ?
22 % of gdp still comes from the unreliable agricultural sector which employs 75 % of the labour force ( a consistent characteristic of under-developed economies that have not attained food security – an important catalyst of economic growth ) a small portion of the population relies on food aid . <SEP> what ?
in 1957 , just before the television network began its first color broadcasts , the abc logo consisted of a tiny lowercase " abc " in the center of a large lowercase letter a , a design known as the " abc circle a " . <SEP> when ?
of particular concern with internet pharmacies is the ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship . <SEP> what ?
civil disobedience is usually defined as pertaining to a citizen 's relation to the state and its laws , as distinguished from a constitutional impasse in which two public agencies , especially two equally sovereign branches of government , conflict . <SEP> how ?
residential construction practices , technologies , and resources must conform to local building authority regulations and codes of practice . <SEP> 
antigen specificity allows for the generation of responses that are tailored to specific pathogens or pathogen-infected cells . <SEP> that ?
in 1273 , the mongols created the imperial library directorate , a government-sponsored printing office . <SEP> when ?
customers that do not subscribe to bskyb 's channels can still pay a monthly fee to enable sky+ functions . <SEP> what ?
warfare and the long occupation left the city disrupted after the war . <SEP> what factors ?
the network has an estimated national reach of 96.26 % of all households in the united states ( or 300,794,157 americans with at least one television set ) . <SEP> what percentage of american households ?
abc 's western series ( as well as series such as the actioner zorro ) went up against and defeated the variety shows aired by nbc and cbs in the fall of 1957 , and its detective shows did the same in the fall of 1959. to captivate the network 's audiences , short 66-minute series were scheduled a half-hour before their hour-long competition . <SEP> what kind of shows ?
the module was 11.42 feet ( 3.48 m ) tall , 12.83 feet ( 3.91 m ) in diameter , and weighed approximately 12,250 pounds ( 5,560 kg ) . <SEP> how much ?
there are eleven lea-funded 11 to 18 schools and seven independent schools with sixth forms in newcastle . <SEP> how many lea-funded 11 to 18 schools ?
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise . <SEP> what cruise line ?
in primary schools each class has a teacher who stays with them for most of the week and will teach them the whole curriculum . <SEP> what ?
the largest and southern main branch begins as waal and continues as boven merwede ( " upper merwede " ) , beneden merwede ( " lower merwede " ) , noord river ( " north river " ) , nieuwe maas ( " new meuse " ) , het scheur ( " the rip " ) and nieuwe waterweg ( " new waterway " ) . <SEP> what ?
the 1971 film get carter was shot on location in and around newcastle and offers an opportunity to see what newcastle looked like in the 1960s and early 1970s . <SEP> what 1971 film ?
in the mid-1950s , frank burnet , inspired by a suggestion made by niels jerne , formulated the clonal selection theory ( cst ) of immunity . <SEP> who ?
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california . <SEP> what day ?
this " gentlemen 's agreement " between sadat and islamists broke down in 1975 but not before islamists came to completely dominate university student unions . <SEP> when ?
later that same year , during 1983 's 20th anniversary special the five doctors , the first doctor enquires as to the fifth doctor 's regeneration ; when the fifth doctor confirms " fourth " , the first doctor excitedly replies " goodness me . <SEP> in what year ?
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner . <SEP> what harvard alumni ?
[ citation needed ] this implies that it may be possible for multiple kuznets ' cycles to be in effect at any given time . <SEP> what ?
with such a small force , the invading mongols were forced to change strategies and resort to inciting internal revolt among kuchlug 's supporters , leaving the qara khitai more vulnerable to mongol conquest . <SEP> what strategy ?
the block ii crew positions were titled commander ( cdr ) command module pilot ( cmp ) and lunar module pilot ( lmp ) . <SEP> what ?
ludwig krapf recorded the name as both kenia and kegnia believed by most to be a corruption of the kamba version . <SEP> 
luther objected to a saying attributed to johann tetzel that " as soon as the coin in the coffer rings , the soul from purgatory ( also attested as 'into heaven ' ) springs . " <SEP> 
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals . <SEP> how many teams ?
he produced artificial lightning , with discharges consisting of millions of volts and up to 135 feet long . <SEP> how big ?
victoria produced in the decade 1851–1860 20 million ounces of gold , one third of the world 's output [ citation needed ] . <SEP> how much gold ?
short clips from every story with the exception of marco polo , " mission to the unknown " and the massacre of st bartholomew 's eve also exist . <SEP> what ?
they then beat the defending super bowl xlix champion new england patriots in the afc championship game , 20–18 , by intercepting a pass on new england 's 2-point conversion attempt with 17 seconds left on the clock . <SEP> who ?
victoria is australia 's most densely populated state and its second-most populous state overall . <SEP> how ?
this meant that high tide formed a serious risk because strong tidal currents could tear huge areas of land into the sea . <SEP> what ?
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game . <SEP> how many points ?
when he arrived in albany , abercrombie refused to take any significant actions until loudoun approved them . <SEP> who ?
warsaw 's name in the polish language is warszawa , approximately /vɑːrˈʃɑːvə/ ( also formerly spelled warszewa and warszowa ) , meaning " belonging to warsz " , warsz being a shortened form of the masculine name of slavic origin warcisław ; see also etymology of wrocław . <SEP> what ?
contiguous land empires such as the russian or ottoman are generally excluded from discussions of colonialism . <SEP> who besides the russians ?
article 65 of the agreement banned cartels and article 66 made provisions for concentrations , or mergers , and the abuse of a dominant position by companies . <SEP> which article ?
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> how many teams ?
in the 9th , it formed part of the border between middle and western francia , but in the 10th century , it was fully within the holy roman empire , flowing through swabia , franconia and lower lorraine . <SEP> when ?
students who had enthusiastic teachers tend to rate them higher than teachers who did n't show much enthusiasm for the course materials . <SEP> how ?
these folds can either be those where the material in the center of the fold buckles upwards , creating " antiforms " , or where it buckles downwards , creating " synforms " . <SEP> when ?
there were tax exemptions for religious figures and , to some extent , teachers and doctors . <SEP> what perk ?
because of its unpaired electrons , triplet oxygen reacts only slowly with most organic molecules , which have paired electron spins ; this prevents spontaneous combustion . <SEP> what ?
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney . <SEP> what name ?
the german invasion in 1939 , the massacre of the jewish population and deportations to concentration camps led to the uprising in the warsaw ghetto in 1943 and to the major and devastating warsaw uprising between august and october 1944. warsaw gained the title of the " phoenix city " because it has survived many wars , conflicts and invasions throughout its long history . <SEP> why ?
kennedy 's science advisor jerome wiesner , who had expressed his opposition to manned spaceflight to kennedy before the president took office , and had opposed the decision to land men on the moon , hired golovin , who had left nasa , to chair his own " space vehicle panel " , ostensibly to monitor , but actually to second-guess nasa 's decisions on the saturn v launch vehicle and lor by forcing shea , seamans , and even webb to defend themselves , delaying its formal announcement to the press on july 11 , 1962 , and forcing webb to still hedge the decision as " tentative " . <SEP> where ?
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters . <SEP> who ?
fulton street in downtown fresno was fresno 's main financial and commercial district before being converted into one of the nation 's first pedestrian malls in 1964. renamed the fulton mall , the area contains the densest collection of historic buildings in fresno . <SEP> in what year ?
a 2012 study found that teachers experienced double the rate of anxiety , depression , and stress than average workers . <SEP> 
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> how many ?
because article 30 clearly , unconditionally and immediately stated that no quantitative restrictions could be placed on trade , without a good justification , van gend en loos could recover the money it paid for the tariff . <SEP> which tefu article ?
the 2012 act conferred further fiscal devolution including borrowing powers and some other unconnected matters such as setting speed limits and control of air guns . <SEP> which ?
rugby is also a growing sport in southern california , particularly at the high school level , with increasing numbers of schools adding rugby as an official school sport . <SEP> what ?
as of august 2010 , victoria had 1,548 public schools , 489 catholic schools and 214 independent schools . <SEP> how many catholic schools ?
in may 2012 , the united methodist church entered into full communion with the african methodist episcopal church , african methodist episcopal zion church , african union methodist protestant church , christian methodist episcopal church , and union american methodist episcopal church , in which these churches agreed to " recognize each other 's churches , share sacraments , and affirm their clergy and ministries . " <SEP> when ?
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " . <SEP> how many coordinating lead authors ?
in confirmation and membership preparation classes , students learn about church and the methodist-christian theological tradition in order to profess their ultimate faith in christ . <SEP> how ?
as of march 2015 [ update ] , abc has eight owned-and-operated stations , and current and pending affiliation agreements with 235 additional television stations encompassing 49 states , the district of columbia , four u.s. possessions , bermuda and saba ; this makes abc the largest u.s. broadcast television network by total number of affiliates . <SEP> how many stations ?
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier . <SEP> what ?
following the nice treaty , there was an attempt to reform the constitutional law of the european union and make it more transparent ; this would have also produced a single constitutional document . <SEP> when ?
jimmy creech was defrocked after a highly publicized church trial in 1999 on account of his participation in same-sex union ceremonies . <SEP> in what year ?
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities . <SEP> what ?
the failure to renew the existing carriage agreements negotiated with ntl and telewest resulted in virgin media removing the basic channels from the network on 1 march 2007. virgin media claimed that bskyb had substantially increased the asking price for the channels , a claim which bskyb denied , on the basis that their new deal offered " substantially more value " by including hd channels and video on demand content which was not previously carried by cable . <SEP> what channels ?
van gend en loos , a postal company , claimed that what is now tfeu article 30 prevented the dutch customs authorities charging tariffs , when it imported urea-formaldehyde plastics from germany to the netherlands . <SEP> what type of company ?
the first manned flight of apollo was in 1968 . <SEP> what year ?
the first minister or members of the cabinet can deliver statements to parliament upon which msps are invited to question . <SEP> who ?
the justification for this is that a lack of education leads directly to lower incomes , and thus lower aggregate savings and investment . <SEP> what ?
the central garden was redesigned by kim wilkie and opened as the john madejski garden , on 5 july 2005. the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an elliptical water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be drained to use the area for receptions , gatherings or exhibition purposes . <SEP> what new moniker ?
the e. w. scripps company is the largest operator of abc stations in terms of overall market reach , owning 15 abc-affiliated stations ( including affiliates in larger markets such as cleveland , phoenix , detroit and denver ) , and through its ownership of phoenix affiliate knxv , las vegas affiliate ktnv-tv and tucson affiliate kgun-tv , the only provider of abc programming for the majority of arizona ( outside of the yuma-el centro market ) and southern nevada . <SEP> how many abc affiliates ?
the most famous traveler of the period was the venetian marco polo , whose account of his trip to " cambaluc , " the capital of the great khan , and of life there astounded the people of europe . <SEP> what ?
according to the cellular theory of immunity , represented in particular by elie metchnikoff , it was cells – more precisely , phagocytes – that were responsible for immune responses . <SEP> who ?
at the destination , the original message/data is reassembled in the correct order , based on the packet sequence number . <SEP> what ?
a rudimentary steam turbine device was described by taqi al-din in 1551 and by giovanni branca in 1629. jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont received patents in 1606 for fifty steam powered inventions , including a water pump for draining inundated mines . <SEP> who ?
for example , the truth , justice and reconciliation commission initiated community dialogues , the evangelical lutheran church in kenya started peace meetings and the kenya national dialogue and reconciliation process was started . <SEP> what group ?
the network also struggled to establish new comedies to support the previous year 's debuts , with only late-season premiere happy endings earning a second season . <SEP> what ?
at about 180 mbp , in the jurassic period , the two plates reversed direction and began to compress the tethys floor , causing it to be subducted under eurasia and pushing up the edge of the latter plate in the alpine orogeny of the oligocene and miocene periods . <SEP> what period ?
the centre refreshment room 1865–77 was designed in a renaissance style by james gamble , the walls and even the ionic columns are covered in decorative and moulded ceramic tile , the ceiling consists of elaborate designs on enamelled metal sheets and matching stained-glass windows , the marble fireplace was designed and sculpted by alfred stevens and was removed from dorchester house prior to that building 's demolition in 1929. the grill room 1876–81 was designed by sir edward poynter , the lower part of the walls consist of blue and white tiles with various figures and foliage enclosed by wood panelling , above there are large tiled scenes with figures depicting the four seasons and the twelve months these were painted by ladies from the art school then based in the museum , the windows are also stained glass , there is an elaborate cast-iron grill still in place . <SEP> who ?
kublai 's government after 1262 was a compromise between preserving mongol interests in china and satisfying the demands of his chinese subjects . <SEP> what ?
however , even in this case , bskyb does not carry any control over the channel 's content or carriage issues such as picture quality . <SEP> 
all clergy appointments are made and fixed annually by the resident bishop on the advice of the annual conference cabinet , which is composed of the area provost/dean ( if one is appointed ) and the several district superintendents of the districts of the annual conference . <SEP> what ?
other prominent alumni include anthropologists david graeber and donald johanson , who is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as " lucy " in the afar triangle region , psychologist john b. watson , american psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , communication theorist harold innis , chess grandmaster samuel reshevsky , and conservative international relations scholar and white house coordinator of security planning for the national security council samuel p. huntington . <SEP> what chess grandmaster ?
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible . <SEP> what position ?
however , in october 2007 , the court of justice ruled that the commission could not propose what the criminal sanctions could be , only that there must be some . <SEP> when ?
on december 28 , 2015 , espn deportes announced that they had reached an agreement with cbs and the nfl to be the exclusive spanish-language broadcaster of the game , marking the third dedicated spanish-language broadcast of the super bowl . <SEP> who ?
its architect was civil engineer captain francis fowke , royal engineers , who was appointed by cole . <SEP> who ?
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union . <SEP> what campaign ?
fertilization is external in most species , but platyctenids use internal fertilization and keep the eggs in brood chambers until they hatch . <SEP> 
newcastlegateshead , a festival of food and drink , runs for 2 weeks each year in mid june . <SEP> how many weeks each year ?
building on vaudreuil 's work harassing the oswego garrison , montcalm executed a strategic feint by moving his headquarters to ticonderoga , as if to presage another attack along lake george . <SEP> where ?
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts . <SEP> who ?
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study . <SEP> what city ?
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system . <SEP> when ?
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden . <SEP> what show ?
the harvard university library system is centered in widener library in harvard yard and comprises nearly 80 individual libraries holding over 18 million volumes . <SEP> how many total volumes ?
in 1862 , the tesla family moved to gospić , austrian empire , where tesla 's father worked as a pastor . <SEP> in what year ?
other scholars argue that , even if his views were merely anti-judaic—that is , opposed to judaism and its adherence rather than the jews as an ethnic group—their violence lent a new element to the standard christian suspicion of judaism . <SEP> 
this suggests the eu 's legitimacy rests on the ultimate authority of member states , its factual commitment to human rights , and the democratic will of the people . <SEP> what ?
near sankt goarshausen , the rhine flows around the famous rock lorelei . <SEP> where ?
montcalm focused his meager resources on the defense of the st. lawrence , with primary defenses at carillon , quebec , and louisbourg , while vaudreuil argued unsuccessfully for a continuation of the raiding tactics that had worked quite effectively in previous years . <SEP> where ?
by the 15th-century , portuguese voyager duarte barbosa claimed that " mombasa is a place of great traffic and has a good harbour in which there are always moored small craft of many kinds and also great ships , both of which are bound from sofala and others which come from cambay and melinde and others which sail to the island of zanzibar . " <SEP> what voyager ?
in may , newcastle and gateshead host the evolution festival , a music festival held on the newcastle and gateshead quaysides over the spring bank holiday , with performances by acts from the world of rock , indie and dance music . <SEP> when ?
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city . <SEP> who ?
the time and space hierarchy theorems form the basis for most separation results of complexity classes . <SEP> what ?
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles . <SEP> what ?
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks . <SEP> what company ?
article 65 of the agreement banned cartels and article 66 made provisions for concentrations , or mergers , and the abuse of a dominant position by companies . <SEP> what ?
oxygen is used in cellular respiration and released by photosynthesis , which uses the energy of sunlight to produce oxygen from water . <SEP> what life process ?
the young are generally planktonic and in most species look like miniature cydippids , gradually changing into their adult shapes as they grow . <SEP> what ?
the saturn ib was an upgraded version of the saturn i. the s-ib first stage increased the thrust to 1,600,000 pounds-force ( 7,120 kn ) , and the second stage replaced the s-iv with the s-ivb-200 , powered by a single j-2 engine burning liquid hydrogen fuel with lox , to produce 200,000 lbf ( 890 kn ) of thrust . <SEP> how much ?
farms established during the 1960s were based on crop cultivation and the slash and burn method . <SEP> what method ?
official photographs and television interviews were held in the courtyard adjoining the assembly hall , which is part of the school of divinity of the university of edinburgh . <SEP> where ?
a pharmacy technician in the uk is considered a health care professional and often does not work under the direct supervision of a pharmacist ( if employed in a hospital pharmacy ) but instead is supervised and managed by other senior pharmacy technicians . <SEP> what type of professional ?
many families , today mostly afrikaans-speaking , have surnames indicating their french huguenot ancestry . <SEP> what characteristic ?
about 0.9 % of the sun 's mass is oxygen . <SEP> how much of the sun ?
kenya is known for its safaris , diverse climate and geography , and expansive wildlife reserves and national parks such as the east and west tsavo national park , the maasai mara , lake nakuru national park , and aberdares national park . <SEP> what ?
the fucoxanthin dinophyte lineages ( including karlodinium and karenia ) lost their original red algal derived chloroplast , and replaced it with a new chloroplast derived from a haptophyte endosymbiont . <SEP> what lineage ?
maududi also believed that muslim society could not be islamic without sharia , and islam required the establishment of an islamic state . <SEP> what ?
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america . <SEP> what rainforest ?
archeologist betty meggers was a prominent proponent of this idea , as described in her book amazonia : man and culture in a counterfeit paradise . <SEP> in what book ?
although the traditional chinese elite were not given their share of power , the mongols and the semuren ( various allied groups from central asia and the western end of the empire ) largely remained strangers to the mainstream chinese culture , and this dichotomy gave the yuan regime a somewhat strong " colonial " coloration . <SEP> how ?
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) . <SEP> how many bits ?
the costume collection is the most comprehensive in britain , containing over 14,000 outfits plus accessories , mainly dating from 1600 to the present . <SEP> approximately how many items ?
many faults are able to produce a magnitude 6.7+ earthquake , such as the san andreas fault , which can produce a magnitude 8.0 event . <SEP> what magnitude of earthquake ?
the element is found in almost all biomolecules that are important to ( or generated by ) life . <SEP> in what type of molecules ?
from 2006 garda vetting has been introduced for new entrants to the teaching profession . <SEP> who ?
a computational problem can be viewed as an infinite collection of instances together with a solution for every instance . <SEP> what ?
even before the edict of alès ( 1629 ) , protestant rule was dead and the ville de sûreté was no more . <SEP> when ?
this was the first fumble return touchdown in a super bowl since super bowl xxviii at the end of the 1993 season . <SEP> what super bowl ?
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl . <SEP> what ?
in 1186 , temüjin was elected khan of the mongols . <SEP> when ?
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir . <SEP> what modern city ?
but snow is very rare in the southwest of the state , it occurs on the southeast of the state . <SEP> how frequent ?
tesla went on to pursue his ideas of wireless lighting and electricity distribution in his high-voltage , high-frequency power experiments in new york and colorado springs , and made early ( 1893 ) pronouncements on the possibility of wireless communication with his devices . <SEP> when ?
it is generally agreed within the legal community , and is often believed within the activist community , that a suspect 's talking to criminal investigators can serve no useful purpose , and may be harmful . <SEP> what ?
its counties of los angeles , orange , san diego , san bernardino , and riverside are the five most populous in the state and all are in the top 15 most populous counties in the united states . <SEP> 
one of its earliest massive implementations was brought about by egyptians against the british occupation in the 1919 revolution . <SEP> who ?
historically , forces were first quantitatively investigated in conditions of static equilibrium where several forces canceled each other out . <SEP> in what ?
the establishment of the german colonial empire proceeded smoothly , starting with german new guinea in 1884 . <SEP> what ?
the usgs has released a california earthquake forecast which models earthquake occurrence in california . <SEP> what ?
[ note 6 ] in 1978 a disco version of the theme was released in the uk , denmark and australia by the group mankind , which reached number 24 in the uk charts . <SEP> who ?
in the course of the polish-bolshevik war of 1920 , the huge battle of warsaw was fought on the eastern outskirts of the city in which the capital was successfully defended and the red army defeated . <SEP> what army ?
möngke khan commenced a military campaign against the chinese song dynasty in southern china . <SEP> who ?
a 2012 article placed this childhood juxtaposition of fear and thrill " at the center of many people 's relationship with the show " , and a 2011 online vote at digital spy deemed the series the " scariest tv show of all time " . <SEP> what ?
this relationship eventually produced closer ties of blood through the marriage of emma , sister of duke richard ii of normandy , and king ethelred ii of england . <SEP> who ?
in total there are 352 votes , but for most acts there must be a qualified majority vote , if not consensus . <SEP> what ?
at deshun , the tangut general ma jianlong put up a fierce resistance for several days and personally led charges against the invaders outside the city gate . <SEP> who ?
gandhi 's acts have been described as revolutionary civil disobedience . <SEP> what ?
in england , the period of norman architecture immediately succeeds that of the anglo-saxon and precedes the early gothic . <SEP> what architecture type ?
steven r. ward wrote that " overall , the mongol violence and depredations killed up to three-fourths of the population of the iranian plateau , possibly 10 to 15 million people . <SEP> how many people ?
his friends thought that he had drowned in the mur river . <SEP> what ?
in the march battle of fort bull , french forces destroyed the fort and large quantities of supplies , including 45,000 pounds of gunpowder . <SEP> how much gun powder ?
there is a strong presence of border reiver surnames , such as armstrong , charlton , elliot , johnstone , kerr , hall , nixon , little and robson . <SEP> what type of surnames ?
the chloroplast peripheral reticulum consists of a maze of membranous tubes and vesicles continuous with the inner chloroplast membrane that extends into the internal stromal fluid of the chloroplast . <SEP> what ?
it was worth $ 32 billion in 2011 , up from $ 28 billion in september 2010 and $ 26 billion in 2009. it suffered about 30 % loss in 2008-09. in december 2008 , harvard announced that its endowment had lost 22 % ( approximately $ 8 billion ) from july to october 2008 , necessitating budget cuts . <SEP> how great ?
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service . <SEP> what cellular carrier ?
muhammad ibn zakarīya rāzi ( rhazes ) ( 865–915 ) , for instance , acted to promote the medical uses of chemical compounds . <SEP> who ?
( lake baikal and ocean were called tenggis by the mongols . <SEP> which massive lake ?
the chloroplast is known to make the precursors to methionine but it is unclear whether the organelle carries out the last leg of the pathway or if it happens in the cytosol . <SEP> what ?
one square millimeter of leaf tissue can contain half a million chloroplasts . <SEP> how many chloroplasts ?
over 60 schools converted to become national type schools . <SEP> how many ?
newcastle store bainbridge 's , opened in 1838 , is often cited as the world ’ s first department store . <SEP> what department store ?
the tuition fee supplement is geared to students enrolled in priority courses in post-secondary and non-degree programmes , including vocational and technical courses . <SEP> what stipend ?
like the helicosproidia , they 're parasitic , and have a nonphotosynthetic chloroplast . <SEP> what ?
he distinguished between the innate tendency of objects to find their " natural place " ( e.g. , for heavy bodies to fall ) , which led to " natural motion " , and unnatural or forced motion , which required continued application of a force . <SEP> what ?
the final major evolution of the steam engine design was the use of steam turbines starting in the late part of the 19th century . <SEP> in what part of the 19th century ?
it is a theoretical device that manipulates symbols contained on a strip of tape . <SEP> what ?
it had significantly eased trade and commerce across asia until its decline ; the communications between yuan dynasty and its ally and subordinate in persia , the ilkhanate , encouraged this development . <SEP> what ?
the river now flows north as upper rhine through the upper rhine plain , which is about 300 km long and up to 40 km wide . <SEP> how wide ?
the ceremonial walk to the church and the wedding banquet were left out , and were made up two weeks later on 27 june . <SEP> what else ?
on august 30 , a feasibility study competition was announced , and on october 25 , three study contracts were awarded to general dynamics/convair , general electric , and the glenn l. martin company . <SEP> how many study ?
roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players also opened nearby in 1978 , [ citation needed ] at olive and wishon avenues . fresno native audra mcdonald performed in the leading roles of evita and the wiz at the theater while she was a high school student . <SEP> where ?
when guglielmo marconi made his famous first-ever transatlantic radio transmission in 1901 , tesla quipped that it was done with 17 tesla patents , though there is little to support this claim . <SEP> when ?
the san bernardino-riverside area maintains the business districts of downtown san bernardino , hospitality business/financial centre , university town which are in san bernardino and downtown riverside . <SEP> what ?
before this election , the ipcc was led by his vice-chair ismail el gizouli , who was designated acting chair after the resignation of rajendra k. pachauri in february 2015. the previous chairs were rajendra k. pachauri , elected in may 2002 ; robert watson in 1997 ; and bert bolin in 1988. the chair is assisted by an elected bureau including vice-chairs , working group co-chairs , and a secretariat . <SEP> who ?
in 1784 , after unsuccessful attempts to have the church of england send a bishop to start a new church in the colonies , wesley decisively appointed fellow priest thomas coke as superintendent ( bishop ) to organize a separate methodist society . <SEP> who ?
in response to demands for a german liturgy , luther wrote a german mass , which he published in early 1526. he did not intend it as a replacement for his 1523 adaptation of the latin mass but as an alternative for the " simple people " , a " public stimulation for people to believe and become christians . " <SEP> for whom ?
the trout river , a major tributary of the st. johns river , is located entirely within jacksonville . <SEP> what ?
nathan alterman , the israeli poet , was born in warsaw , as was moshe vilenski , the israeli composer , lyricist , and pianist , who studied music at the warsaw conservatory . <SEP> what profession ?
the treaty of versailles and this particular provision , in general , caused much resentment in germany and is often cited as helping adolf hitler 's rise to power . <SEP> what ?
antimicrobial peptides called defensins are an evolutionarily conserved component of the innate immune response found in all animals and plants , and represent the main form of invertebrate systemic immunity . <SEP> what ?
however , decnet phase ii ( and later ) were open standards with published specifications , and several implementations were developed outside dec , including one for linux . <SEP> what ?
in accordance with his father 's wishes , luther enrolled in law school at the same university that year but dropped out almost immediately , believing that law represented uncertainty . <SEP> what educational study ?
within the genitourinary and gastrointestinal tracts , commensal flora serve as biological barriers by competing with pathogenic bacteria for food and space and , in some cases , by changing the conditions in their environment , such as ph or available iron . <SEP> what ?
martin parry , a climate expert who had been co-chair of the ipcc working group ii , said that " what began with a single unfortunate error over himalayan glaciers has become a clamour without substance " and the ipcc had investigated the other alleged mistakes , which were " generally unfounded and also marginal to the assessment " . <SEP> what ?
baptized members are those who have been baptized as an infant or child , but who have not subsequently professed their own faith . <SEP> what ?
kenya obtained independence in december 1963. following a referendum in august 2010 and adoption of a new constitution , kenya is now divided into 47 semi-autonomous counties , governed by elected governors . <SEP> when ?
they were powered by air pressure pushing a piston into the partial vacuum generated by condensing steam , instead of the pressure of expanding steam . <SEP> what ?
however , the earliest surviving records of the explicit study of prime numbers come from the ancient greeks . <SEP> what civilization ?
oxygen is also stored and shipped in smaller cylinders containing the compressed gas ; a form that is useful in certain portable medical applications and oxy-fuel welding and cutting . <SEP> in what form ?
there also have been reports of such pharmacies dispensing substandard products . <SEP> what ?
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls . <SEP> when ?
maududi founded the jamaat-e-islami party in 1941 and remained its leader until 1972. however , maududi had much more impact through his writing than through his political organising . <SEP> when ?
sir charles lyell first published his famous book , principles of geology , in 1830. this book , which influenced the thought of charles darwin , successfully promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism . <SEP> 
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> what ?
john wesley originally called this experience the new birth . <SEP> what ?
in the early 1990s the memory of genghis khan with the mongolian national identity has had a powerful revival partly because of his perception during the mongolian people 's republic period . <SEP> what recent decade ?
type i hypersensitivity is mediated by ige , which triggers degranulation of mast cells and basophils when cross-linked by antigen . <SEP> what ?
the world watched annan and his un-backed panel and african union chairman jakaya kikwete as they brought together the former rivals to the signing ceremony , beamed live on national tv from the steps of nairobi 's harambee house . <SEP> where ?
this was a general assembly of the estates of the holy roman empire that took place in worms , a town on the rhine . <SEP> of what ?
the confederation of the rhine was established by napoleon , as a french client state , in 1806 and lasted until 1814 , during which time it served as a significant source of resources and military manpower for the first french empire . <SEP> when ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> who ?
the apicomplexans include plasmodium , the malaria parasite . <SEP> what ?
in 1870 , tesla moved to karlovac , to attend school at the higher real gymnasium , where he was profoundly influenced by a math teacher martin sekulić . <SEP> when ?
on december 7 , 2005 , abc sports and espn signed an eight-year broadcast rights agreement with nascar , allowing abc and espn to broadcast 17 nextel cup races each season ( comprising just over half of the 36 races held annually ) effective with the 2006 season . <SEP> who ?
in particular , the set of problems that are hard for np is the set of np-hard problems . <SEP> 
some are simultaneous hermaphrodites , which can produce both eggs and sperm at the same time . <SEP> what ?
prime ideals , which generalize prime elements in the sense that the principal ideal generated by a prime element is a prime ideal , are an important tool and object of study in commutative algebra , algebraic number theory and algebraic geometry . <SEP> what type of number theory ?
a contract is the exchange of a set of obligations between two or more parties , but it is not so simple a matter as trying to get the other side to agree to as much as possible in exchange for as little as possible . <SEP> what ?
tesla exhibited a pre-atomic understanding of physics in his writings ; he disagreed with the theory of atoms being composed of smaller subatomic particles , stating there was no such thing as an electron creating an electric charge ( he believed that if electrons existed at all , they were some fourth state of matter or " sub-atom " that could only exist in an experimental vacuum and that they had nothing to do with electricity ) . <SEP> what subatomic particle ?
in cases of billable services , such as cellular communication services , circuit switching is characterized by a fee per unit of connection time , even when no data is transferred , while packet switching may be characterized by a fee per unit of information transmitted , such as characters , packets , or messages . <SEP> how ?
pyrenoids are roughly spherical and highly refractive bodies which are a site of starch accumulation in plants that contain them . <SEP> what ?
around 1294 , a french version of the scriptures was prepared by the roman catholic priest , guyard de moulin . <SEP> when ?
it was shown by ladner that if p ≠ np then there exist problems in np that are neither in p nor np-complete . <SEP> who ?
although by 1000 ce , the germanic conquest of central , western , and southern europe ( west of and including italy ) was complete , excluding only muslim iberia . <SEP> what ?
extra pay is also given for teaching through the irish language , in a gaeltacht area or on an island . <SEP> what ?
and still other civil disobedients , being anarchists , do n't believe in the legitimacy of any government , and therefore see no need to accept punishment for a violation of criminal law that does not infringe the rights of others . <SEP> what ?
originating as the jama'at al-tawhid wal-jihad in 1999 , it pledged allegiance to al-qaeda in 2004 , participated in the iraqi insurgency that followed the march 2003 invasion of iraq by western forces , joined the fight in the syrian civil war beginning in march 2011 , and was expelled from al-qaeda in early 2014 , ( which complained of its failure to consult and " notorious intransigence " ) . <SEP> when ?
likewise , a protestor who attempts to escape punishment by committing the crime covertly and avoiding attribution , or by denying having committed the crime , or by fleeing the jurisdiction , is generally viewed as not being a civil disobedient . <SEP> for what reason ?
a study by the world institute for development economics research at united nations university reports that the richest 1 % of adults alone owned 40 % of global assets in the year 2000. the three richest people in the world possess more financial assets than the lowest 48 nations combined . <SEP> what percent of the global assets in 2000 ?
overactive immune responses comprise the other end of immune dysfunction , particularly the autoimmune disorders . <SEP> what kind of disorders ?
the pound-force has a metric counterpart , less commonly used than the newton : the kilogram-force ( kgf ) ( sometimes kilopond ) , is the force exerted by standard gravity on one kilogram of mass . <SEP> what ?
the worst-case is when the input is sorted or sorted in reverse order , and the algorithm takes time o ( n2 ) for this case . <SEP> when ?
in the 1530s and 1540s , printed images of luther that emphasized his monumental size were crucial to the spread of protestantism . <SEP> what kind of images of luther ?
lake constance consists of three bodies of water : the obersee ( " upper lake " ) , the untersee ( " lower lake " ) , and a connecting stretch of the rhine , called the seerhein ( " lake rhine " ) . <SEP> how many bodies of water ?
under intense light , they will seek shelter by aligning in vertical columns along the plant cell 's cell wall or turning sideways so that light strikes them edge-on . <SEP> when ?
to date , at least 40,000 plant species , 2,200 fishes , 1,294 birds , 427 mammals , 428 amphibians , and 378 reptiles have been scientifically classified in the region . <SEP> how many plant species ?
when the methodists in america were separated from the church of england , john wesley himself provided a revised version of the book of common prayer called the sunday service of the methodists in north america . <SEP> 
in 1993 , for the franchise 's 30th anniversary , another charity special , titled dimensions in time was produced for children in need , featuring all of the surviving actors who played the doctor and a number of previous companions . <SEP> what charity ?
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 . <SEP> who ?
adults of various species range from a few millimeters to 1.5 m ( 4 ft 11 in ) in size . <SEP> how large ?
stairs from the riverside to higher parts of the city centre and the extant castle keep , originally recorded in the 14th century , remain intact in places . <SEP> what runs from the riverside ?
on 15 june 1520 , the pope warned luther with the papal bull ( edict ) exsurge domine that he risked excommunication unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings , including the 95 theses , within 60 days . <SEP> what ?
in the later 19th century , the increasing backlash against industrialization , led by john ruskin , contributed to the arts and crafts movement . <SEP> who ?
other big forest area is kabaty forest by the southern city border . <SEP> what forest ?
the " huguenot street historic district " in new paltz has been designated a national historic landmark site and contains the oldest street in the united states of america . <SEP> what huguenot area ?
as of 2015 , with costs estimated at £76 million , it is the most expensive gallery project ever undertaken in scotland . <SEP> what ?
even older rocks , such as the acasta gneiss of the slave craton in northwestern canada , the oldest known rock in the world have been metamorphosed to the point where their origin is undiscernable without laboratory analysis . <SEP> what ?
the country of australia serves as a case study in relation to british settlement and colonial rule of the continent in the eighteenth century , as it was premised on terra nullius , and its settlers considered it unused by its sparse aboriginal inhabitants . <SEP> when ?
imperialism is " a policy of extending a country 's power and influence through colonization , use of military force , or other means " . <SEP> by what ?
the political unity of china and much of central asia promoted trade between east and west . <SEP> 
an etioplast is a plastid that lacks chlorophyll , and has inner membrane invaginations that form a lattice of tubes in their stroma , called a prolamellar body . <SEP> what ?
some elements of the brotherhood , though perhaps against orders , did engage in violence against the government , and its founder al-banna was assassinated in 1949 in retaliation for the assassination of egypt 's premier mahmud fami naqrashi three months earlier . <SEP> who ?
it offered a classic curriculum on the english university model—​​many leaders in the colony had attended the university of cambridge—​​but conformed puritanism . it was never affiliated with any particular denomination , but many of its earliest graduates went on to become clergymen in congregational and unitarian churches . <SEP> 
the oldest existing armed seal of warsaw is from the year 1390 , consisting of a round seal bordered with the latin inscription sigilium civitatis varsoviensis ( seal of the city of warsaw ) . <SEP> when ?
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) . <SEP> who ?
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003. other lesser known groups include the islamic liberation party , salvation from hell and takfir wal-hijra , and these groups have variously been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures , arson of video shops and attempted takeovers of government buildings . <SEP> how ?
clearly , some tumors evade the immune system and go on to become cancers . <SEP> that ?
the first direct elections for native kenyans to the legislative council took place in 1957. despite british hopes of handing power to " moderate " local rivals , it was the kenya african national union ( kanu ) of jomo kenyatta that formed a government . <SEP> when ?
the dynasty was established by kublai khan , yet he placed his grandfather genghis khan on the imperial records as the official founder of the dynasty as taizu . <SEP> who ?
the centre-left australian labor party ( alp ) , the centre-right liberal party of australia , the rural-based national party of australia , and the environmentalist australian greens are victoria 's main political parties . <SEP> which party ?
the premier is the public face of government and , with cabinet , sets the legislative and political agenda . <SEP> who ?
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells . <SEP> what market other than harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings and brighton ?
it is said that they landed on the coastline peninsula of davenports neck called " bauffet 's point " after traveling from england where they had previously taken refuge on account of religious persecution , four years before the revocation of the edict of nantes . <SEP> where ?
genghis told chu'tsai , who was a lineal descendant of khitan rulers , that he had avenged chu'tsai 's forefathers . <SEP> who ?
for mobile applications steam has been largely superseded by internal combustion engines or electric motors . <SEP> what ?
for its part , abc was on the verge of bankruptcy , with only five owned-and-operated stations and nine full-time affiliates . <SEP> how many affiliates ?
the island archipelagos of orkney , shetland and the western isles comprise a much smaller number of electors , due to their dispersed population and distance from the scottish parliament in edinburgh . <SEP> why ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> how many touchdowns ?
in january 2010 bskyb discontinued the sky+ box , limited the standard sky box to multiroom upgrade only and started to issue the sky+hd box as standard , thus giving all new subscribers the functions of sky+ . <SEP> when ?
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 . <SEP> what ?
however , already in quantum mechanics there is one " caveat " , namely the particles acting onto each other do not only possess the spatial variable , but also a discrete intrinsic angular momentum-like variable called the " spin " , and there is the pauli principle relating the space and the spin variables . <SEP> what ?
it further contends that only a minority of the genetic material is kept in circular chromosomes while the rest is in branched , linear , or other complex structures . <SEP> where ?
these plasma waves can occur in force-free magnetic fields . <SEP> where ?
the abc logo first appeared as a on-screen bug in the 1993–94 season , appearing initially only for 60 seconds at the beginning of an act or segment , before appearing throughout programs ( except during commercial breaks ) beginning in the 1995–96 season ; the respective iterations of the translucent logo bug were also incorporated within program promotions until the 2011–12 season . <SEP> when ?
however , most of hearst television 's 16 abc-affiliated stations transmit the network 's programming in 1080i hd , while 11 other affiliates owned by various companies carry the network feed in 480i standard definition either due to technical considerations for affiliates of other major networks that carry abc programming on a digital subchannel or because a primary feed abc affiliate has not yet upgraded their transmission equipment to allow content to be presented in hd . <SEP> how many affiliates ?
kublai 's second invasion of japan in 1281 failed because of an inauspicious typhoon . <SEP> what ?
pharmacy informaticists work in many practice areas of pharmacy , however , they may also work in information technology departments or for healthcare information technology vendor companies . <SEP> what ?
debus was named the loc 's first director . <SEP> 
the sedimentary sequences of the mid-continental united states and the grand canyon in the southwestern united states contain almost-undeformed stacks of sedimentary rocks that have remained in place since cambrian time . <SEP> what type of rock ?
southern california 's economy is diverse and one of the largest in the united states . <SEP> what ?
the southern part was different . <SEP> where ?
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions . <SEP> what ?
however , on may 3 , 2013 , the florida legislature refused to approve the funding plan to pay for the renovations , dealing a significant blow to miami 's chances . <SEP> what ?
for a long time , it was thought that the amazon rainforest was only ever sparsely populated , as it was impossible to sustain a large population through agriculture given the poor soil . <SEP> what feature of the amazon ?
for its part , the television network produced a few new hits during 1977 : january saw the premiere of roots , a miniseries based on an alex haley novel that was published the previous year ; in september , the love boat , a comedy-drama anthology series produced by aaron spelling which was based around the crew of a cruise ship and featured three stories centered partly on the ship 's various passengers ; although critically lambasted , the series turned out to be a ratings success and lasted nine seasons . <SEP> how many seasons ?
sky uk limited ( formerly british sky broadcasting or bskyb ) is a british telecommunications company which serves the united kingdom . <SEP> what kind of company ?
major events also play a big part in tourism in victoria , particularly cultural tourism and sports tourism . <SEP> what part ?
air did not play a role in phlogiston theory , nor were any initial quantitative experiments conducted to test the idea ; instead , it was based on observations of what happens when something burns , that most common objects appear to become lighter and seem to lose something in the process . <SEP> of what ?
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california . <SEP> what city ?
for example , the working time directive requires that every worker has at least 4 weeks paid holidays each year , but most member states require more than 28 days in national law . <SEP> how many ?
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage . <SEP> what ?
these stages were called expansions , with double and triple expansion engines being common , especially in shipping where efficiency was important to reduce the weight of coal carried . <SEP> what ?
pro bowl linebacker von miller led the team with 11 sacks , forced four fumbles , and recovered three . <SEP> how many ?
these normans began a long period of slow conquest during which almost all of wales was at some point subject to norman interference . <SEP> what country ?
using statistics from 23 developed countries and the 50 states of the us , they found social/health problems lower in countries like japan and finland and states like utah and new hampshire with high levels of equality , than in countries ( us and uk ) and states ( mississippi and new york ) with large differences in household income . <SEP> how many ?
so , in francovich v italy , the italian government had failed to set up an insurance fund for employees to claim unpaid wages if their employers had gone insolvent , as the insolvency protection directive required . <SEP> what ?
both before and after the 1708 passage of the foreign protestants naturalization act , an estimated 50,000 protestant walloons and huguenots fled to england , with many moving on to ireland and elsewhere . <SEP> what english law ?
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram . <SEP> what ?
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality . <SEP> what ?
the most authoritative account at the time came from the medical faculty in paris in a report to the king of france that blamed the heavens , in the form of a conjunction of three planets in 1345 that caused a " great pestilence in the air " . <SEP> what ?
preparatory schools in the uk prepare pupils aged up to 13 years old to enter public schools . <SEP> what schools ?
the uk subsequently adopted the main legislation previously agreed under the agreement on social policy , the 1994 works council directive , which required workforce consultation in businesses , and the 1996 parental leave directive . <SEP> which directive ?
the museum continues to acquire examples of modern fashion to add to the collection . <SEP> which examples of fashion ?
the derbyshire arrangement served , with minor edits , as the theme tune up to the end of season 17 ( 1979–80 ) . <SEP> when ?
the mongols characterized otachi doctors by their use of herbal remedies , which was distinguished from the spiritual cures of mongol shamanism . <SEP> what type of medicine ?
on 1 august 1521 , luther wrote to melanchthon on the same theme : " be a sinner , and let your sins be strong , but let your trust in christ be stronger , and rejoice in christ who is the victor over sin , death , and the world . <SEP> what ?
the region was a leader in the housing bubble 2001–2007 , and has been heavily impacted by the housing crash . <SEP> 
water on the eastern side flowed toward the atlantic , while to the west water flowed toward the pacific across the amazonas basin . <SEP> what ?
for example , dalton assumed that water 's formula was ho , giving the atomic mass of oxygen as 8 times that of hydrogen , instead of the modern value of about 16. in 1805 , joseph louis gay-lussac and alexander von humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen ; and by 1811 amedeo avogadro had arrived at the correct interpretation of water 's composition , based on what is now called avogadro 's law and the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules . <SEP> what ?
technically , these would be categorized as private schools , but many of them have the name " public school " appended to them , e.g. , the galaxy public school in kathmandu . <SEP> where ?
most are concentrated in alsace in northeast france and the cévennes mountain region in the south , who still regard themselves as huguenots to this day . <SEP> what ?
on april 12 , 1961 , soviet cosmonaut yuri gagarin became the first person to fly in space , reinforcing american fears about being left behind in a technological competition with the soviet union . <SEP> from what country ?
it initially used arpanet technology but changed the host interface to x.25 and the terminal interface to x.29 . <SEP> 
tugh temür supported zhu xi 's neo-confucianism and also devoted himself in buddhism . <SEP> what religions ?
the adaptive immune system evolved in early vertebrates and allows for a stronger immune response as well as immunological memory , where each pathogen is " remembered " by a signature antigen . <SEP> in what types of organisms ?
the origin of the name kenya is not clear , but perhaps linked to the kikuyu , embu and kamba words kirinyaga , kirenyaa and kiinyaa which mean " god 's resting place " in all three languages . <SEP> what ?
according to legend , it was here that genghis khan reportedly saw a line of five stars arranged in the sky and interpreted it as an omen of his victory . <SEP> what omen ?
in 1938 , the fcc began a series of investigations into the practices of radio networks and published its report on the broadcasting of network radio programs in 1940. the report recommended that rca give up control of either nbc red or nbc blue . <SEP> in what year ?
the v & a dundee will be on the city 's waterfront and is intended to focus on fashion , architecture , product design , graphic arts and photography . <SEP> what ?
the packets include a connection identifier rather than address information and are negotiated between endpoints so that they are delivered in order and with error checking . <SEP> what ?
following the series revival in 2005 , derek jacobi provided the character 's re-introduction in the 2007 episode " utopia " . <SEP> what ?
luther refused to recant his writings . <SEP> who ?
camp would instead support revolutionary new rules for the 1906 season . <SEP> in what year ?
through the work of leading theoretical physicists , a new theory of electromagnetism was developed using quantum mechanics . <SEP> what ?
the programme 's first serial , an unearthly child , shows that the doctor has a granddaughter , susan foreman . <SEP> what ?
one of these is dominated by a full-scale replica of trajan 's column , cut in half in order to fit under the ceiling . <SEP> what ?
immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections . <SEP> what ?
injectors became popular in the 1850s but are no longer widely used , except in applications such as steam locomotives . <SEP> in what decade ?
in january 2003 , the government of kenya announced the introduction of free primary education . <SEP> when ?
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver . <SEP> who ?
he received a bachelor 's degree in biblical studies on 9 march 1508 , and another bachelor 's degree in the sentences by peter lombard in 1509 . <SEP> what ?
it meets each six months and its president ( currently former poland prime minister donald tusk ) is meant to 'drive forward its work ' , but it does not itself 'legislative functions ' . <SEP> who ?
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne . <SEP> how many successors of kublai ?
in 1965 , at the instigation of warner sinback , a data network based on this voice-phone network was designed to connect ge 's four computer sales and service centers ( schenectady , phoenix , chicago , and phoenix ) to facilitate a computer time-sharing service , apparently the world 's first commercial online service . <SEP> 
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city . <SEP> what entity ?
walt disney and his brother roy contacted goldenson at the end of 1953 for abc to agree to finance part of the disneyland project in exchange for producing a television program for the network . <SEP> what ?
since 2000 , abc has also owned the television rights to most of the peanuts television specials , having acquired the broadcast rights from cbs , which originated the specials in 1965 with the debut of a charlie brown christmas ( other peanuts specials broadcast annually by abc , including a charlie brown christmas , include it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown and a charlie brown thanksgiving ) . <SEP> what peanuts special ?
luther was a prolific hymn-writer , authoring hymns such as " ein feste burg ist unser gott " ( " a mighty fortress is our god " ) , based on psalm 46 , and " vom himmel hoch , da komm ich her " ( " from heaven above to earth i come " ) , based on luke 2:11–12 . <SEP> in what type of work ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> what ?
a mere half decade later the tract had 267 homes . <SEP> how many homes ?
the central region , consisting of present-day hebei , shandong , shanxi , the south-eastern part of present-day inner mongolia and the henan areas to the north of the yellow river , was considered the most important region of the dynasty and directly governed by the central secretariat ( or zhongshu sheng ) at khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) ; similarly , another top-level administrative department called the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( or xuanzheng yuan ) held administrative rule over the whole of modern-day tibet and a part of sichuan , qinghai and kashmir . <SEP> what ?
hans hillerbrand writes that luther had no intention of confronting the church , but saw his disputation as a scholarly objection to church practices , and the tone of the writing is accordingly " searching , rather than doctrinaire . " <SEP> who ?
the conservation of momentum can be directly derived from the homogeneity or symmetry of space and so is usually considered more fundamental than the concept of a force . <SEP> what ?
the european court of justice is the highest court able to interpret european union law . <SEP> what ?
seasonal rainfall is concentrated in the warmest months from may through september , while the driest months are from november through april . <SEP> when ?
meanwhile , they occupied petrela , the citadel of mili at the banks of the river deabolis , gllavenica ( ballsh ) , kanina and jericho . <SEP> what river ?
in mesophyll cells , chloroplasts are specialized for the light reactions , so they lack rubisco , and have normal grana and thylakoids , which they use to make atp and nadph , as well as oxygen . <SEP> what ?
but the broncos defense halted the drive on the 26-yard line , and it ended with no points when graham gano hit the uprights on a 44-yard field goal attempt . <SEP> who ?
when corliss was given the rumford medal the committee said that " no one invention since watt 's time has so enhanced the efficiency of the steam engine " . <SEP> what award ?
this was followed by embankment , of the major distributaries and damming of minor distributaries , which took place in the 11–13th century ad . <SEP> when ?
in 1536 , he began to suffer from kidney and bladder stones , and arthritis , and an ear infection ruptured an ear drum . <SEP> what other health issues ?
after his father 's death in 1879 , tesla found a package of letters from his professors to his father , warning that unless he were removed from the school , tesla would be killed through overwork . <SEP> when ?
in effect , after the lisbon treaty , the charter and the convention now co-exist under european union law , though the former is enforced by the european court of justice in relation to european union measures , and the latter by the european court of human rights in relation to measures by member states . <SEP> what entity ?
pathogens can rapidly evolve and adapt , and thereby avoid detection and neutralization by the immune system ; however , multiple defense mechanisms have also evolved to recognize and neutralize pathogens . <SEP> how ?
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription . <SEP> approximately how many works by rodin ?
in reviewing the voluminous literature on the subject , the student of civil disobedience rapidly finds himself surrounded by a maze of semantical problems and grammatical niceties . <SEP> that students ?
most species are hermaphrodites—a single animal can produce both eggs and sperm , meaning it can fertilize its own egg , not needing a mate . <SEP> what ?
competition amongst workers tends to drive down wages due to the expendable nature of the worker in relation to his or her particular job . <SEP> what ?
to function properly , an immune system must detect a wide variety of agents , known as pathogens , from viruses to parasitic worms , and distinguish them from the organism 's own healthy tissue . <SEP> what ?
the notion " force " keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics , though one is now dealing with operators instead of classical variables and though the physics is now described by the schrödinger equation instead of newtonian equations . <SEP> what equation ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> when ?
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes . <SEP> what ?
the broncos made their second super bowl appearance in three years , having reached super bowl xlviii , while the panthers made their second super bowl appearance in franchise history , their other appearance being super bowl xxxviii . <SEP> when ?
in the same year , he patented the tesla coil . <SEP> what ?
duisburg is the home of europe 's largest inland port and functions as a hub to the sea ports of rotterdam , antwerp and amsterdam . <SEP> what ?
closely related fields in theoretical computer science are analysis of algorithms and computability theory . <SEP> what two fields of theoretical computer science ?
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver . <SEP> who ?
by the opening of the 2008 general conference , total umc membership was estimated at 11.4 million , with about 7.9 million in the u.s. and 3.5 million overseas . <SEP> what ?
by mass , oxygen is the third-most abundant element in the universe , after hydrogen and helium . <SEP> how abundant ?
since pharmacists know about the mode of action of a particular drug , and its metabolism and physiological effects on the human body in great detail , they play an important role in optimisation of a drug treatment for an individual . <SEP> what type of treatment ?
since kublai khan only esteemed the sakya sect of tibetan buddhism , other religions became less important . <SEP> what ?
not happy with their betrayal and resistance , genghis khan ordered the entire imperial family to be executed , effectively ending the tangut lineage . <SEP> what ?
although military spending cutbacks have had an impact , aerospace continues to be a major factor . <SEP> what industry ?
marshall cohen notes , " it has been used to describe everything from bringing a test-case in the federal courts to taking aim at a federal official . <SEP> who ?
but for instance the districts in kraków do not have entitlements of powiat , so the registration numbers in kraków are of the same type for all districts . <SEP> in what districts ?
such engines use either three or four expansion stages and are known as triple and quadruple expansion engines respectively . <SEP> how many expansion stages ?
islamism is a controversial concept not just because it posits a political role for islam but also because its supporters believe their views merely reflect islam , while the contrary idea that islam is , or can be , apolitical is an error . <SEP> what type of role that islamism seeks ?
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game . <SEP> how many years ?
by the 1880s , the machine gun had become an effective battlefield weapon . <SEP> what ?
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3. however , computing a or μ requires the knowledge of infinitely many primes to begin with . <SEP> how ?
within a leaf , chloroplasts are mainly found in the mesophyll layers of a leaf , and the guard cells of stomata . <SEP> what layers of a leaf ?
teachers in wales can be registered members of trade unions such as atl , nut or nasuwt and reports in recent years suggest that the average age of teachers in wales is falling with teachers being younger than in previous years . <SEP> what ?
nasa discontinued the manned block i program , using the block i spacecraft only for unmanned saturn v flights . <SEP> what ?
paul rose argues that he caused a " hysterical and demonizing mentality " about jews to enter german thought and discourse , a mentality that might otherwise have been absent . <SEP> what ?
bedau also notes , though , that the very harmlessness of such entirely symbolic illegal protests toward public policy goals may serve a propaganda purpose . <SEP> 
moreover , many conferences have taken a position by voting in favor of same-gender marriages with resolutions . <SEP> 
historically , victoria has been the base for the manufacturing plants of the major car brands ford , toyota and holden ; however , closure announcements by all three companies in the 21st century will mean that australia will no longer be a base for the global car industry , with toyota 's statement in february 2014 outlining a closure year of 2017. holden 's announcement occurred in may 2013 , followed by ford 's decision in december of the same year ( ford 's victorian plants—in broadmeadows and geelong—will close in october 2016 ) . <SEP> when ?
following a referendum in 1997 , in which the scottish electorate voted for devolution , the current parliament was convened by the scotland act 1998 , which sets out its powers as a devolved legislature . <SEP> when ?
[ vague ] all eu member states are regarded as subject to the general obligation of the principle of cooperation , as stated in the teu , whereby member states are obliged not to take measure which could jeopardise the attainment of the teu objectives . the court of justice of the european union can interpret the treaties , but it can not rule on their validity , which is subject to international law . <SEP> who ?
montpellier was among the most important of the 66 " villes de sûreté " that the edict of 1598 granted to the huguenots . <SEP> what ?
in response to demands for a german liturgy , luther wrote a german mass , which he published in early 1526. he did not intend it as a replacement for his 1523 adaptation of the latin mass but as an alternative for the " simple people " , a " public stimulation for people to believe and become christians . " <SEP> when ?
from italy , the disease spread northwest across europe , striking france , spain , portugal and england by june 1348 , then turned and spread east through germany and scandinavia from 1348 to 1350. it was introduced in norway in 1349 when a ship landed at askøy , then spread to bjørgvin ( modern bergen ) and iceland . <SEP> which direction ?
that is , they impart magnetic character to oxygen when it is in the presence of a magnetic field , because of the spin magnetic moments of the unpaired electrons in the molecule , and the negative exchange energy between neighboring o 2 molecules . <SEP> what kind of field ?
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams . <SEP> when ?
the european court of justice is the highest court able to interpret european union law . <SEP> which court ?
when the double expansion group is duplicated , producing a 4-cylinder compound , the individual pistons within the group are usually balanced at 180° , the groups being set at 90° to each other . <SEP> at what angle ?
in 1950 , noble appointed robert kintner to be abc 's president while he himself served as its ceo , a position he would hold until his death in 1958. despite the promise of non-interference between abc and upt , goldenson had to intervene in abc 's decisions because of financial problems and the fcc 's long period of indecision . <SEP> who ?
another influence is the geographical phrase south of the tehachapis , which would split the southern region off at the crest of that transverse range , but in that definition , the desert portions of north los angeles county and eastern kern and san bernardino counties would be included in the southern california region due to their remoteness from the central valley and interior desert landscape . <SEP> which mountain range ?
in 1979 , less than a year after becoming pope , john paul celebrated mass in victory square in warsaw and ended his sermon with a call to " renew the face " of poland : let thy spirit descend ! <SEP> how long ?
starting with the 2009 special " planet of the dead " , the series was filmed in 1080i for hdtv , and broadcast simultaneously on bbc one and bbc hd . <SEP> in what year ?
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population . <SEP> how many private schools ?
the upper rhine region was changed significantly by a rhine straightening program in the 19th century . <SEP> which century ?
the first european to travel the length of the amazon river was francisco de orellana in 1542. the bbc 's unnatural histories presents evidence that orellana , rather than exaggerating his claims as previously thought , was correct in his observations that a complex civilization was flourishing along the amazon in the 1540s . <SEP> who ?
in front of the field of macrocilia , on the mouth " lips " in some species of beroe , is a pair of narrow strips of adhesive epithelial cells on the stomach wall that " zip " the mouth shut when the animal is not feeding , by forming intercellular connections with the opposite adhesive strip . <SEP> what ?
the tran dynasty which ruled annam ( dai viet ) crushed and defeated the mongols at the battle of bạch đằng ( 1288 ) . <SEP> where ?
the apollo extension series ( apollo x , ) proposed up to 30 flights to earth orbit , using the space in the spacecraft lunar module adapter ( sla ) to house a small orbital laboratory ( workshop ) . <SEP> what ?
this origin of chloroplasts was first suggested by the russian biologist konstantin mereschkowski in 1905 after andreas schimper observed in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria . <SEP> what ?
before thoreau ’ s imprisonment , when a confused taxman had wondered aloud about how to handle his refusal to pay , thoreau had advised , “ resign. ” if a man chose to be an agent of injustice , then thoreau insisted on confronting him with the fact that he was making a choice . <SEP> who ?
after detecting stress in a cell , which might be due to a pathogen , chloroplasts begin producing molecules like salicylic acid , jasmonic acid , nitric oxide and reactive oxygen species which can serve as defense-signals . <SEP> when ?
behind them , two of the panthers three starting linebackers were also selected to play in the pro bowl : thomas davis and luke kuechly . <SEP> who ?
the institution asserts that such expansion will benefit not only the school , but surrounding community , pointing to such features as the enhanced transit infrastructure , possible shuttles open to the public , and park space which will also be publicly accessible . <SEP> what additional benefits ?
teachers in wales can be registered members of trade unions such as atl , nut or nasuwt and reports in recent years suggest that the average age of teachers in wales is falling with teachers being younger than in previous years . <SEP> what ?
on 1 july 1851 , writs were issued for the election of the first victorian legislative council , and the absolute independence of victoria from new south wales was established proclaiming a new colony of victoria . <SEP> on what date ?
tesla was 6 feet 2 inches ( 1.88 m ) tall and weighed 142 pounds ( 64 kg ) , with almost no weight variance from 1888 to about 1926.:292 he was an elegant , stylish figure in new york city , meticulous in his grooming , clothing , and regimented in his daily activities . <SEP> where ?
the principle of inclusions and components states that , with sedimentary rocks , if inclusions ( or clasts ) are found in a formation , then the inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them . <SEP> what ?
together in april 1887 they formed the tesla electric company with an agreement that profits from generated patents would go ⅓ to tesla , ⅓ to peck and brown , and ⅓ to fund development . <SEP> when ?
the command module ( cm ) was the conical crew cabin , designed to carry three astronauts from launch to lunar orbit and back to an earth ocean landing . <SEP> where ?
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose . <SEP> where ?
still , the denomination is pro-choice and also " was a founding member of the religious coalition for reproductive choice ... [ and ] 2008 general conference [ went ] on record in support of the work of the religious coalition for reproductive choice " . <SEP> when ?
the concert aired on bbci on christmas day 2006. a doctor who prom was celebrated on 27 july 2008 in the royal albert hall as part of the annual bbc proms . <SEP> when ?
british prime minister edward heath was so worried by this prospect that he ordered a british intelligence estimate of u.s. intentions , which concluded america " might consider it could not tolerate a situation in which the u.s. and its allies were at the mercy of a small group of unreasonable countries , " and that they would prefer a rapid operation to seize oilfields in saudi arabia and kuwait , and possibly abu dhabi in military action was decided upon . <SEP> which country ?
like many cities in central and eastern europe , infrastructure in warsaw suffered considerably during its time as an eastern bloc economy – though it is worth mentioning that the initial three-year plan to rebuild poland ( especially warsaw ) was a major success , but what followed was very much the opposite . <SEP> what ?
six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system , metrolink , run out of downtown los angeles , connecting los angeles , ventura , san bernardino , riverside , orange , and san diego counties with the other line connecting san bernardino , riverside , and orange counties directly . <SEP> 
as previously arranged by his father , temüjin married börte of the onggirat tribe when he was around 16 in order to cement alliances between their respective tribes . <SEP> what ?
materials readily available in the area generally dictate the construction materials used ( e.g . <SEP> what ?
students are likely to build stronger relations with teachers who are friendly and supportive and will show more interest in courses taught by these teachers . <SEP> 
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water . <SEP> where ?
undergraduate students are required to take a distribution of courses to satisfy the university 's core curriculum known as the common core . <SEP> what ?
in 1785 he presented a paper entitled theory of the earth to the royal society of edinburgh . <SEP> 
the second main legislative body is the council , which is composed of different ministers of the member states . <SEP> of what type of individuals ?
epoxides are ethers in which the oxygen atom is part of a ring of three atoms . <SEP> in what compound ?
the british resettled many acadians throughout its north american provinces , but many went to france , and some went to new orleans , which they had expected to remain french . <SEP> where ?
the plowshares organization temporarily closed gcsb waihopai by padlocking the gates and using sickles to deflate one of the large domes covering two satellite dishes . <SEP> how ?
philosophers in antiquity used the concept of force in the study of stationary and moving objects and simple machines , but thinkers such as aristotle and archimedes retained fundamental errors in understanding force . <SEP> what concept ?
the official city name in full is miasto stołeczne warszawa ( english : " the capital city of warsaw " ) . <SEP> what ?
article 102 prohibits the abuse of dominant position , such as price discrimination and exclusive dealing . <SEP> what ?
these included a renewed attack on archbishop albrecht of mainz , whom he shamed into halting the sale of indulgences in his episcopates , and a " refutation of the argument of latomus , " in which he expounded the principle of justification to jacobus latomus , an orthodox theologian from louvain . <SEP> how ?
european union law is applied by the courts of member states and the court of justice of the european union . <SEP> who ?
mcmanus made all four of his field goals , making him perfect on all 11 attempts during the post-season . <SEP> how many of the four field goal attempts ?
the public art pieces will be restored and placed near their current locations and will feature wide sidewalks ( up to 28 ' on the east side of the street ) to continue with the pedestrian friendly environment of the district . <SEP> what feature ?
large-scale regeneration has replaced former shipping premises with imposing new office developments ; an innovative tilting bridge , the gateshead millennium bridge was commissioned by gateshead council and has integrated the older newcastle quayside more closely with major cultural developments in gateshead , including the baltic centre for contemporary art , the venue for the turner prize 2011 and the norman foster-designed the sage gateshead music centre . <SEP> what ?
the results of his unaided labours were submitted to the american philosophical society in a memoir entitled observations on the geology of the united states explanatory of a geological map , and published in the society 's transactions , together with the nation 's first geological map . <SEP> what ?
in 1875 , tesla enrolled at austrian polytechnic in graz , austria , on a military frontier scholarship . <SEP> what year ?
the red phycoerytherin pigment is an adaptation to help red algae catch more sunlight in deep water—as such , some red algae that live in shallow water have less phycoerytherin in their rhodoplasts , and can appear more greenish . <SEP> what ?
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium . <SEP> when ?
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver . <SEP> what year ?
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl . <SEP> what ?
roeding park , near downtown fresno , is home to the fresno chaffee zoo , and rotary storyland and playland . <SEP> which park ?
following the merger of harvard and radcliffe admissions in 1977 , the proportion of female undergraduates steadily increased , mirroring a trend throughout higher education in the united states . <SEP> in what year ?
the upper rhine had been part of the areal of the late hallstatt culture since the 6th century bc , and by the 1st century bc , the areal of the la tène culture covered almost its entire length , forming a contact zone with the jastorf culture , i.e . <SEP> since when ?
appletalk was a proprietary suite of networking protocols developed by apple inc. in 1985 for apple macintosh computers . <SEP> what ?
bskyb 's standard definition broadcasts are in dvb-compliant mpeg-2 , with the sky movies and sky box office channels including optional dolby digital soundtracks for recent films , although these are only accessible with a sky+ box . <SEP> what optional soundtracks ?
the city was also backdrop to another gangster film , the 1988 film noir thriller stormy monday , directed by mike figgis and starring tommy lee jones , melanie griffith , sting and sean bean . <SEP> what famous musician ?
the effect of economic growth on poverty reduction – the growth elasticity of poverty – can depend on the existing level of inequality . <SEP> what ?
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing . <SEP> when ?
a teacher must guide his student in aligning his personal goals with his academic goals . <SEP> 
early techniques relied mainly on the observation that hydrophilic amino acids are overrepresented in epitope regions than hydrophobic amino acids ; however , more recent developments rely on machine learning techniques using databases of existing known epitopes , usually on well-studied virus proteins , as a training set . <SEP> what kind of amino acids ?
western musical instruments were introduced to enrich chinese performing arts . <SEP> what type of musical instruments ?
a " general question time " takes place on a thursday between 11:40 a.m. and 12 p.m. where members can direct questions to any member of the scottish government . <SEP> who ?
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden . <SEP> what ?
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism . <SEP> where what kind ?
the collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples , mainly western european though all populated continents are represented , dating from the 1st century ad to the present , this is the largest such collection in the world . <SEP> which region ?
operation anvil opened on 24 april 1954 , after weeks of planning by the army with the approval of the war council . <SEP> when ?
exploration is still continuing to determine if there are more reserves . <SEP> what ?
in favorable circumstances , ctenophores can eat ten times their own weight in a day . <SEP> how much ?
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region . <SEP> what ?
these professional qualifications may include the study of pedagogy , the science of teaching . <SEP> what ?
the very first fresno television station to begin broadcasting was kmj-tv , which debuted on june 1 , 1953. kmj is now known as nbc affiliate ksee . <SEP> what ?
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring ( 500 points ) , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many points ?
' " [ attribution needed ] because of the resources made available by imperialism , the world 's economy grew significantly and became much more interconnected in the decades before world war i , making the many imperial powers rich and prosperous . <SEP> what ?
the espn deportes spanish broadcast was made available through watchespn . <SEP> where ?
the pilgrim street building was refurbished between november 2006 and may 2008 ; during the refurbishment works , the cinema relocated to the old town hall , gateshead . <SEP> what ?
the principle of inclusions and components states that , with sedimentary rocks , if inclusions ( or clasts ) are found in a formation , then the inclusions must be older than the formation that contains them . <SEP> what ?
the gorge is quite deep and is the stretch of the river which is known for its many castles and vineyards . <SEP> what ?
during that year , tesla worked in pittsburgh , helping to create an alternating current system to power the city 's streetcars . <SEP> what ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> what ?
in bays where they occur in very high numbers , predation by ctenophores may control the populations of small zooplanktonic organisms such as copepods , which might otherwise wipe out the phytoplankton ( planktonic plants ) , which are a vital part of marine food chains . <SEP> where ?
welsh medium education is available to all age groups through nurseries , schools , colleges and universities and in adult education ; lessons in the language itself are compulsory for all pupils until the age of 16 . <SEP> how long ?
newcastle was part of the county of northumberland until 1400 , when it became a county itself , a status it retained until becoming part of tyne and wear in 1974 . <SEP> what county ?
kenyan athletes ( particularly kalenjin ) continue to dominate the world of distance running , although competition from morocco and ethiopia has reduced this supremacy . <SEP> what countries ?
the earth 's mantle , of much larger mass than the crust , is largely composed of silicates of magnesium and iron . <SEP> what part of the earth ?
by 1883 , engines that could provide 10,000 hp had become feasible . <SEP> of what ?
abc news provides news and features content for select radio stations owned by citadel broadcasting , which purchased the abc radio properties in 2007 . <SEP> by what company ?
the development of this fertile soil allowed agriculture and silviculture in the previously hostile environment ; meaning that large portions of the amazon rainforest are probably the result of centuries of human management , rather than naturally occurring as has previously been supposed . <SEP> what ?
his poor physical health made him short-tempered and even harsher in his writings and comments . <SEP> how ?
the television network has eight owned-and-operated and over 232 affiliated television stations throughout the united states and its territories . <SEP> how many of the network 's stations ?
undergraduates typically take four half-courses per term and must maintain a four-course rate average to be considered full-time . <SEP> how many courses ?
steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines , with shipping in the 20th-century relying upon the steam turbine . <SEP> what power ?
the flushing action of tears and urine also mechanically expels pathogens , while mucus secreted by the respiratory and gastrointestinal tract serves to trap and entangle microorganisms . <SEP> what ?
scarcity was addressed by rationing ( as in many countries ) . <SEP> how ?
conservative mp alec shelbrooke was proposing the payments of benefits and tax credits on a " welfare cash card " , in the style of the supplemental nutrition assistance program , that could be used to buy only " essentials " . <SEP> what ?
the bond can be variously described based on level of theory , but is reasonably and simply described as a covalent double bond that results from the filling of molecular orbitals formed from the atomic orbitals of the individual oxygen atoms , the filling of which results in a bond order of two . <SEP> what ?
in 1957 , kosanović 's secretary charlotte muzar transported tesla 's ashes from the united states to belgrade . <SEP> who ?
the v & a theatre & performance galleries , formerly the theatre museum , opened in march 2009. the collections are stored by the v & a , and are available for research , exhibitions and other shows . <SEP> 
a similar method is the electrocatalytic o 2 evolution from oxides and oxoacids . <SEP> what ?
cbs provided digital streams of the game via cbssports.com , and the cbs sports apps on tablets , windows 10 , xbox one and other digital media players ( such as chromecast and roku ) . <SEP> what ?
the university , established in 1890 , consists of the college , various graduate programs , interdisciplinary committees organized into four academic research divisions and seven professional schools . <SEP> how many academic research divisions ?
teachers in scotland can be registered members of trade unions with the main ones being the educational institute of scotland and the scottish secondary teachers ' association . <SEP> what group ?
shortly after he arrived , tesla contracted cholera ; he was bedridden for nine months and was near death multiple times . <SEP> how long ?
a decision problem is a special type of computational problem whose answer is either yes or no , or alternately either 1 or 0. a decision problem can be viewed as a formal language , where the members of the language are instances whose output is yes , and the non-members are those instances whose output is no . <SEP> what ?
however , as a result of the referendum in france and the referendum in the netherlands , the 2004 treaty establishing a constitution for europe never came into force . <SEP> which ?
he appointed robert of jumièges archbishop of canterbury and made ralph the timid earl of hereford . <SEP> who ?
for example , joseph haas was arrested for allegedly sending an email to the lebanon , new hampshire city councilors stating , " wise up or die . " <SEP> what ?
robert underwood johnson described him as attaining a " distinguished sweetness , sincerity , modesty , refinement , generosity , and force . " <SEP> who ?
similar inverted repeats exist in the genomes of cyanobacteria and the other two chloroplast lineages ( glaucophyta and rhodophyceæ ) , suggesting that they predate the chloroplast , though some chloroplast dnas have since lost or flipped the inverted repeats ( making them direct repeats ) . <SEP> what ?
there , in october 1518 , under questioning by papal legate cardinal cajetan luther stated that he did not consider the papacy part of the biblical church because historistical interpretation of bible prophecy concluded that the papacy was the antichrist . <SEP> what ?
this innovative approach to bringing young people to museums was a hallmark of the directorship of roy strong and was subsequently emulated by some other british museums . <SEP> whose directorship ?
at the time the only concern was that member states should be prevented from violating human rights , hence the establishment of the european convention on human rights in 1950 and the establishment of the european court of human rights . <SEP> which entities ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> which super bowl ?
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey . <SEP> what cancer researchers ?
in the mid-18th century christian goldbach listed 1 as the first prime in his famous correspondence with leonhard euler -- who did not agree . <SEP> who ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> how many yards ?
in december 2014 , president uhuru kenyatta signed a security laws amendment bill , which supporters of the law suggested was necessary to guard against armed groups . <SEP> why ?
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper . <SEP> from which continent ?
after liberation , rebuilding began as in other cities of the communist-ruled prl . <SEP> when ?
it was in this place in tours that the prétendus réformés ( " these supposedly 'reformed ' " ) habitually gathered at night , both for political purposes , and for prayer and singing psalms . <SEP> where ?
begter , temujin 's older half-brother , began to exercise the power of the eldest male in the family and eventually temujin 's mother hoelun ( not begter 's mother ) would have to accept him as her husband if and when he became an adult . <SEP> who ?
the 2010 united states census reported that fresno had a population of 494,665. the population density was 4,404.5 people per square mile ( 1,700.6/km² ) . <SEP> how many people per square mile ?
one of the largest objects in the collection is the spanish tempera on wood , 670 x 486 cm , retable of st george , c. 1400 , consisting of numerous scenes and painted by andrés marzal de sax in valencia . <SEP> who ?
religious and spiritual teachers , such as gurus , mullahs , rabbis , pastors/youth pastors and lamas , may teach religious texts such as the quran , torah or bible . <SEP> what ?
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities . <SEP> what ?
climate fluctuations during the last 34 million years have allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics . <SEP> what ?
environmentalists are concerned about loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest , and also about the release of the carbon contained within the vegetation , which could accelerate global warming . <SEP> what ?
the super bowl 50 host committee has vowed to be " the most giving super bowl ever " , and will dedicate 25 percent of all money it raises for philanthropic causes in the bay area . <SEP> how many ?
with a budget of $ 230,000 , the surviving original lunar broadcast data from apollo 11 was compiled by nafzger and assigned to lowry digital for restoration . <SEP> which company ?
ergänzungsschulen are secondary or post-secondary ( non-tertiary ) schools , which are run by private individuals , private organizations or rarely , religious groups and offer a type of education which is not available at public schools . <SEP> what ?
a local pastor 's official title is 'licensed local pastor ' and is appointed as clergy to the local church where they preach , conduct divine worship and perform the regular duties of a pastor . <SEP> what ?
for the first time , the super bowl 50 host committee and the nfl have openly sought disabled veteran and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender-owned businesses in business connect , the super bowl program that provides local companies with contracting opportunities in and around the super bowl . <SEP> which ?
after the sixth sermon , the wittenberg jurist jerome schurf wrote to the elector : " oh , what joy has dr. martin 's return spread among us ! <SEP> at what point in luther 's sermons ?
he received a bachelor 's degree in biblical studies on 9 march 1508 , and another bachelor 's degree in the sentences by peter lombard in 1509 . <SEP> when ?
private schooling in the united states has been debated by educators , lawmakers and parents , since the beginnings of compulsory education in massachusetts in 1852. the supreme court precedent appears to favor educational choice , so long as states may set standards for educational accomplishment . <SEP> what ?
the functions of the teacher 's colleges may include setting out clear standards of practice , providing for the ongoing education of teachers , investigating complaints involving members , conducting hearings into allegations of professional misconduct and taking appropriate disciplinary action and accrediting teacher education programs . <SEP> what ?
as is customary for super bowl games played at natural grass stadiums , the nfl re-sodded the field with a new playing surface ; a hybrid bermuda 419 turf . <SEP> what ?
there have been repeated discussions about regulating the use of his name and image to avoid trivialization . <SEP> why ?
the metropolitan county of tyne and wear , which consists of the four aforementioned boroughs as well as the city of sunderland ( population circa 275,000 ) , had a population of around 1,076,000 and the tyne and wear city region which also includes north durham , south east northumberland and the tyne valley has a population of 1,650,000. newcastle is also home to a large student population with newcastle and northumbria universities in the local area . <SEP> 
the leading schools such as the groton school had substantial endowments running to hundreds of millions of dollars supplemented by fundraising drives . <SEP> how ?
cbc began showing the series again in 2005. the series moved to the canadian cable channel space in 2009 . <SEP> what canadian cable station ?
warsaw 's first stock exchange was established in 1817 and continued trading until world war ii . <SEP> when ?
jon culshaw frequently impersonates the fourth doctor in the bbc dead ringers series . <SEP> what series ?
in 1644 the city was then besieged for many months and was eventually stormed ( 'with roaring drummes ' ) and sacked by cromwell 's allies . <SEP> what ?
the affair caused lasting damage to luther 's reputation . <SEP> what ?
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter . <SEP> who ?
in 1898 , tesla demonstrated a radio-controlled boat—which he dubbed " teleautomaton " —to the public during an electrical exhibition at madison square garden . <SEP> where ?
during the oligocene , for example , the rainforest spanned a relatively narrow band . <SEP> during what time ?
though they retained the name , these streams no longer carry water from the rhine , but are used for draining the surrounding land and polders . <SEP> for what ?
among the finest examples are the meissen vulture from 1731 and the möllendorff dinner service , designed in 1762 by frederick ii the great . <SEP> in which year ?
phycobilins often organize into relatively large protein complexes about 40 nanometers across called phycobilisomes . <SEP> how big ?
the outcome of most votes can be predicted beforehand since political parties normally instruct members which way to vote . <SEP> who ?
on october 6 , 2004 , a joint japanese-mongolian archaeological dig uncovered what is believed to be genghis khan 's palace in rural mongolia , which raises the possibility of actually locating the ruler 's long-lost burial site . <SEP> on which date ?
the o 2 surrounding these other planets is produced solely by ultraviolet radiation impacting oxygen-containing molecules such as carbon dioxide . <SEP> how ?
ranging from about 1 millimeter ( 0.039 in ) to 1.5 meters ( 4.9 ft ) in size , ctenophores are the largest non-colonial animals that use cilia ( " hairs " ) as their main method of locomotion . <SEP> what ?
much of jacksonville 's filipino community served in or has ties to the united states navy . <SEP> what jacksonville community ?
for example , the problem of squaring an integer can be reduced to the problem of multiplying two integers . <SEP> what ?
the social chapter is a chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam covering social policy issues in european union law . <SEP> what year ?
he explores the universe in his tardis , a sentient time-travelling space ship . <SEP> what ?
though luther saw the muslim faith as a tool of the devil , he was indifferent to its practice : " let the turk believe and live as he will , just as one lets the papacy and other false christians live . " <SEP> how ?
in land plants , chloroplasts are generally lens-shaped , 5–8 μm in diameter and 1–3 μm thick . <SEP> how thick ?
the capture of warũhiũ itote ( aka general china ) on 15 january 1954 and the subsequent interrogation led to a better understanding of the mau mau command structure . <SEP> what ?
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos . <SEP> what ?
because the csm design was started early before the selection of lunar orbit rendezvous , the service propulsion engine was sized to lift the csm off of the moon , and thus was oversized to about twice the thrust required for translunar flight . <SEP> how much thrust ?
with rivera having been a linebacker with the chicago bears in super bowl xx , and kubiak replacing elway at the end of the broncos ' defeats in super bowls xxi and xxiv , this will be the first super bowl in which both head coaches played in the game themselves . <SEP> what position ?
the competition resulted in edison machine works pursuing ac development in 1890 and by 1892 thomas edison was no longer in control of his own company , which was consolidated into the conglomerate general electric and converting to an ac delivery system at that point . <SEP> what ?
stratigraphers can then use these data to reconstruct ancient processes occurring on the surface of the earth , interpret past environments , and locate areas for water , coal , and hydrocarbon extraction . <SEP> for what types ?
discovering that their formats seemed to appeal to their viewers , the network became the first to adopt them for a new national morning show , good morning america , which debuted on november 3 , 1975 . <SEP> when ?
there is much debate on this point , as some believe that it is a civil disobedient 's duty to submit to the punishment prescribed by law , while others believe that defending oneself in court will increase the possibility of changing the unjust law . <SEP> which duty ?
there have at one time or another been steam-powered farm tractors , motorcycles ( without much success ) and even automobiles as the stanley steamer . <SEP> what ?
many of these liturgies are derived from the anglican tradition 's book of common prayer . <SEP> from what book ?
since 1963 , the festival of the arts ( fota ) takes over campus for 7–10 days of exhibitions and interactive artistic endeavors . <SEP> what ?
in january 1880 , two of tesla 's uncles put together enough money to help him leave gospić for prague where he was to study . <SEP> when ?
one of the great geographical treatises of the middle ages , the " tabula rogeriana " , was written by the andalusian al-idrisi for king roger ii of sicily , and entitled " kitab rudjdjar " ( " the book of roger " ) . <SEP> what ?
later under genghis khan 's grandson batu and the golden horde , the mongols returned to conquer volga bulgaria and kievan rus ' in 1237 , concluding the campaign in 1240 . <SEP> which mongol leader ?
the principle becomes quite complex , however , given the uncertainties of fossilization , the localization of fossil types due to lateral changes in habitat ( facies change in sedimentary strata ) , and that not all fossils may be found globally at the same time . <SEP> 
it operates the university of chicago laboratory schools ( a private day school for k-12 students and day care ) , the sonia shankman orthogenic school ( a residential treatment program for those with behavioral and emotional problems ) , and four public charter schools on the south side of chicago administered by the university 's urban education institute . <SEP> what ?
as he studied these portions of the bible , he came to view the use of terms such as penance and righteousness by the catholic church in new ways . <SEP> what sections of church dogma ?
the broncos took an early lead in super bowl 50 and never trailed . <SEP> what ?
other components are often present ; pumps ( such as an injector ) to supply water to the boiler during operation , condensers to recirculate the water and recover the latent heat of vaporisation , and superheaters to raise the temperature of the steam above its saturated vapour point , and various mechanisms to increase the draft for fireboxes . <SEP> what ?
despite periodic repression , the brotherhood has become one of the most influential movements in the islamic world , particularly in the arab world . <SEP> what status ?
legrande writes that " the formulation of a single all-encompassing definition of the term is extremely difficult , if not impossible . <SEP> 
the section discussed the divergence problem affecting certain tree ring data . <SEP> what problem ?
the governor could not actually hold a set speed , because it would assume a new constant speed in response to load changes . <SEP> what ?
as well during awake active times , anti-inflammatory molecules , such as cortisol and catecholamines , peak . <SEP> what ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> how old ?
on the next play , ealy knocked the ball out of manning 's hand as he was winding up for a pass , and then recovered it for carolina on the 50-yard line . <SEP> what yard line ?
restrictions implemented by disney–abc television group on january 7 , 2014 restrict streaming of the most recent episode of any abc program on hulu and watch abc until eight days after their initial broadcast , in order to encourage live or same-week ( via both dvr and cable on demand ) viewing , with day-after-air streaming on either service limited to subscribers of participating pay television providers ( such as comcast , verizon fios and time warner cable ) using an isp account via an authenticated user login . <SEP> when ?
the experimental measurements made by watt on a model steam engine led to the development of the separate condenser . <SEP> who ?
if the state does not provide these services , then for those on lower incomes , the costs must be borrowed and often those on lower incomes are those who are worse equipped to manage their finances . <SEP> what ?
they help transfer and dissipate excess energy , and their bright colors sometimes override the chlorophyll green , like during the fall , when the leaves of some land plants change color . <SEP> what ?
luther was the most widely read author of his generation , and within germany he acquired the status of a prophet . <SEP> who ?
similarly , algorithms can solve the np-complete knapsack problem over a wide range of sizes in less than quadratic time and sat solvers routinely handle large instances of the np-complete boolean satisfiability problem . <SEP> how quickly ?
only a few drops of the liquid were produced in either case so no meaningful analysis could be conducted . <SEP> what minor amount of liquid oxygen ?
luther 's small catechism proved especially effective in helping parents teach their children ; likewise the larger catechism was effective for pastors . <SEP> what work ?
this relationship eventually produced closer ties of blood through the marriage of emma , sister of duke richard ii of normandy , and king ethelred ii of england . <SEP> who ?
even at the draft stage , this finding was disputed by contrarians : in may 2000 fred singer 's science and environmental policy project held a press event on capitol hill , washington , d.c. , featuring comments on the graph wibjörn karlén and singer argued against the graph at a united states senate committee on commerce , science and transportation hearing on 18 july 2000. contrarian john lawrence daly featured a modified version of the ipcc 1990 schematic , which he mis-identified as appearing in the ipcc 1995 report , and argued that " overturning its own previous view in the 1995 report , the ipcc presented the 'hockey stick ' as the new orthodoxy with hardly an apology or explanation for the abrupt u-turn since its 1995 report " . <SEP> where ?
the grainger market itself , was opened in 1835 and was newcastle 's first indoor market . <SEP> when ?
the carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching , the new york times , and some students have criticized harvard for its reliance on teaching fellows for some aspects of undergraduate education ; they consider this to adversely affect the quality of education . <SEP> what criticism in ny times article that ?
the review process often involves an evaluation of the appropriateness of the drug therapy ( e.g. , drug choice , dose , route , frequency , and duration of therapy ) and its efficacy . <SEP> what ?
one of the most visible results of harvard 's attempt to re-balance its budget was their halting of construction of the $ 1.2 billion allston science complex that had been scheduled to be completed by 2011 , resulting in protests from local residents . <SEP> what project ?
the united methodist church is the largest denomination within the wider methodist movement , which has approximately 80 million adherents across the world . <SEP> approximately how many ?
these campaigns were often accompanied by wholesale massacres of the civilian populations – especially in the khwarezmian and xia controlled lands . <SEP> in which regions in particular ?
though there is no official definition for the northern boundary of southern california , such a division has existed from the time when mexico ruled california , and political disputes raged between the californios of monterey in the upper part and los angeles in the lower part of alta california . <SEP> which californio ?
the society has chapters in numerous states , with the one in texas being the largest . <SEP> in what state ?
hamas has been praised by muslims for driving israel out of the gaza strip , but criticized for failure to achieve its demands in the 2008-9 and 2014 gaza wars despite heavy destruction and significant loss of life . <SEP> what ?
a computer system called modes cataloging system was used from the 1980s to the 1990s , but those electronic files were not available to the library users . <SEP> what cataloging system ?
in the 1970s , the city was the subject of a song , " walking into fresno " , written by hall of fame guitarist bill aken and recorded by bob gallion of the world-famous " wwva jamboree " radio and television show in wheeling , west virginia . <SEP> 
some legal requirements come from malum in se considerations , or the desire to prevent things that are indisputably bad – bridge collapses or explosions . <SEP> what ?
with international criminal court trial dates in 2013 for both president kenyatta and deputy president william ruto related to the 2007 election aftermath , us president barack obama chose not to visit the country during his mid-2013 african trip . <SEP> who ?
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons . <SEP> what ?
in case of the ozone depletion global regulation based on the montreal protocol has been successful , in case of climate change , the kyoto protocol failed . <SEP> what ?
the road crossed the st. johns river at a narrow point , which the seminole called wacca pilatka and the british called the cow ford or cowford ; these names ostensibly reflect the fact that cattle were brought across the river there . <SEP> why ?
across the three waves of european colonialism ( first in the americas , second in asia and lastly in africa ) , environmental determinism was used to categorically place indigenous people in a racial hierarchy . <SEP> what continent ?
chloroplasts can grow and progress through some of the constriction stages under poor quality green light , but are slow to complete division—they require exposure to bright white light to complete division . <SEP> what kind of light ?
therefore , according to the book of discipline , united methodist theology is at once " catholic , evangelical , and reformed . " <SEP> what ?
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead . <SEP> who ?
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 . <SEP> what ?
by 17 september , almost 25,000 protestants had been massacred in paris alone . <SEP> how many ?
the opening was celebrated with a grand dinner attended by 2000 guests , and the laing art gallery has a painting of this event . <SEP> how ?
during the same year , investor david g. booth donated $ 300 million to the university 's booth school of business , which is the largest gift in the university 's history and the largest gift ever to any business school . <SEP> who ?
nasa immediately convened an accident review board , overseen by both houses of congress . <SEP> who ?
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl . <SEP> how many different tv networks ?
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto . <SEP> what famous civil rights leader ?
in the late 17th century , robert boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion . <SEP> what researcher ?
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz . <SEP> what alumni ?
the swiss cities , however , did not sign these agreements . <SEP> which group ?
government funding for religious schools is either subject to restrictions or possibly forbidden , according to the courts ' interpretation of the establishment clause of the first amendment or individual state blaine amendments . <SEP> what amendment to the united states constitution ?
in 2007 , the kenyan government unveiled vision 2030 , an economic development programme it hopes will put the country in the same league as the asian economic tigers by the year 2030. in 2013 , it launched a national climate change action plan , having acknowledged that omitting climate as a key development issue in vision 2030 was an oversight . <SEP> what ?
over 61 per cent of private students attend catholic schools . <SEP> what percentage of private school students ?
st mary 's became a cathedral in 1850 and st nicholas ' in 1882. another prominent church in the city centre is the church of st thomas the martyr which is the only parish church in the church of england without a parish and which is not a peculiar . <SEP> which church 's saint ?
these studies were widely presented as demonstrating that the current warming period is exceptional in comparison to temperatures between 1000 and 1900 , and the mbh99 based graph featured in publicity . <SEP> what range of years ?
kenya 's first system of education was introduced by british colonists . <SEP> who ?
not only the work of british artists and craftspeople is on display , but also work produced by european artists that was purchased or commissioned by british patrons , as well as imports from asia , including porcelain , cloth and wallpaper . <SEP> what type of works from asia ?
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line . <SEP> who ?
the review process often involves an evaluation of the appropriateness of the drug therapy ( e.g. , drug choice , dose , route , frequency , and duration of therapy ) and its efficacy . <SEP> what ?
the region was a leader in the housing bubble 2001–2007 , and has been heavily impacted by the housing crash . <SEP> what ?
the last active huguenot congregation in north america worships in charleston , south carolina , at a church that dates to 1844. the huguenot society of america maintains manakin episcopal church in virginia as an historic shrine with occasional services . <SEP> in what city ?
the yuan dynasty is considered both a successor to the mongol empire and an imperial chinese dynasty . <SEP> what non-chinese empire ?
following the peterloo massacre of 1819 , poet percy shelley wrote the political poem the mask of anarchy later that year , that begins with the images of what he thought to be the unjust forms of authority of his time—and then imagines the stirrings of a new form of social action . <SEP> 
in the early pleistocene , the rhine followed a course to the northwest , through the present north sea . <SEP> in early pleistocene , what direction ?
under conditions such as high atmospheric co2 concentrations , these starch grains may grow very large , distorting the grana and thylakoids . <SEP> when ?
this is similar to the 1988 continuation of mission impossible , but differs from most other series relaunches which have either been reboots ( for example , battlestar galactica and bionic woman [ citation needed ] ) or set in the same universe as the original but in a different time period and with different characters ( for example , star trek : the next generation and spin-offs [ citation needed ] ) . <SEP> what other series ?
the region is traditionally described as " eight counties " , based on demographics and economic ties : imperial , los angeles , orange , riverside , san bernardino , san diego , santa barbara , and ventura . <SEP> what ?
a few galleries were redesigned in the 1990s including the indian , japanese , chinese , iron work , the main glass galleries and the main silverware gallery which was further enhanced in 2002 when some of the victorian decoration was recreated . <SEP> which gallery ?
quickbooks sponsored a " small business big game " contest , in which death wish coffee had a 30-second commercial aired free of charge courtesy of quickbooks . <SEP> which company ?
one of the largest items is the hereford screen , weighing nearly 8 tonnes , 10.5 metres high and 11 metres wide , designed by sir george gilbert scott in 1862 for the chancel in hereford cathedral , from which it was removed in 1967. it was made by skidmore & company . <SEP> how many tons ?
in 1523 , luther advised kindness toward the jews in that jesus christ was born a jew and also aimed to convert them to christianity . <SEP> what ?
the left one is situated both on the moraine plateau ( 10 to 25 m ( 32.8 to 82.0 ft ) above vistula level ) and on the vistula terraces ( max . <SEP> which plateau ?
research shows that student motivation and attitudes towards school are closely linked to student-teacher relationships . <SEP> what ?
livestock predominates in the semi-arid savanna to the north and east . <SEP> where ?
the black death is thought to have originated in the arid plains of central asia , where it then travelled along the silk road , reaching crimea by 1343. from there , it was most likely carried by oriental rat fleas living on the black rats that were regular passengers on merchant ships . <SEP> where ?
stadtholder william iii of orange , who later became king of england , emerged as the strongest opponent of king louis xiv after the french attacked the dutch republic in 1672. william formed the league of augsburg as a coalition to oppose louis and the french state . <SEP> what coalition ?
tesla incorrectly believed that x-rays were longitudinal waves , such as those produced in waves in plasmas . <SEP> what ?
knls is the body mandated to establish , equip , manage and maintain national and public libraries in the country . <SEP> what ?
when the methodists in america were separated from the church of england , john wesley himself provided a revised version of the book of common prayer called the sunday service of the methodists in north america . <SEP> what ?
founded in 1968 by the union of the methodist church ( usa ) and the evangelical united brethren church , the umc traces its roots back to the revival movement of john and charles wesley in england as well as the great awakening in the united states . <SEP> when ?
in 1974 , abc premiered the detective series s.w.a.t . <SEP> in 1974 , what detective series ?
ctenophores used to be regarded as " dead ends " in marine food chains because it was thought their low ratio of organic matter to salt and water made them a poor diet for other animals . <SEP> why ?
harvard also won the intercollegiate sailing association national championships in 2003 . <SEP> in what year ?
chloroplasts may be converted to chromoplasts , which are pigment-filled plastids responsible for the bright colors seen in flowers and ripe fruit . <SEP> what ?
andreas karlstadt , supported by the ex-augustinian gabriel zwilling , embarked on a radical programme of reform there in june 1521 , exceeding anything envisaged by luther . <SEP> who ?
the master is the doctor 's archenemy , a renegade time lord who desires to rule the universe . <SEP> who ?
all the incidental music for the 2005 revived series has been composed by murray gold and ben foster and has been performed by the bbc national orchestra of wales from the 2005 christmas episode " the christmas invasion " onwards . <SEP> who ?
while the commission has a monopoly on initiating legislation , the european parliament and the council of the european union have powers of amendment and veto during the legislative process . <SEP> which entities ?
two block i csms were launched from lc-34 on suborbital flights in 1966 with the saturn ib . <SEP> in what year ?
percent of students in private high schools reached 11.1 % . <SEP> what ?
oxygen gas is poisonous to the anaerobic bacteria that cause gas gangrene , so increasing its partial pressure helps kill them . <SEP> that ?
other notable structures include the 37-story wells fargo center ( with its distinctive flared base making it the defining building in the jacksonville skyline ) , originally built in 1972-74 by the independent life and accident insurance company , and the 28 floor riverplace tower which , when completed in 1967 , was the tallest precast , post-tensioned concrete structure in the world . <SEP> how many floors ?
the ability of the immune system to respond to pathogens is diminished in both the young and the elderly , with immune responses beginning to decline at around 50 years of age due to immunosenescence . <SEP> in what ?
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game . <SEP> who ?
jacksonville has the country 's tenth-largest arab population , with a total population of 5,751 according to the 2000 united states census . <SEP> what ethnic group located in jacksonville ?
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since . <SEP> what position ?
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> why ?
following the success of the 2005 series produced by russell t davies , the bbc commissioned davies to produce a 13-part spin-off series titled torchwood ( an anagram of " doctor who " ) , set in modern-day cardiff and investigating alien activities and crime . <SEP> what doctor ?
abc currently holds the broadcast rights to the academy awards , emmy awards ( which are rotated across all four major networks on a year-to-year basis ) , american music awards , disney parks christmas day parade , tournament of roses parade , country music association awards and the cma music festival . <SEP> which ?
the three sources of european union law are primary law , secondary law and supplementary law . <SEP> what ?
lagerlof and galor stated that gender inequality in education can result to low economic growth , and continued gender inequality in education , thus creating a poverty trap . <SEP> what ?
the united methodist church also believes that jesus explicitly repudiated the lex talionis in matthew 5:38-39 and abolished the death penalty in john 8:7. the general conference of the united methodist church calls for its bishops to uphold opposition to capital punishment and for governments to enact an immediate moratorium on carrying out the death penalty sentence . <SEP> 
british architects whose drawings , and in some cases models of their buildings , in the collection , include : inigo jones , sir christopher wren , sir john vanbrugh , nicholas hawksmoor , william kent , james gibbs , robert adam , sir william chambers , james wyatt , henry holland , john nash , sir john soane , sir charles barry , charles robert cockerell , augustus welby northmore pugin , sir george gilbert scott , john loughborough pearson , george edmund street , richard norman shaw , alfred waterhouse , sir edwin lutyens , charles rennie mackintosh , charles holden , frank hoar , lord richard rogers , lord norman foster , sir nicholas grimshaw , zaha hadid and alick horsnell . <SEP> which ?
the top-level department and government agency known as the bureau of buddhist and tibetan affairs ( xuanzheng yuan ) was set up in khanbaliq ( modern beijing ) to supervise buddhist monks throughout the empire . <SEP> what government agency ?
the first british empire was based on mercantilism , and involved colonies and holdings primarily in north america , the caribbean , and india . <SEP> what ?
the title khagan was not conferred on genghis until after his death , when his son and successor , ögedei , took the title for himself and extended it posthumously to his father ( as he was also to be posthumously declared the founder of the yuan dynasty ) . <SEP> who ?
teu articles 4 and 5 state that powers remain with the member states unless they have been conferred , although there is a debate about the kompetenz-kompetenz question : who ultimately has the " competence " to define the eu 's " competence " . <SEP> which articles ?
revolutionary civil disobedience is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ( or to change cultural traditions , social customs , religious beliefs , etc ... revolution does n't have to be political , i.e . <SEP> what type of civil disobedience ?
a growing cause of concern are that attacks on teachers in welsh schools which reached an all-time high between 2005 and 2010 . <SEP> what ?
a major boost to the collections was the salting bequest made in 1909 , which enriched the museum 's stock of chinese and japanese ceramics . <SEP> in which year ?
he points out that nations with high rates of unionization , particularly in scandinavia , have very low levels of inequality , and concludes " the historical pattern is clear ; the cross-national pattern is clear : high inequality goes hand-in-hand with weak labor movements and vice-versa . " <SEP> what ?
the centre-left australian labor party ( alp ) , the centre-right liberal party of australia , the rural-based national party of australia , and the environmentalist australian greens are victoria 's main political parties . <SEP> what political party ?
in 1998 , the metropolitan police authority filed an objection to the trade mark claim ; but in 2002 , the patent office ruled in favour of the bbc . <SEP> when ?
oxfam 's claims have however been questioned on the basis of the methodology used : by using net wealth ( adding up assets and subtracting debts ) , the oxfam report , for instance , finds that there are more poor people in the united states and western europe than in china ( due to a greater tendency to take on debts ) . <SEP> what ?
this is not a valid comparison—the inner mitochondria membrane is used to run proton pumps and carry out oxidative phosphorylation across to generate atp energy . <SEP> what ?
teachers face several occupational hazards in their line of work , including occupational stress , which can negatively impact teachers ' mental and physical health , productivity , and students ' performance . <SEP> what ?
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials . <SEP> in what series ?
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm . <SEP> what ?
a modern example of school discipline in north america and western europe relies upon the idea of an assertive teacher who is prepared to impose their will upon a class . <SEP> what type of teacher ?
he was the first yuan emperor to actively support and adopt mainstream chinese culture after the reign of kublai , to the discontent of some mongol elite . <SEP> what ?
at the same time the mongols imported central asian muslims to serve as administrators in china , the mongols also sent han chinese and khitans from china to serve as administrators over the muslim population in bukhara in central asia , using foreigners to curtail the power of the local peoples of both lands . <SEP> who ?
it has also been argued that breaking the law for self-gratification , as in the case of a homosexual or cannabis user who does not direct his act at securing the repeal of amendment of the law , is not civil disobedience . <SEP> what ?
the rhine emerges from lake constance , flows generally westward , as the hochrhein , passes the rhine falls , and is joined by its major tributary , the river aare . <SEP> what direction ?
areas with predominant student populations include jesmond and heaton . <SEP> 
the centrifugal governor was adopted by james watt for use on a steam engine in 1788 after watt ’ s partner boulton saw one at a flour mill boulton & watt were building . <SEP> what ?
the mongol army quickly seized the town of otrar , relying on superior strategy and tactics . <SEP> which town 's massacre ?
within two weeks , copies of the theses had spread throughout germany ; within two months , they had spread throughout europe . <SEP> how long ?
there was , however , little cultural integration or national identity , and " germany " remained largely a conceptual term referring to an amorphous area of central europe . <SEP> 
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since . <SEP> which kicker ?
using handheld gps devices and programs like google earth , members of the trio tribe , who live in the rainforests of southern suriname , map out their ancestral lands to help strengthen their territorial claims . <SEP> what tribe ?
a computational problem can be viewed as an infinite collection of instances together with a solution for every instance . <SEP> what ?
closely related fields in theoretical computer science are analysis of algorithms and computability theory . <SEP> what field of computer science ?
the commission 's president ( currently an ex-luxembourg prime minister , jean-claude juncker ) sets the agenda for the eu 's work . <SEP> which authority figure ?
tesla invented a steam-powered mechanical oscillator—tesla 's oscillator . <SEP> how ?
tourists , the largest number being from germany and the united kingdom , are attracted mainly to the coastal beaches and the game reserves , notably , the expansive east and west tsavo national park 20,808 square kilometres ( 8,034 sq mi ) in the southeast . <SEP> where ?
on 31 october 1517 , luther wrote to his bishop , albert of mainz , protesting the sale of indulgences . <SEP> who ?
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration . <SEP> what types of organizations ?
refined hindu and buddhist sculptures reflect the influence of india ; items on show include betel-nut cutters , ivory combs and bronze palanquin hooks . <SEP> in which ?
abc maintains several video on demand services for delayed viewing of the network 's programming , including a traditional vod service called abc on demand , which is carried on most traditional cable and iptv providers . <SEP> what ?
over dinner , washington presented saint-pierre with the letter from dinwiddie demanding an immediate french withdrawal from the ohio country . <SEP> what letter ?
in addition , " super bowl city " opened on january 30 at justin herman plaza on the embarcadero , featuring games and activities that will highlight the bay area 's technology , culinary creations , and cultural diversity . <SEP> what ?
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida . <SEP> who ?
the brotherhood 's base of devout middle class found common cause with the impoverished youth of the intifada in their cultural conservatism and antipathy for activities of the secular middle class such as drinking alcohol and going about without hijab . <SEP> what beverage ?
in response to this tension , and possibly for other reasons , ögedei was appointed as successor . <SEP> who ?
watt independently discovered latent heat , which was confirmed by the original discoverer joseph black , who also advised watt on experimental procedures . <SEP> who ?
in 1638 , the college became home for north america 's first known printing press , carried by the ship john of london . <SEP> what year ?
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california . <SEP> what day ?
davies ' successor , steven moffat , has continued the trend by reviving the silurians in series 5 , cybermats in series 6 , the great intelligence and the ice warriors in series 7 , and zygons in the 50th anniversary special . <SEP> who ?
according to the secret history of the mongols genghis khan fell from his horse while hunting and died because of the injury . <SEP> what ?
black 's law dictionary includes non-violence in its definition of civil disobedience . <SEP> 
it was later called the " first oil shock " , followed by the 1979 oil crisis , termed the " second oil shock . " <SEP> what ?
apollo also spurred advances in many areas of technology incidental to rocketry and manned spaceflight , including avionics , telecommunications , and computers . <SEP> what other areas ?
conservative mp alec shelbrooke was proposing the payments of benefits and tax credits on a " welfare cash card " , in the style of the supplemental nutrition assistance program , that could be used to buy only " essentials " . <SEP> what ?
the city 's garrison resisted until february 1082 , when dyrrachium was betrayed to the normans by the venetian and amalfitan merchants who had settled there . <SEP> when ?
however , beginning in the late 19th and early 20th century , policies such as theodore roosevelt ’ s interventionism in central america and woodrow wilson ’ s mission to " make the world safe for democracy " changed all this . <SEP> what ?
western areas of the coast region are mostly christian . <SEP> what religion ?
the invasion failed both militarily and politically , as pitt again planned significant campaigns against new france , and sent funds to britain 's ally on the mainland , prussia , and the french navy failed in the 1759 naval battles at lagos and quiberon bay . <SEP> how successful ?
the french protestant church of london was established by royal charter in 1550. it is now located at soho square . <SEP> when ?
the programme was relaunched in 2005 by russell t davies , who was showrunner and head writer for the first five years of its revival , produced in-house by bbc wales in cardiff . <SEP> who ?
one of the things tesla developed at that laboratory in 1887 was an induction motor that ran on alternating current , a power system format that was starting to be built in europe and the united states because of its advantages in long-distance , high-voltage transmission . <SEP> what ?
in other words , to phrase matters more technically , the laws of physics are the same in every inertial frame of reference , that is , in all frames related by a galilean transformation . <SEP> what ?
around the world many governments operate teacher 's colleges , which are generally established to serve and protect the public interest through certifying , governing and enforcing the standards of practice for the teaching profession . <SEP> 
the iroquois confederation dominated much of present-day upstate new york and the ohio country , although the latter also included algonquian-speaking populations of delaware and shawnee , as well as iroquoian-speaking mingo . <SEP> where ?
although many plants and factories can be found along the rhine up into switzerland , it is along the lower rhine that the bulk of them are concentrated , as the river passes the major cities of cologne , düsseldorf and duisburg . <SEP> what ?
following the move to holyrood in 2004 this building was demolished . <SEP> what ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> what new orleans stadium ?
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter . <SEP> who ?
apollo/saturn vehicles were also used for an apollo applications program , which consisted of skylab , a space station that supported three manned missions in 1973–74 , and the apollo–soyuz test project , a joint earth orbit mission with the soviet union in 1975 . <SEP> what space station ?
san francisco mayor ed lee said of the highly visible homeless presence in this area " they are going to have to leave " . <SEP> who ?
among the few bright spots during this season were the midseason crime dramedy castle as well as the success of two family sitcoms that anchored the network 's revamped wednesday comedy lineup , the middle and modern family , the latter of which was both a critical and commercial success . <SEP> what two comedies ?
public schools , also known as state or government schools , are funded and run directly by the victoria department of education . <SEP> what ?
for example , the decision problem in presburger arithmetic has been shown not to be in p , yet algorithms have been written that solve the problem in reasonable times in most cases . <SEP> what eponymous variation of arithmetic ?
the total number of upper house members was reduced from 44 to 40 and their term of office is now the same as the lower house members—four years . <SEP> what ?
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks . <SEP> what streets ?
lead fusible plugs may be present in the crown of the boiler 's firebox . <SEP> what ?
the amazon rainforest ( portuguese : floresta amazônica or amazônia ; spanish : selva amazónica , amazonía or usually amazonia ; french : forêt amazonienne ; dutch : amazoneregenwoud ) , also known in english as amazonia or the amazon jungle , is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the amazon basin of south america . <SEP> what kind of forest ?
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923. during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa . <SEP> 
t-cells have a symbiotic relationship with vitamin d. not only does the t-cell extend a vitamin d receptor , in essence asking to bind to the steroid hormone version of vitamin d , calcitriol , but the t-cell expresses the gene cyp27b1 , which is the gene responsible for converting the pre-hormone version of vitamin d , calcidiol into the steroid hormone version , calcitriol . <SEP> what gene ?
no plans were announced regarding the recognition of harvey martin , co-mvp of super bowl xii , who died in 2001 . <SEP> which mvp honoree ?
denver won despite being massively outgained in total yards ( 315 to 194 ) and first downs ( 21 to 11 ) . <SEP> how many total yards ?
the medium of education is english , but as a compulsory subject , nepali and/or the state 's official language is also taught . <SEP> what ?
the us abandoned the gold exchange standard whereby the value of the dollar had been pegged to the price of gold and all other currencies were pegged to the dollar , whose value was left to " float " ( rise and fall according to market demand ) . <SEP> what ?
this system reflects much similarity to the checks and balances system of the u.s. and many other governments . <SEP> what ?
the river tyne had the temporary bambuco bridge in 2008 for ten days ; it was not made for walking , road or cycling , but was just a sculpture . <SEP> how many days ?
the actual term " regeneration " was not initially conceived of until the doctor 's third on-screen regeneration however ; hartnell 's doctor had merely described undergoing a " renewal , " and the second doctor underwent a " change of appearance " . <SEP> when ?
on his 50th birthday in 1906 , tesla demonstrated his 200 horsepower ( 150 kilowatts ) 16,000 rpm bladeless turbine . <SEP> at what speed ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> which team ?
this was last seen in august and september 2011 prompting the kenyans for kenya initiative by the red cross . <SEP> what program ?
on the french side , the grand canal d'alsace was dug , which carries a significant part of the river water , and all of the traffic . <SEP> what ?
by 1985 , the average american vehicle moved 17.4 miles per gallon , compared to 13.5 in 1970. the improvements stayed even though the price of a barrel of oil remained constant at $ 12 from 1974 to 1979. sales of large sedans for most makes ( except chrysler products ) recovered within two model years of the 1973 crisis . <SEP> by which year ?
hutchins eliminated varsity football from the university in an attempt to emphasize academics over athletics , instituted the undergraduate college 's liberal-arts curriculum known as the common core , and organized the university 's graduate work into its current [ when ? ] <SEP> what ?
petrologists can also use fluid inclusion data and perform high temperature and pressure physical experiments to understand the temperatures and pressures at which different mineral phases appear , and how they change through igneous and metamorphic processes . <SEP> how else ?
in 1351 , the red turban rebellion started and grew into a nationwide uprising . <SEP> what uprising ?
in the stomach , gastric acid and proteases serve as powerful chemical defenses against ingested pathogens . <SEP> what compounds in the stomach ?
during periods of lower global temperatures , snow and rain from that evaporated water tends to be higher in oxygen-16 , and the seawater left behind tends to be higher in oxygen-18 . <SEP> what form of oxygen ?
in 1993 , galor and zeira showed that inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has a long lasting detrimental effect on human capital formation and economic development . <SEP> 
executive power is exercised by the government . <SEP> who ?
robert nozick argued that government redistributes wealth by force ( usually in the form of taxation ) , and that the ideal moral society would be one where all individuals are free from force . <SEP> what ?
in japan , at the end of the asuka period ( 538–710 ) and the early nara period ( 710–794 ) , the men who fulfilled roles similar to those of modern pharmacists were highly respected . <SEP> how ?
jin had captured power by displacing khitan . <SEP> which ?
for instance , if a problem x can be solved using an algorithm for y , x is no more difficult than y , and we say that x reduces to y. there are many different types of reductions , based on the method of reduction , such as cook reductions , karp reductions and levin reductions , and the bound on the complexity of reductions , such as polynomial-time reductions or log-space reductions . <SEP> what function in relationship ?
because of the failure to explain the deamination gradient as well as the numerous plant species that have been shown to have circular cpdna , the predominant theory continues to hold that most cpdna is circular and most likely replicates via a d loop mechanism . <SEP> how ?
during the southern song dynasty the descendant of confucius at qufu , the duke yansheng kong duanyou fled south with the song emperor to quzhou , while the newly established jin dynasty ( 1115–1234 ) in the north appointed kong duanyou 's brother kong duancao who remained in qufu as duke yansheng . <SEP> who ?
the national art library ( also called word and image department ) at the victoria and albert museum collection catalog used to be kept in different formats including printed exhibit catalogs , and card catalogs . <SEP> by what other name ?
barred by the government from settling in new france , huguenots led by jessé de forest , sailed to north america in 1624 and settled instead in the dutch colony of new netherland ( later incorporated into new york and new jersey ) ; as well as great britain 's colonies , including nova scotia . <SEP> who ?
each step had to be successfully accomplished before the next ones could be performed , and it was unknown how many tries of each mission would be necessary ; therefore letters were used instead of numbers . <SEP> what ?
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche . <SEP> what ?
it is expected that the continuous input of sediment into the lake will silt up the lake . <SEP> what ?
it has a height of 617 ft ( 188 m ) and includes 42 floors . <SEP> how tall ?
whilst this is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics , some teachers and parents advocate a more assertive and confrontational style of discipline . <SEP> who ?
annual rainfall has ranged from 23.57 inches ( 598.7 mm ) in the “ rain year ” from july 1982 to june 1983 down to 4.43 inches ( 112.5 mm ) from july 1933 to june 1934. the most rainfall in one month was 9.54 inches ( 242.3 mm ) in november 1885 and the most rainfall in 24 hours 3.55 inches ( 90.2 mm ) on november 18 , 1885. measurable precipitation falls on an average of 48 days annually . <SEP> what ?
for the canadian broadcast , christopher eccleston recorded special video introductions for each episode ( including a trivia question as part of a viewer contest ) and excerpts from the doctor who confidential documentary were played over the closing credits ; for the broadcast of " the christmas invasion " on 26 december 2005 , billie piper recorded a special video introduction . <SEP> what ?
in its focus on the caliphate , the party takes a different view of muslim history than some other islamists such as muhammad qutb . <SEP> what ?
when some species , including bathyctena chuni , euplokamis stationis and eurhamphaea vexilligera , are disturbed , they produce secretions ( ink ) that luminesce at much the same wavelengths as their bodies . <SEP> what ?
they are named for their resemblance to neuronal dendrites , as both have many spine-like projections , but dendritic cells are in no way connected to the nervous system . <SEP> 
in september 1760 , and before any hostilities erupted , governor vaudreuil negotiated from montreal a capitulation with general amherst . <SEP> what british general ?
a recent molecular phylogenetics analysis concluded that the common ancestor of all modern ctenophores was cydippid-like , and that all the modern groups appeared relatively recently , probably after the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event 66 million years ago . <SEP> what event ?
private schools are often anglican , such as king 's college and diocesan school for girls in auckland , st paul 's collegiate school in hamilton , st peter 's school in cambridge , samuel marsden collegiate school in wellington , and christ 's college and st margaret 's college in christchurch ; or presbyterian , such as saint kentigern college and st cuthbert 's college in auckland , scots college and queen margaret college in wellington , and st andrew 's college and rangi ruru girls ' school in christchurch . <SEP> what denomination ?
in the early 1970s , abc completed its transition to color ; the decade as a whole would mark a turning point for abc , as it began to pass cbs and nbc in the ratings to become the first place network . <SEP> in what decade ?
in another incident , around 1177 , he was captured in a raid and held prisoner by his father 's former allies , the tayichi'ud . <SEP> who ?
some of the income was dispensed in the form of aid to other underdeveloped nations whose economies had been caught between higher oil prices and lower prices for their own export commodities , amid shrinking western demand . <SEP> what ?
in 1972 , almost all episodes then made were known to exist at the bbc , while by 1978 the practice of wiping tapes and destroying " spare " film copies had been brought to a stop . <SEP> when ?
kublai originally named his eldest son , zhenjin , as the crown prince , but he died before kublai in 1285. thus , zhenjin 's third son , with the support of his mother kökejin and the minister bayan , succeeded the throne and ruled as temür khan , or emperor chengzong , from 1294 to 1307. temür khan decided to maintain and continue much of the work begun by his grandfather . <SEP> when ?
in 1962 , graphic designer paul rand redesigned the abc logo into its best-known ( and current ) form , with the lowercase letters " abc " enclosed in a single black circle . <SEP> what graphic designer ?
ali bhutto , a leftist in democratic competition with islamists , had announced banning alcohol and nightclubs within six months , shortly before he was overthrown . <SEP> what ?
in past times , corporal punishment ( spanking or paddling or caning or strapping or birching the student in order to cause physical pain ) was one of the most common forms of school discipline throughout much of the world . <SEP> what ?
teachers with more experience and higher education earn more than those with a standard bachelor 's degree and certificate . <SEP> what two factors ?
the mongol military was also successful in siege warfare , cutting off resources for cities and towns by diverting certain rivers , taking enemy prisoners and driving them in front of the army , and adopting new ideas , techniques and tools from the people they conquered , particularly in employing muslim and chinese siege engines and engineers to aid the mongol cavalry in capturing cities . <SEP> what ?
in the genus beroe the juveniles , like the adults , lack tentacles and tentacle sheaths . <SEP> which ?
in 1970 , the fcc voted to pass the financial interest and syndication rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any of the prime time programming that they broadcast . <SEP> in what year ?
a final , three-story fifth series was transmitted in autumn 2011 – uncompleted due to the death of elisabeth sladen in early 2011 . <SEP> why ?
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales . <SEP> where ?
the war in north america officially ended with the signing of the treaty of paris on 10 february 1763 , and war in the european theatre of the seven years ' war was settled by the treaty of hubertusburg on 15 february 1763. the british offered france the choice of surrendering either its continental north american possessions east of the mississippi or the caribbean islands of guadeloupe and martinique , which had been occupied by the british . <SEP> when ?
another motive for the large scale purchase of arms from the us by saudi arabia was the failure of the shah during january 1979 to maintain control of iran , a non-arabic but largely shiite muslim nation , which fell to a theocratic islamist government under the ayatollah ruhollah khomeini in the wake of the 1979 iranian revolution . <SEP> when ?
luther based his order on the catholic service but omitted " everything that smacks of sacrifice " ; and the mass became a celebration where everyone received the wine as well as the bread . <SEP> what parts of the original catholic mass ?
in the secret history of the mongols , just before the invasion of the khwarezmid empire by genghis khan , chagatai declared before his father and brothers that he would never accept jochi as genghis khan 's successor . <SEP> which mongol leader ?
the walt disney company is also a part-owner of hulu ( as part of a consortium that includes , among other parties , the respective parent companies of nbc and fox , nbcuniversal and 21st century fox ) , and has offered full-length episodes of most of abc 's programming through the streaming service since july 6 , 2009 ( which are available for viewing on hulu 's website and mobile app ) , as part of an agreement reached in april that year that also allowed disney to acquire a 27 % ownership stake in hulu . <SEP> 
in the case of spacesuits , the o 2 partial pressure in the breathing gas is , in general , about 30 kpa ( 1.4 times normal ) , and the resulting o 2 partial pressure in the astronaut 's arterial blood is only marginally more than normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure ( for more information on this , see space suit and arterial blood gas ) . <SEP> what ?
an architect normally manages the job , and a construction manager , design engineer , construction engineer or project manager supervises it . <SEP> who ?
in addition to the bubonic infection , others point to additional septicemic ( a type of " blood poisoning " ) and pneumonic ( an airborne plague that attacks the lungs before the rest of the body ) forms of the plague , which lengthen the duration of outbreaks throughout the seasons and help account for its high mortality rate and additional recorded symptoms . <SEP> what ?
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit . <SEP> when ?
thus , the straight line path in space-time is seen as a curved line in space , and it is called the ballistic trajectory of the object . <SEP> what space-time path ?
the collection of drawings includes over 10,000 british and 2,000 old master works , including works by : dürer , giovanni benedetto castiglione , bernardo buontalenti , rembrandt , antonio verrio , paul sandby , john russell , angelica kauffman , john flaxman , hugh douglas hamilton , thomas rowlandson , william kilburn , thomas girtin , jean auguste dominique ingres , david wilkie , john martin , samuel palmer , sir edwin henry landseer , lord frederic leighton , sir samuel luke fildes and aubrey beardsley . <SEP> approximately how many british drawings ?
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in . <SEP> why ?
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance . <SEP> in what year ?
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape . <SEP> what shakespeare scholar ?
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium . <SEP> how many stadiums ?
the surface of most metals , such as aluminium and titanium , are oxidized in the presence of air and become coated with a thin film of oxide that passivates the metal and slows further corrosion . <SEP> what ?
the oude maas branches off , near dordrecht , farther down rejoining the nieuwe maas to form het scheur . <SEP> what ?
in addition , they perform analog and numerical experiments of rock deformation in large and small settings . <SEP> what kind of experiments of rock deformation ?
in 1755 , the british captured fort beauséjour on the border separating nova scotia from acadia ; soon afterward they ordered the expulsion of the acadians . <SEP> what ?
this is not a problem except for patients on mechanical ventilators , since gas supplied through oxygen masks in medical applications is typically composed of only 30 % –50 % o 2 by volume ( about 30 kpa at standard pressure ) . <SEP> what medical appliance ?
deke slayton , the grounded mercury astronaut who became director of flight crew operations for the gemini and apollo programs , selected the first apollo crew in january 1966 , with grissom as command pilot , white as senior pilot , and rookie donn f. eisele as pilot . <SEP> for which ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> at which super bowl ?
for exercise , tesla walked between 8 to 10 miles per day . <SEP> what ?
one of the rarest items in the collection is the 58 cm high gloucester candlestick , dated to c1110 , made from gilt bronze ; with highly elaborate and intricate intertwining branches containing small figures and inscriptions , it is a tour de force of bronze casting . <SEP> which material ?
they hold the uk 's biggest national collection of material about live performance in the uk since shakespeare 's day , covering drama , dance , musical theatre , circus , music hall , rock and pop , and most other forms of live entertainment . <SEP> 
to celebrate the 40th anniversary in 2003 , an audio drama titled zagreus featuring paul mcgann , colin baker , sylvester mccoy and peter davison was released with additional archive recordings of jon pertwee . <SEP> what special audio recording ?
for a precise definition of what it means to solve a problem using a given amount of time and space , a computational model such as the deterministic turing machine is used . <SEP> what ?
richard allen and absalom jones became the first african americans ordained by the methodist church . <SEP> who ?
individual plant cells respond to molecules associated with pathogens known as pathogen-associated molecular patterns or pamps . <SEP> 
an element p of r is called prime element if it is neither zero nor a unit ( i.e. , does not have a multiplicative inverse ) and satisfies the following requirement : given x and y in r such that p divides the product xy , then p divides x or y. an element is irreducible if it is not a unit and can not be written as a product of two ring elements that are not units . <SEP> what ?
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " . <SEP> what one word ?
the plan that the delegates agreed to was never ratified by the colonial legislatures nor approved of by the crown . <SEP> 
he explained his concept of " justification " in the smalcald articles : <SEP> where ?
warsaw remained the capital of the polish–lithuanian commonwealth until 1796 , when it was annexed by the kingdom of prussia to become the capital of the province of south prussia . <SEP> how long ?
prince frederick iii , elector of saxony , obtained a safe conduct for luther to and from the meeting . <SEP> who ?
in 1935 , in an annual birthday celebration interview , tesla announced a method of transmitting mechanical energy with minimal loss over any terrestrial distance , a related new means of communication , and a method of accurately determining the location of underground mineral deposits . <SEP> what ?
in april 1970 , congress passed the public health cigarette smoking act which banned cigarette advertising from all television and radio networks , including abc , when it took effect on january 2 , 1971. citing limited profitability of its cinemas , abc great states , the central west division of abc theatres , was sold to henry plitt in 1974. on january 17 , 1972 , elton rule was named president and chief operating officer of abc a few months after goldenson reduced his role in the company after suffering a heart attack . <SEP> who ?
andreas karlstadt , supported by the ex-augustinian gabriel zwilling , embarked on a radical programme of reform there in june 1521 , exceeding anything envisaged by luther . <SEP> when ?
it was a plug-n-play system . <SEP> 
if a problem x is in c and hard for c , then x is said to be complete for c. this means that x is the hardest problem in c. ( since many problems could be equally hard , one might say that x is one of the hardest problems in c. ) thus the class of np-complete problems contains the most difficult problems in np , in the sense that they are the ones most likely not to be in p. because the problem p = np is not solved , being able to reduce a known np-complete problem , π2 , to another problem , π1 , would indicate that there is no known polynomial-time solution for π1 . <SEP> what ?
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation . <SEP> when ?
the first commercially available audiobook was an abridged reading of the fourth doctor story state of decay in 1981. in 1988 , during a hiatus in the television show , slipback , the first radio drama , was transmitted . <SEP> in what year ?
as the andes mountains rose , however , a large basin was created that enclosed a lake ; now known as the solimões basin . <SEP> what ?
:162–164 in february 1912 , an article— " nikola tesla , dreamer " by allan l. benson—was published in world today , in which an artist 's illustration appears showing the entire earth cracking in half with the caption , " tesla claims that in a few weeks he could set the earth 's crust into such a state of vibration that it would rise and fall hundreds of feet and practically destroy civilization . <SEP> what publication ?
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> what ?
as a practice area and specialist domain , pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the needs of major national and international patient information projects and health system interoperability goals . <SEP> how fast ?
premiering the day after the assassination of john f. kennedy , the first episode of doctor who was repeated with the second episode the following week . <SEP> who ?
king david i of scotland , whose elder brother alexander i had married sybilla of normandy , was instrumental in introducing normans and norman culture to scotland , part of the process some scholars call the " davidian revolution " . <SEP> what culture 's arrival in scotland ?
in 1018 , roger de tosny travelled to the iberian peninsula to carve out a state for himself from moorish lands , but failed . <SEP> what year ?
plotting the relationship between level of income and inequality , kuznets saw middle-income developing economies level of inequality bulging out to form what is now known as the kuznets curve . <SEP> what ?
at the time of their marriage , katharina was 26 years old and luther was 41 years old . <SEP> how old ?
john wesley warned against the dangers of drinking in his famous sermon , " the use of money , " and in his letter to an alcoholic . <SEP> what ?
the statement was in latin , apart from " we are beggars , " which was in german . <SEP> what portion of luther 's last statement ?
shark tank ( based on the dragon 's den reality format ) also became a midseason sleeper hit on sundays in the spring of 2010 ; the following season , it became the tentpole of the network 's friday night schedule , gradually helping make abc a strong competitor ( after being paired with 20/20 and beginning with the 2012–13 season , the tim allen sitcom last man standing ) against cbs ' long-dominant drama/reality lineup on that night for the first time since the " tgif " lineup ended in 2000 . <SEP> who ?
photosystem ii and photosystem i contain light-harvesting complexes with chlorophyll and carotenoids that absorb light energy and use it to energize electrons . <SEP> what ?
despite being relatively unaffected by the embargo , the uk nonetheless faced an oil crisis of its own - a series of strikes by coal miners and railroad workers over the winter of 1973–74 became a major factor in the change of government . <SEP> when ?
private fee-paying schools include parish schools run by the roman catholic church and independent schools similar to british public schools . <SEP> what church ?
during the mid-eocene , it is believed that the drainage basin of the amazon was split along the middle of the continent by the purus arch . <SEP> what period the drainage basin of the amazon likely split ?
the first result in that direction is the prime number theorem , proven at the end of the 19th century , which says that the probability that a given , randomly chosen number n is prime is inversely proportional to its number of digits , or to the logarithm of n . <SEP> what theorem ?
this law also exists in austria for general physicians if the nearest pharmacy is more than 4 kilometers away , or where none is registered in the city . <SEP> what ?
the john crerar library contains more than 1.3 million volumes in the biological , medical and physical sciences and collections in general science and the philosophy and history of science , medicine , and technology . <SEP> how many volumes ?
chao were made from the bark of mulberry trees . <SEP> what ?
ondemar dias is accredited with first discovering the geoglyphs in 1977 and alceu ranzi with furthering their discovery after flying over acre . <SEP> who ?
tesla wrote a number of books and articles for magazines and journals . <SEP> who ?
a wide selection of serials are available from bbc video on dvd , on sale in the united kingdom , australia , canada and the united states . <SEP> what countries ?
in denver , koa ( 850 am ) and krfx ( 103.5 fm ) will carry the game , with dave logan on play-by-play and ed mccaffrey on color commentary . <SEP> who ?
the income gap in other countries ranges from 53 % in botswana to -40 % in bahrain . <SEP> what ?
western medicine was also practiced in china by the nestorian christians of the yuan court , where it was sometimes labeled as huihui or muslim medicine . <SEP> what ?
saudi arabia , trying to recover market share , increased production , pushing prices down , shrinking or eliminating profits for high-cost producers . <SEP> why ?
as part of the 2006 renovation the mosaic floors in the sculpture gallery were restored—most of the victorian floors were covered in linoleum after the second world war . <SEP> what ?
the principle behind vaccination ( also called immunization ) is to introduce an antigen from a pathogen in order to stimulate the immune system and develop specific immunity against that particular pathogen without causing disease associated with that organism . <SEP> what ?
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of " invisible " kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments ( later identified as " roentgen rays " or " x-rays " ) . <SEP> what ?
the names of at least six daughters are known , and while they played significant roles behind the scenes during his lifetime , no documents have survived that definitively provide the number or names of daughters born to the consorts of genghis khan . <SEP> how many names of ghengis khan 's daughters ?
their local rivals , polonia warsaw , have significantly fewer supporters , yet they managed to win ekstraklasa championship in 2000. they also won the country ’ s championship in 1946 , and won the cup twice as well . <SEP> who ?
politics : u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon ; american political leaders john hancock , john adams , john quincy adams , rutherford b. hayes , theodore roosevelt , franklin d. roosevelt , john f. kennedy , al gore , george w. bush and barack obama ; chilean president sebastián piñera ; colombian president juan manuel santos ; costa rican president josé maría figueres ; mexican presidents felipe calderón , carlos salinas de gortari and miguel de la madrid ; mongolian president tsakhiagiin elbegdorj ; peruvian president alejandro toledo ; taiwanese president ma ying-jeou ; canadian governor general david lloyd johnston ; indian member of parliament jayant sinha ; albanian prime minister fan s. noli ; canadian prime ministers mackenzie king and pierre trudeau ; greek prime minister antonis samaras ; israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ; former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ; u. s. secretary of housing and urban development shaun donovan ; canadian political leader michael ignatieff ; pakistani members of provincial assembly murtaza bhutto and sanam bhutto ; bangladesh minister of finance abul maal abdul muhith ; president of puntland abdiweli mohamed ali ; u.s. ambassador to the european union anthony luzzatto gardner . <SEP> what un secretary ?
statements from the presiding officer and the member in charge of the bill are also lodged indicating whether the bill is within the legislative competence of the parliament . <SEP> what ?
the gphc is the governing body for pharmacy health care professionals and this is who regulates the practice of pharmacists and pharmacy technicians . <SEP> what ?
roman catholic theology stated that faith alone , whether fiduciary or dogmatic , can not justify man ; justification rather depends only on such faith as is active in charity and good works ( fides caritate formata ) . <SEP> what ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> how old ?
the rhine ( romansh : rein , german : rhein , french : le rhin , dutch : rijn ) is a european river that begins in the swiss canton of graubünden in the southeastern swiss alps , forms part of the swiss-austrian , swiss-liechtenstein border , swiss-german and then the franco-german border , then flows through the rhineland and eventually empties into the north sea in the netherlands . <SEP> what country ?
in developed countries , obesity , alcoholism , and drug use are common causes of poor immune function . <SEP> what ?
through combining the definition of electric current as the time rate of change of electric charge , a rule of vector multiplication called lorentz 's law describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field . <SEP> what ?
in world war ii , charles de gaulle and the free french used the overseas colonies as bases from which they fought to liberate france . <SEP> where ?
the scottish parliament building was designed by spanish architect enric miralles in partnership with local edinburgh architecture firm rmjm which was led by design principal tony kettle . <SEP> what nationality ?
atp synthase uses the energy from the flowing hydrogen ions to phosphorylate adenosine diphosphate into adenosine triphosphate , or atp . <SEP> what ?
these are the greater los angeles area at 17,786,419 , and san diego–tijuana at 5,105,768. of these metropolitan areas , the los angeles-long beach-santa ana metropolitan area , riverside-san bernardino-ontario metropolitan area , and oxnard-thousand oaks-ventura metropolitan area form greater los angeles ; while the el centro metropolitan area and san diego-carlsbad-san marcos metropolitan area form the southern border region . <SEP> what ?
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott . <SEP> where ?
central business districts ( cbd ) include downtown los angeles , downtown san diego , downtown san bernardino , downtown bakersfield , south coast metro and downtown riverside . <SEP> what ?
this final modification to electromagnetic theory ultimately led to quantum electrodynamics ( or qed ) , which fully describes all electromagnetic phenomena as being mediated by wave–particles known as photons . <SEP> what ?
two thirds of the water flow volume of the rhine flows farther west , through the waal and then , via the merwede and nieuwe merwede ( de biesbosch ) , merging with the meuse , through the hollands diep and haringvliet estuaries , into the north sea . <SEP> which direction ?
the image at the right illustrates that 12 is not prime : 12 = 3 · 4. no even number greater than 2 is prime because by definition , any such number n has at least three distinct divisors , namely 1 , 2 , and n. this implies that n is not prime . <SEP> what ?
saudi arabia spent over 100 billion dollars in the ensuing decades for helping spread its fundamentalist interpretation of islam , known as wahhabism , throughout the world , via religious charities such al-haramain foundation , which often also distributed funds to violent sunni extremist groups such as al-qaeda and the taliban . <SEP> what ?
the program passed into history by 1910 . <SEP> in what year ?
a small fraction of the flow is diverted off the island of mainau into lake überlingen . <SEP> to what other lake ?
[ further explanation needed ] after the defeat of napoleon , who caused the dissolution of that holy roman empire , prussia and the german states continued to stand aloof from imperialism , preferring to manipulate the european system through the concert of europe . <SEP> who ?
the justification for this is that a lack of education leads directly to lower incomes , and thus lower aggregate savings and investment . <SEP> what ?
upper and lower bounds are usually stated using the big o notation , which hides constant factors and smaller terms . <SEP> what expression ?
a new bus station , replacing the old underground bus station , was officially opened in march 2007. the wing of the centre , including the undercover green market , near grainger street was demolished in 2007 so that the area could be redeveloped . <SEP> what year ?
a second series of torchwood aired in 2008 ; for three episodes , the cast was joined by freema agyeman reprising her doctor who role of martha jones . <SEP> when ?
nonetheless , worldvision sold portions of its catalog , including the ruby-spears and hanna-barbera libraries , to turner broadcasting system in 1990. with disney 's 1996 purchase of abc , abc circle films was absorbed into touchstone television , a disney subsidiary which in turn was renamed abc studios in 2007 . <SEP> what company ?
informal learning may be assisted by a teacher occupying a transient or ongoing role , such as a family member , or by anyone with knowledge or skills in the wider community setting . <SEP> what ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> when ?
nintendo and the pokémon company also made their super bowl debut , promoting the 20th anniversary of the pokémon video game and media franchise . <SEP> which video gaming company ?
westinghouse convinced tesla to release his company from the licensing agreement over tesla 's ac patents in exchange for westinghouse electric purchasing the patents for a lump sum payment of $ 216,000 ; this provided westinghouse a break from what , due to alternating current 's rapid gain in popularity , had turned out to be an overly generous $ 2.50 per ac horsepower royalty . <SEP> what ?
instead , he took the conquered tribe under his protection and integrated its members into his own tribe . <SEP> what ?
west irvine includes the irvine tech center and jamboree business parks . <SEP> to which business center ?
nasa 's calipso satellite has measured the amount of dust transported by wind from the sahara to the amazon : an average 182 million tons of dust are windblown out of the sahara each year , at 15 degrees west longitude , across 1,600 miles ( 2,600 km ) over the atlantic ocean ( some dust falls into the atlantic ) , then at 35 degrees west longitude at the eastern coast of south america , 27.7 million tons ( 15 % ) of dust fall over the amazon basin , 132 million tons of dust remain in the air , 43 million tons of dust are windblown and falls on the caribbean sea , past 75 degrees west longitude . <SEP> how many tons of dust ?
since deterministic turing machines are special non-deterministic turing machines , it is easily observed that each problem in p is also member of the class np . <SEP> in what theoretical machine ?
the president is both the head of state and head of government , and of a multi-party system . <SEP> what titles ?
in marine service , ( pioneered on the turbinia ) , steam turbines with reduction gearing ( although the turbinia has direct turbines to propellers with no reduction gearbox ) dominated large ship propulsion throughout the late 20th century , being more efficient ( and requiring far less maintenance ) than reciprocating steam engines . <SEP> what ?
the time required by a deterministic turing machine m on input x is the total number of state transitions , or steps , the machine makes before it halts and outputs the answer ( " yes " or " no " ) . <SEP> 
in 2005 agriculture , including forestry and fishing , accounted for 24 % of gdp , as well as for 18 % of wage employment and 50 % of revenue from exports . <SEP> how much of the gdp ?
cbs broadcast super bowl 50 in the u.s. , and charged an average of $ 5 million for a 30-second commercial during the game . <SEP> which network ?
the zeta function is closely related to prime numbers . <SEP> what function ?
claiming that the law – in any form – should not be preached to christians anymore would be tantamount to asserting that christians are no longer sinners in themselves and that the church consists only of essentially holy people . <SEP> what ?
he squished his toes one hundred times for each foot every night , saying that it stimulated his brain cells . <SEP> what ?
inflammation causes a great deal of oxidative stress and the presence of melatonin during sleep times could actively counteract free radical production during this time . <SEP> 
it has been used in many nonviolent resistance movements in india ( gandhi 's campaigns for independence from the british empire ) , in czechoslovakia 's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid , in the american civil rights movement , in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union , recently with the 2003 rose revolution in georgia and the 2004 orange revolution in ukraine , among other various movements worldwide . <SEP> where ?
europe 's last major epidemic occurred in 1720 in marseille . <SEP> when ?
during excavations at lake turkana in 1984 , paleoanthropologist richard leakey assisted by kamoya kimeu discovered the turkana boy , a 1.6-million-year-old fossil belonging to homo erectus . <SEP> how old ?
early colour videotape recordings made off-air by fans have also been retrieved , as well as excerpts filmed from the television screen onto 8 mm cine film and clips that were shown on other programmes . <SEP> what type of film ?
the scottish parliament building was designed by spanish architect enric miralles in partnership with local edinburgh architecture firm rmjm which was led by design principal tony kettle . <SEP> who ?
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique . <SEP> in which century ?
the mongol army under genghis khan , generals and his sons crossed the tien shan mountains by entering the area controlled by the khwarezmian empire . <SEP> what mountain range ?
possible missions included ferrying crews to a space station , circumlunar flights , and eventual manned lunar landings . <SEP> what ?
according to biraben , the plague was present somewhere in europe in every year between 1346 and 1671. the second pandemic was particularly widespread in the following years : 1360–63 ; 1374 ; 1400 ; 1438–39 ; 1456–57 ; 1464–66 ; 1481–85 ; 1500–03 ; 1518–31 ; 1544–48 ; 1563–66 ; 1573–88 ; 1596–99 ; 1602–11 ; 1623–40 ; 1644–54 ; and 1664–67 . <SEP> what ?
this defeat was a catalyst for the fall and eventual dissolution of the keraite tribe . <SEP> what tribe ?
luther confided to michael stiefel on 11 august 1526 : " my katie is in all things so obliging and pleasing to me that i would not exchange my poverty for the riches of croesus . " <SEP> what ?
the engulfed alga was broken down , leaving only its chloroplast , and sometimes its cell membrane and nucleus , forming a chloroplast with three or four membranes—the two cyanobacterial membranes , sometimes the eaten alga 's cell membrane , and the phagosomal vacuole from the host 's cell membrane . <SEP> what additional membranes ?
the v & a dundee will be on the city 's waterfront and is intended to focus on fashion , architecture , product design , graphic arts and photography . <SEP> where in dundee ?
elders in full connection are each a member of their annual conference order of elders . <SEP> 
major bequests include reverend chauncy hare townshend 's collection of 154 gems bequeathed in 1869 , lady cory 's 1951 gift of major diamond jewellery from the 18th and 19th centuries , and jewellery scholar dame joan evans ' 1977 gift of more than 800 jewels dating from the middle ages to the early 19th century . <SEP> in which year ?
it was " entirely devoted to the obdurate jews , whom it was a matter of great urgency to expel from all german territory , " according to léon poliakov . <SEP> what ?
as well as creating rights for " workers " who generally lack bargaining power in the market , the treaty on the functioning of the european union also protects the " freedom of establishment " in article 49 , and " freedom to provide services " in article 56. in gebhard v consiglio dell ’ ordine degli avvocati e procuratori di milano the court of justice held that to be " established " means to participate in economic life " on a stable and continuous basis " , while providing " services " meant pursuing activity more " on a temporary basis " . <SEP> which treaty ?
the antigens expressed by tumors have several sources ; some are derived from oncogenic viruses like human papillomavirus , which causes cervical cancer , while others are the organism 's own proteins that occur at low levels in normal cells but reach high levels in tumor cells . <SEP> what ?
the advantage here is that students learn from teachers who specialize in one subject and who tend to be more knowledgeable in that one area than a teacher who teaches many subjects . <SEP> 
with over 600,000 drawings , over 750,000 papers and paraphernalia , and over 700,000 photographs from around the world , together they form the world 's most comprehensive architectural resource . <SEP> approximately how many ?
in 1916 the college moved to what is now the site of fresno city college one-half mile north of the tower district . <SEP> how far ?
light has been shown to be a requirement for chloroplast division . <SEP> what ?
in business , notable alumni include microsoft ceo satya nadella , oracle corporation founder and the third richest man in america larry ellison , goldman sachs and mf global ceo as well as former governor of new jersey jon corzine , mckinsey & company founder and author of the first management accounting textbook james o. mckinsey , arley d. cathey , bloomberg l.p. ceo daniel doctoroff , credit suisse ceo brady dougan , morningstar , inc. founder and ceo joe mansueto , chicago cubs owner and chairman thomas s. ricketts , and nba commissioner adam silver . <SEP> who ?
the story is based on comments made by philipp melanchthon , though it is thought that he was not in wittenberg at the time . <SEP> on whose comments ?
a chapter typically has two " coordinating lead authors " , ten to fifteen " lead authors " , and a somewhat larger number of " contributing authors " . <SEP> how many ?
the game 's media day , which was typically held on the tuesday afternoon prior to the game , was moved to the monday evening and re-branded as super bowl opening night . <SEP> on what day ?
in response to american aid to israel , on october 16 , 1973 , opec raised the posted price of oil by 70 % , to $ 5.11 a barrel . <SEP> when ?
here the rhine flows through the largest conurbation in germany , the rhine-ruhr region . <SEP> what ?
the adoption of compounding was common for industrial units , for road engines and almost universal for marine engines after 1880 ; it was not universally popular in railway locomotives where it was often perceived as complicated . <SEP> what ?
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church . <SEP> what ?
southern california is home to los angeles international airport , the second-busiest airport in the united states by passenger volume ( see world 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see busiest airports in the united states by international passenger traffic ) ; san diego international airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; van nuys airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at orange county , bakersfield , ontario , burbank and long beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports . <SEP> which airport ?
karl von miltitz , a papal nuncio , attempted to broker a solution , but luther , who had sent the pope a copy of on the freedom of a christian in october , publicly set fire to the bull and decretals at wittenberg on 10 december 1520 , an act he defended in why the pope and his recent book are burned and assertions concerning all articles . <SEP> who ?
normally , the reenergized electrons are taken by nadp+ , though sometimes they can flow back down more h+-pumping electron transport chains to transport more hydrogen ions into the thylakoid space to generate more atp . <SEP> what ?
constructing a project that fails to adhere to codes does not benefit the owner . <SEP> that ?
during that year , tesla taught a large class of students in his old school , higher real gymnasium , in gospić . <SEP> where ?
he read many books while in tomingaj , and later said that mark twain 's works had helped him to miraculously recover from his earlier illness . <SEP> what author ?
a number of researchers ( david rodda , jacob vigdor , and janna matlack ) , argue that a shortage of affordable housing – at least in the us – is caused in part by income inequality . <SEP> what ?
this is because , with informal rule , the control is spread more subtly through technological superiority , enforcing land officials into large debts that can not be repaid , ownership of private industries thus expanding the controlled area , or having countries agree to uneven trade agreements forcefully . <SEP> which ?
in ireland , private schools ( irish : scoil phríobháideach ) are unusual because a certain number of teacher 's salaries are paid by the state . <SEP> what ?
the host committee has already raised over $ 40 million through sponsors including apple , google , yahoo ! , intel , gap , chevron , and dignity health . <SEP> how ?
it caused the most property damage of any earthquake in u.s. history , estimated at over $ 20 billion . <SEP> what kind of destruction ?
it was not until the 1965–66 season that color became the dominant format for the three broadcast television networks . <SEP> for which tv season ?
indeed , this can be done by giving the same input to both inputs of the multiplication algorithm . <SEP> what ?
in 1501 , at the age of 19 , he entered the university of erfurt , which he later described as a beerhouse and whorehouse . <SEP> where ?
roman catholic theology stated that faith alone , whether fiduciary or dogmatic , can not justify man ; justification rather depends only on such faith as is active in charity and good works ( fides caritate formata ) . <SEP> what ?
the collection has numerous examples of various types of textiles designed by william morris , including , embroidery , woven fabrics , tapestries ( including 'the forest ' tapestry of 1887 ) , rugs and carpets , as well as pattern books and paper designs . <SEP> in which year ?
thomas newcomen 's atmospheric engine was the first commercial true steam engine using a piston , and was used in 1712 for pumping in a mine . <SEP> in what year ?
temüjin began his ascent to power by offering himself as an ally ( or , according to other sources , a vassal ) to his father 's anda ( sworn brother or blood brother ) toghrul , who was khan of the keraites , and is better known by the chinese title " wang khan " , which the jurchen jin dynasty granted him in 1197. this relationship was first reinforced when börte was captured by the merkits . <SEP> with whom ?
in the region of the xingu tribe , remains of some of these large settlements in the middle of the amazon forest were found in 2003 by michael heckenberger and colleagues of the university of florida . <SEP> who ?
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> who ?
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service . <SEP> which wireless company ?
the ones that accept government funds are called 'aided ' schools . <SEP> what ?
this led maxwell to discover that electric and magnetic fields could be " self-generating " through a wave that traveled at a speed that he calculated to be the speed of light . <SEP> who ?
bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlviii halftime show , and mark ronson also performed . <SEP> what previous super bowl halftime show ?
heading home , subutai 's forces attacked the allied forces of the cuman–kipchaks and the poorly coordinated 80,000 kievan rus ' troops led by mstislav the bold of halych and mstislav iii of kiev who went out to stop the mongols ' actions in the area . <SEP> who ?
both x.25 and frame relay provide connection-oriented operations . but x.25 does it at the network layer of the osi model . frame relay does it at level two , the data link layer . <SEP> what ?
the airport handles over five million passengers per year , and is the tenth largest , and the fastest growing regional airport in the uk , expecting to reach 10 million passengers by 2016 , and 15 million by 2030. as of 2007 [ update ] , over 90 destinations are available worldwide . <SEP> how many passengers per year ?
after each election to the scottish parliament , at the beginning of each parliamentary session , parliament elects one msp to serve as presiding officer , the equivalent of the speaker ( currently tricia marwick ) , and two msps to serve as deputies ( currently elaine smith and john scott ) . <SEP> who ?
as such the european court of justice is bound to draw inspiration from the constitutional traditions common to the member states . <SEP> where ?
janet gray and other supporters of the hypothesis suggest that the name huguenote would be roughly equivalent to little hugos , or those who want hugo . <SEP> what ?
the brotherhood has suffered periodic repression in egypt and has been banned several times , in 1948 and several years later following confrontations with egyptian president gamal abdul nasser , who jailed thousands of members for several years . <SEP> when ?
petroleum accounts for 20 % to 25 % of the national import bill . <SEP> how much ?
in 1996 , a more conservative and anti-democratic islamist movement known as the taliban rose to power , defeated most of the warlords and took over roughly 80 % of afghanistan . <SEP> how much of afghanistan ?
the biggest city on the river rhine is cologne , germany with a population of more than 1,050,000 people . <SEP> what ?
in against the murderous , thieving hordes of peasants , written on his return to wittenberg , he gave his interpretation of the gospel teaching on wealth , condemned the violence as the devil 's work , and called for the nobles to put down the rebels like mad dogs : <SEP> what ?
bolshevik leaders had effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire by 1921 , however with an internationalist ideology : lenin in particular asserted the right to limited self-determination for national minorities within the new territory . <SEP> who ?
however that year , abc had only 14 primary affiliates compared to the 74 that carried the majority of cbs programs and the 71 that were primarily affiliated with nbc . <SEP> how many primary affiliates ?
it is believed that np is not equal to co-np ; however , it has not yet been proven . <SEP> what ?
contacts with the west also brought the introduction to china of a major food crop , sorghum , along with other foreign food products and methods of preparation . <SEP> what major crop ?
this is underlined by an observation of herbivorous fishes deliberately feeding on gelatinous zooplankton during blooms in the red sea . <SEP> where ?
at 1 a.m. he awoke with more chest pain and was warmed with hot towels . <SEP> when ?
following the peterloo massacre of 1819 , poet percy shelley wrote the political poem the mask of anarchy later that year , that begins with the images of what he thought to be the unjust forms of authority of his time—and then imagines the stirrings of a new form of social action . <SEP> what poet ?
the tenth series will introduce pearl mackie as bill , the doctor 's newest traveling companion . <SEP> who ?
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique . <SEP> by which two artists ?
southern california is also home to the port of los angeles , the united states ' busiest commercial port ; the adjacent port of long beach , the united states ' second busiest container port ; and the port of san diego . <SEP> what ?
with a population of 3,792,621 , los angeles is the most populous city in california and the second most populous in the united states . <SEP> what ?
these societies also served as a space for travellers to share these stories.political geographers such as friedrich ratzel of germany and halford mackinder of britain also supported imperialism . <SEP> where ?
to compensate for stagnating and declining purchasing power , political pressure has developed to extend easier credit to the lower and middle income earners – particularly to buy homes – and easier credit in general to keep unemployment rates low . <SEP> what ?
a function problem is a computational problem where a single output ( of a total function ) is expected for every input , but the output is more complex than that of a decision problem , that is , it is n't just yes or no . <SEP> 
following the transition to democracy , the legal form of " model c " was abolished , however , the term continues to be used to describe government schools formerly reserved for white children.. these schools tend to produce better academic results than government schools formerly reserved for other race groups . <SEP> how ?
as a practice area and specialist domain , pharmacy informatics is growing quickly to meet the needs of major national and international patient information projects and health system interoperability goals . <SEP> whose needs ?
one theory is that , while disobedience may be helpful , any great amount of it would undermine the law by encouraging general disobedience which is neither conscientious nor of social benefit . <SEP> what needs ?
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> which ?
[ citation needed ] in the united states , in order for a prescription for a controlled substance to be valid , it must be issued for a legitimate medical purpose by a licensed practitioner acting in the course of legitimate doctor-patient relationship . <SEP> what ?
he had long condemned vows of celibacy on biblical grounds , but his decision to marry surprised many , not least melanchthon , who called it reckless . <SEP> why ?
the previous record was 244 yards by the baltimore ravens in super bowl xxxv . <SEP> what team ?
peridinin is not found in any other group of chloroplasts . <SEP> what ?
however , some computational problems are easier to analyze in terms of more unusual resources . <SEP> 
the clinical pharmacist 's role involves creating a comprehensive drug therapy plan for patient-specific problems , identifying goals of therapy , and reviewing all prescribed medications prior to dispensing and administration to the patient . <SEP> what ?
it has hosted a season of performances from the royal shakespeare company for over 25 years , as well as touring productions of west end musicals . <SEP> what company ?
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game . <SEP> who ?
fertilization is generally external , although platyctenids ' eggs are fertilized inside their parents ' bodies and kept there until they hatch . <SEP> which group ?
many engineers feared that a rendezvous —let alone a docking— neither of which had been attempted even in earth orbit , would be extremely difficult in lunar orbit . <SEP> what ?
with the show 's 2005 revival , executive producer russell t davies stated his intention to reintroduce classic icons of doctor who one step at a time : the autons with the nestene consciousness and daleks in series 1 , cybermen in series 2 , the macra and the master in series 3 , the sontarans and davros in series 4 , and the time lords ( rassilon ) in the 2009–10 specials . <SEP> what ?
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls . <SEP> how many teams ?
rubisco has a problem—it has trouble distinguishing between carbon dioxide and oxygen , so at high oxygen concentrations , rubisco starts accidentally adding oxygen to sugar precursors . <SEP> what effect ?
( while a self-described state , it lacks international recognition . ) <SEP> what ?
in the year 2011 two ipcc special report were finalized , the special report on renewable energy sources and climate change mitigation ( srren ) and the special report on managing risks of extreme events and disasters to advance climate change adaptation ( srex ) . <SEP> when ?
some are simultaneous hermaphrodites , which can produce both eggs and sperm at the same time . <SEP> what ?
by contrast to the ecj 's relaxed approach , a committee of independent experts found that a culture had developed where few commissioners had ‘ even the slightest sense of responsibility ’ . <SEP> who ?
in 1096 , crusaders passing by the siege of amalfi were joined by bohemond of taranto and his nephew tancred with an army of italo-normans . <SEP> what ?
immunodeficiency occurs when the immune system is less active than normal , resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections . <SEP> what ?
it ceded french louisiana west of the mississippi river ( including new orleans ) to its ally spain , in compensation for spain 's loss to britain of florida ( spain had ceded this to britain in exchange for the return of havana , cuba ) . <SEP> what land ?
a restartable version of the s-ivb was used as the third stage of the saturn v. the saturn ib could send over 40,000 pounds ( 18,100 kg ) into low earth orbit , sufficient for a partially fueled csm or the lm . <SEP> 
they are also being paid for by the government for medicine use reviews . <SEP> what ?
for reasons of economy , oxygen is often transported in bulk as a liquid in specially insulated tankers , since one liter of liquefied oxygen is equivalent to 840 liters of gaseous oxygen at atmospheric pressure and 20 °c ( 68 °f ) . <SEP> by what means ?
i would be doing a service if i killed my father when he is hunting , made an alliance with sultan muhammad , brought this land to life and gave assistance and support to the muslims . " <SEP> who ?
early colour videotape recordings made off-air by fans have also been retrieved , as well as excerpts filmed from the television screen onto 8 mm cine film and clips that were shown on other programmes . <SEP> who ?
apollo 13 launched lovell , jack swigert , and fred haise in april 1970 , headed for the fra mauro formation . <SEP> what month and year ?
this principle of equivalence was one of the foundational underpinnings for the development of the general theory of relativity . <SEP> what ?
as of april 2014 , there are 88 private schools in new zealand , catering for around 28,000 students or 3.7 % of the entire student population . <SEP> how many ?
on 12 january , two thousand people attended a state funeral for tesla at the cathedral of saint john the divine . <SEP> what day ?
the arrival of satellite television ended the need for abc to hold interests in other countries ; many governments also wanted to increase their independence and strengthen legislation to limit foreign ownership of broadcasting properties . <SEP> why ?
tumor cells often have a reduced number of mhc class i molecules on their surface , thus avoiding detection by killer t cells . <SEP> what receptors ?
in the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints ( lds church ) , the teacher is an office in the aaronic priesthood , generally conferred on young boys or recent converts , and has little in common with the " spiritual teacher " archetype . <SEP> what ?
tesla was renowned for his achievements and showmanship , eventually earning him a reputation in popular culture as an archetypal " mad scientist " . <SEP> what ?
neutrophils are normally found in the bloodstream and are the most abundant type of phagocyte , normally representing 50 % to 60 % of the total circulating leukocytes . <SEP> what percentage of leukocytes ?
euglenophyte chloroplasts have a pyrenoid and thylakoids stacked in groups of three . <SEP> how ?
highly combustible materials that leave little residue , such as wood or coal , were thought to be made mostly of phlogiston ; whereas non-combustible substances that corrode , such as iron , contained very little . <SEP> what type of combustible materials ?
the north-eastern regions along the border with somalia and ethiopia are arid and semi-arid areas with near-desert landscapes . <SEP> what regions ?
the 2013–14 season was a slight improvement for abc with three new hits in the goldbergs , agents of s.h.i.e.l.d . <SEP> what comic book series ?
luther made certain concessions to the saxon , who was a relative of the elector , and promised to remain silent if his opponents did . <SEP> what ?
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction . <SEP> what ?
with the death of captain francis fowke , royal engineers the next architect to work at the museum was colonel ( later major general ) henry young darracott scott , also of the royal engineers . <SEP> who ?
henry ware was elected to the chair in 1805 , and the liberal samuel webber was appointed to the presidency of harvard two years later , which signaled the changing of the tide from the dominance of traditional ideas at harvard to the dominance of liberal , arminian ideas ( defined by traditionalists as unitarian ideas ) . <SEP> what liberal ?
for example , the suspect may need to decide whether or not to grant a consent search of his property , and whether or not to talk to police officers . <SEP> what ?
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> what ?
after the defeat of the khwarezmian empire in 1220 , genghis khan gathered his forces in persia and armenia to return to the mongolian steppes . <SEP> what year ?
in 1542 , luther read a latin translation of the qur'an . <SEP> what book ?
the luther bible influenced other vernacular translations , such as william tyndale 's english bible ( 1525 forward ) , a precursor of the king james bible . <SEP> whose english translation of the bible ?
the integer factorization problem is the computational problem of determining the prime factorization of a given integer . <SEP> what computational problem ?
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line . <SEP> which player ?
in 1735 , john and charles wesley went to america to teach the gospel to the american indians in the colony of georgia . <SEP> in what year ?
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown . <SEP> who ?
the climate is cooler in the savannah grasslands around the capital city , nairobi , and especially closer to mount kenya , which has snow permanently on its peaks . <SEP> how ?
the pilgrim street building was refurbished between november 2006 and may 2008 ; during the refurbishment works , the cinema relocated to the old town hall , gateshead . <SEP> where ?
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 . <SEP> what ?
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game . <SEP> how many points ?
other 16th- and 20th-century versifications of the lord 's prayer have adopted luther 's tune , although modern texts are considerably shorter . <SEP> what ?
however , this was replaced by sky three on 31 october 2005 , which was itself later re-branded as 'pick tv ' in 2011 . <SEP> what ?
because of the complexity of medications including specific indications , effectiveness of treatment regimens , safety of medications ( i.e. , drug interactions ) and patient compliance issues ( in the hospital and at home ) many pharmacists practicing in hospitals gain more education and training after pharmacy school through a pharmacy practice residency and sometimes followed by another residency in a specific area . <SEP> where ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> who ?
the motion picture , television , and music industry is centered on the los angeles in southern california . <SEP> what other major industry ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> who ?
his descendant hulagu khan destroyed much of iran 's northern part and sacked baghdad although his forces were halted by the mamluks of egypt , but hulagu 's descendant ghazan khan would return to beat the egyptian mamluks right out of levant , palestine and even gaza . <SEP> which of genghis khan 's descendants ?
luther 's boldest assertion in the debate was that matthew 16:18 does not confer on popes the exclusive right to interpret scripture , and that therefore neither popes nor church councils were infallible . <SEP> what scripture ?
abc 's master feed is transmitted in 720p high definition , the native resolution format for the walt disney company 's u.s. television properties . <SEP> what ?
while acknowledging the central role economic growth can potentially play in human development , poverty reduction and the achievement of the millennium development goals , it is becoming widely understood amongst the development community that special efforts must be made to ensure poorer sections of society are able to participate in economic growth . <SEP> what ?
steven barkan writes that if defendants plead not guilty , " they must decide whether their primary goal will be to win an acquittal and avoid imprisonment or a fine , or to use the proceedings as a forum to inform the jury and the public of the political circumstances surrounding the case and their reasons for breaking the law via civil disobedience . " <SEP> what ?
it was approved overwhelmingly by nearly 75 % of voters in the proposed territory of colorado . <SEP> what ?
acute oxygen toxicity ( causing seizures , its most feared effect for divers ) can occur by breathing an air mixture with 21 % o 2 at 66 m or more of depth ; the same thing can occur by breathing 100 % o 2 at only 6 m . <SEP> what ?
the snp took 16 seats from labour , with many of their key figures not returned to parliament , although labour leader iain gray retained east lothian by 151 votes . <SEP> by how much ?
a 1964 msc study concluded , " the lm [ as lifeboat ] ... was finally dropped , because no single reasonable csm failure could be identified that would prohibit use of the sps . " <SEP> in what year ?
the loess or wind-blown dust over that tundra , settled in and around the rhine valley , contributing to its current agricultural usefulness . <SEP> what ?
the entrance to studio 5 at the city road complex gave its name to the 1980s music television programme , the tube . <SEP> 
the beroida , also known as nuda , have no feeding appendages , but their large pharynx , just inside the large mouth and filling most of the saclike body , bears " macrocilia " at the oral end . <SEP> what group ?
it was 33 feet ( 10.1 m ) in diameter and stood 363 feet ( 110.6 m ) tall with its 96,800-pound ( 43,900 kg ) lunar payload . <SEP> what ?
in the case of spacesuits , the o 2 partial pressure in the breathing gas is , in general , about 30 kpa ( 1.4 times normal ) , and the resulting o 2 partial pressure in the astronaut 's arterial blood is only marginally more than normal sea-level o 2 partial pressure ( for more information on this , see space suit and arterial blood gas ) . <SEP> 
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> where ?
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion . <SEP> what flows between bingen and bonn ?
since the relaunch of the programme in 2005 , a new range of novels have been published by bbc books . <SEP> who ?
concerns were raised over whether levi 's stadium 's field was of a high enough quality to host a super bowl ; during the inaugural season , the field had to be re-sodded multiple times due to various issues , and during a week 6 game earlier in the 2015 season , a portion of the turf collapsed under baltimore ravens kicker justin tucker , causing him to slip and miss a field goal , although the field has not had any major issues since . <SEP> what team ?
the present building was begun in the 12th century and the last addition to it , apart from the vestries , was the main porch in 1726. it is quite possible that there was an earlier church here dating from saxon times . <SEP> what ?
they trained and conducted tests of their spacecraft at north american , and in the altitude chamber at the kennedy space center . <SEP> what other location ?
31:5 ) , the common prayer of the dying . <SEP> what ?
this was subsequently followed by more astra satellites as well as eutelsat 's eurobird 1 ( now eutelsat 33c ) at 28.5°e ) , enabled the company to launch a new all-digital service , sky , with the potential to carry hundreds of television and radio channels . <SEP> how many television and radio channels ?
the 8- and 10-county definitions are not used for the greater southern california megaregion , one of the 11 megaregions of the united states . <SEP> how many megaregions ?
luther had published his german translation of the new testament in 1522 , and he and his collaborators completed the translation of the old testament in 1534 , when the whole bible was published . <SEP> when ?
for example , 5 is prime because 1 and 5 are its only positive integer factors , whereas 6 is composite because it has the divisors 2 and 3 in addition to 1 and 6. the fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes the central role of primes in number theory : any integer greater than 1 can be expressed as a product of primes that is unique up to ordering . <SEP> what theorem ?
christopher j. probst in his book demonizing the jews : luther and the protestant church in nazi germany ( 2012 ) , shows that a large number of german lutheran clergy and theologians during the nazi third reich used luther 's hostile publications towards the jews and their jewish religion to justify at least in part the anti-semitic policies of the national socialists . <SEP> who ?
the reverend alexander dyce was another benefactor of the library , leaving over 14,000 books to the museum in 1869. amongst the books he collected are early editions in greek and latin of the poets and playwrights aeschylus , aristotle , homer , livy , ovid , pindar , sophocles and virgil . <SEP> in which year ?
the custom is to die without spilling blood , which is granted by breaking the back . <SEP> what form of death ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> who ?
death wish coffee beat out nine other contenders from across the united states for the free advertisement . <SEP> how many other contestants ?
sanctifying grace is that grace of god which sustains the believers in the journey toward christian perfection : a genuine love of god with heart , soul , mind , and strength , and a genuine love of our neighbors as ourselves . <SEP> what ?
east and central africa 's biggest economy has posted tremendous growth in the service sector , boosted by rapid expansion in telecommunication and financial activity over the last decade , and now [ when ? ] <SEP> what ?
for luther , also christ 's life , when understood as an example , is nothing more than an illustration of the ten commandments , which a christian should follow in his or her vocations on a daily basis . <SEP> what ?
cbs introduced new features during the telecast , including pylon cameras and microphones along with eyevision 360—an array of 36 cameras along the upper deck that can be used to provide a 360-degree view of plays and " bullet time " effects . <SEP> what ?
the meaning of imperialism is to create an empire , by conquering the other state 's lands and therefore increasing its own dominance . <SEP> how ?
:33 he was a polyglot , speaking eight languages : serbo-croatian , czech , english , french , german , hungarian , italian , and latin . <SEP> how many languages ?
newton proposed that every object with mass has an innate inertia that functions as the fundamental equilibrium " natural state " in place of the aristotelian idea of the " natural state of rest " . <SEP> who ?
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum . <SEP> what building ?
sadat was later assassinated and a formidable insurgency was formed in egypt in the 1990s . <SEP> how ?
he said that there was no danger that his invention could be stolen , for he had at no time committed any part of it to paper ; the blueprint for the teleforce weapon was all in his mind . <SEP> where ?
in july 2015 obama visited kenya , as the first american president to visit the country while in office . <SEP> when ?
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos . <SEP> what yard line ?
the competence for the union to do this was contested in 2005 at the court of justice resulting in a victory for the commission . <SEP> when ?
the entry of another toxin called granulysin ( a protease ) induces the target cell to undergo apoptosis . <SEP> what toxin ?
lepidodinium viride and its close relatives are dinophytes that lost their original peridinin chloroplast and replaced it with a green algal derived chloroplast ( more specifically , a prasinophyte ) . <SEP> what ?
the clinical section is located in a 10-floor building with 700 beds , 10 operating theatres , an intensive care unit , several diagnostic departments as well as an outpatient clinic . <SEP> how many beds ?
however , these characteristics actually result from the pauli exclusion principle . <SEP> what ?
in particular , newton determined that the acceleration of the moon around the earth could be ascribed to the same force of gravity if the acceleration due to gravity decreased as an inverse square law . <SEP> what ?
between about ad 14 and 180 , the assignment of legions was as follows : for the army of germania inferior , two legions at vetera ( xanten ) , i germanica and xx valeria ( pannonian troops ) ; two legions at oppidum ubiorum ( " town of the ubii " ) , which was renamed to colonia agrippina , descending to cologne , v alaudae , a celtic legion recruited from gallia narbonensis and xxi , possibly a galatian legion from the other side of the empire . <SEP> 
it is conjectured that there are infinitely many twin primes , pairs of primes with difference 2 ( twin prime conjecture ) . <SEP> what ?
the flow reappears on the surface at the northern ( german ) shore of the lake , off the island of lindau . <SEP> what ?
in october , there is the design event festival—an annual festival providing the public with an opportunity to see work by regional , national and international designers . <SEP> what festival ?
the rhine-meuse delta is a tidal delta , shaped not only by the sedimentation of the rivers , but also by tidal currents . <SEP> besides rivers , what ?
the actual number of legions present at any base or in all , depended on whether a state or threat of war existed . <SEP> what ?
media commentators had debated whether the figure could be reached as the growth in subscriber numbers elsewhere in europe flattened . <SEP> what ?
he is also the oldest quarterback ever to play in a super bowl at age 39. the past record was held by john elway , who led the broncos to victory in super bowl xxxiii at age 38 and is currently denver 's executive vice president of football operations and general manager . <SEP> what role ?
goldenson also cited interest in japan in the early 1950s , acquiring a 5 % stake in two new domestic networks , the mainichi broadcasting system in 1951 and nihon educational television in 1957. goldenson also invested in broadcasting properties in beirut in the mid-1960s . <SEP> what japanese network ?
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott . <SEP> where ?
misconduct by teachers , especially sexual misconduct , has been getting increased scrutiny from the media and the courts . <SEP> what ?
after a three-day investigation , trump 's report concluded that there was nothing which would constitute a hazard in unfriendly hands , stating : <SEP> what ?
abc 's flagship productions at the time were the lone ranger , based on the radio program of the same title , and the adventures of ozzie and harriet , the latter of which ( at 13 seasons , running from 1952 to 1965 ) held the record for the longest-running prime time comedy in u.s. television history , until it was surpassed by the simpsons in 2002 . <SEP> what western ?
its population is estimated at 1.740 million residents within a greater metropolitan area of 2.666 million residents , which makes warsaw the 9th most-populous capital city in the european union . <SEP> how many people ?
in 1784 , after unsuccessful attempts to have the church of england send a bishop to start a new church in the colonies , wesley decisively appointed fellow priest thomas coke as superintendent ( bishop ) to organize a separate methodist society . <SEP> when ?
the french crown 's refusal to allow non-catholics to settle in new france may help to explain that colony 's slow rate of population growth compared to that of the neighbouring british colonies , which opened settlement to religious dissenters . <SEP> what ?
from 66–34 mya , the rainforest extended as far south as 45° . <SEP> how many degrees ?
iqbal expressed fears that not only would secularism and secular nationalism weaken the spiritual foundations of islam and muslim society , but that india 's hindu-majority population would crowd out muslim heritage , culture and political influence . <SEP> what ?
alongside the traditional media availabilities , the event featured an opening ceremony with player introductions on a replica of the golden gate bridge . <SEP> what bridge ?
victoria 's highest maximum temperature since world war ii , of 48.8 °c ( 119.8 °f ) was recorded in hopetoun on 7 february 2009 , during the 2009 southeastern australia heat wave . <SEP> what ?
it has been argued that the term " civil disobedience " has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times , become utterly debased . <SEP> what issue ?
during the mass high school education movement from 1910–1940 , there was an increase in skilled workers , which led to a decrease in the price of skilled labor . <SEP> what ?
these stretched rocks can also pinch into lenses , known as boudins , after the french word for " sausage " , because of their visual similarity . <SEP> that ?
while constitutional law concerns the european union 's governance structure , administrative law binds eu institutions and member states to follow the law . <SEP> which type of law ?
among the " abc circle " logo 's many variants was a 1977 id sequence that featured a bubble on a black background representing the circle with glossy gold letters , and as such , was the first abc identification card to have a three-dimensional appearance . <SEP> what color ?
older than the game by 23 years , the harvard-yale regatta was the original source of the athletic rivalry between the two schools . <SEP> how ?
the mermaid ( syrenka ) is warsaw 's symbol and can be found on statues throughout the city and on the city 's coat of arms . <SEP> what ?
an evasion strategy used by several pathogens to avoid the innate immune system is to hide within the cells of their host ( also called intracellular pathogenesis ) . <SEP> what ?
on 24 march 1879 , tesla was returned to gospić under police guard for not having a residence permit . <SEP> why ?
however , the most iconic of abc 's relationships with hollywood producers was its agreement with walt disney ; after the start of the network 's bond with the disney studio , james lewis baughman , who worked as a columnist at that time , observed that " at abc 's headquarters in new york , the secretaries [ were now ] wearing hats with mickey mouse ears " . <SEP> which ?
los angeles itself has many business districts including the downtown los angeles central business district as well as those lining the wilshire boulevard miracle mile including century city , westwood and warner center in the san fernando valley . <SEP> in which area ?
nearby , in ogród saski ( the saxon garden ) , the summer theatre was in operation from 1870 to 1939 , and in the inter-war period , the theatre complex also included momus , warsaw 's first literary cabaret , and leon schiller 's musical theatre melodram . <SEP> where ?
the medieval esteve pharmacy , located in llívia , a catalan enclave close to puigcerdà , also now a museum , dates back to the 15th century , keeping albarellos from the 16th and 17th centuries , old prescription books and antique drugs . <SEP> what sorts of items ?
this research can be extrapolated to the field to understand metamorphic processes and the conditions of crystallization of igneous rocks . <SEP> 
according to the 1901 census , out of 711,988 inhabitants 56.2 % were catholics , 35.7 % jews , 5 % greek orthodox christians and 2.8 % protestants . <SEP> what percentage ?
more than this , since only individuals act , only individuals can act unjustly . <SEP> who ?
later on , broncos receiver jordan norwood received brad nortman 's short 28-yard punt surrounded by panthers players , but none of them attempted to make a tackle , apparently thinking norwood had called a fair catch . <SEP> who ?
a september 1565 french naval attack against the new spanish colony at st. augustine failed when its ships were hit by a hurricane on their way to the spanish encampment at fort matanzas . <SEP> when ?
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation . <SEP> what church ?
the panthers beat the seattle seahawks in the divisional round , running up a 31–0 halftime lead and then holding off a furious second half comeback attempt to win 31–24 , avenging their elimination from a year earlier . <SEP> who ?
individual-level interventions , including stress-management training and counseling , are also used to relieve occupational stress among teachers . <SEP> what ?
the personal representative of the queen of australia in the state is the governor of victoria , currently linda dessau . <SEP> who ?
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver . <SEP> 
honorary freemen include bob geldof , king harald v of norway , bobby robson , alan shearer , the late nelson mandela and the royal shakespeare company . <SEP> what honorary title ?
this early part of luther 's career was one of his most creative and productive . <SEP> what part of luther 's career ?
co-teaching focuses the student on learning by providing a social networking support that allows them to reach their full cognitive potential . <SEP> what type of support ?
when the fcc imposed its fin-syn rules in 1970 , abc proactively created two companies : worldvision enterprises as a syndication distributor , and abc circle films as a production company . <SEP> 
the central highlands were already home to over a million members of the kikuyu people , most of whom had no land claims in european terms and lived as itinerant farmers . <SEP> how ?
by 1218 , as a result of defeat of qara khitai , the mongol empire and its control extended as far west as lake balkhash , which bordered the khwarezmia ( khwarezmid empire ) , a muslim state that reached the caspian sea to the west and persian gulf and the arabian sea to the south . <SEP> how ?
as well as period rooms , the collection includes parts of buildings , for example the two top stories of the facade of sir paul pindar 's house dated c1600 from bishopsgate with elaborately carved wood work and leaded windows , a rare survivor of the great fire of london , there is a brick portal from a london house of the english restoration period and a fireplace from the gallery of northumberland house . <SEP> when ?
the economic impact of the former type of entrepreneurialism tends to be redistributive while the latter is expected to foster technological progress and thus have a more positive impact on economic growth . <SEP> what type of impact ?
to ensure a space , in 1947 , abc submitted five applications for television station licenses , one for each market where it owned and operated a radio station ( new york city , los angeles , chicago , san francisco and detroit ) . <SEP> in what year ?
falls are one of the most common causes of fatal and non-fatal injuries among construction workers . <SEP> what ?
for example , integers can be represented in binary notation , and graphs can be encoded directly via their adjacency matrices , or by encoding their adjacency lists in binary . <SEP> what ?
after leaving edison 's company tesla partnered with two businessmen in 1886 , robert lane and benjamin vail , who agreed to finance an electric lighting company in tesla 's name , tesla electric light & manufacturing . <SEP> who ?
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) . <SEP> what ?
the answer , from bryan davies was that the museum intended to preserve and care for the collection and keep it available to the public , with items being redistributed to the british galleries , the medieval & renaissance galleries , and the planned new galleries for furniture and europe 1600–1800 , and that the horniman museum and other institutions were possible candidates for loans of material to ensure that the instruments remained publicly viewable . <SEP> which member of parliament ?
tea , coffee , sisal , pyrethrum , corn , and wheat are grown in the fertile highlands , one of the most successful agricultural production regions in africa . <SEP> where ?
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) . <SEP> who ?
in southern europe , the stage was set in the triassic period of the mesozoic era , with the opening of the tethys ocean , between the eurasian and african tectonic plates , between about 240 mbp and 220 mbp ( million years before present ) . <SEP> what period ?
germany did so , and underground leader piłsudski returned to warsaw on 11 november and set up what became the second polish republic , with warsaw the capital . <SEP> who ?
prime numbers give rise to two more general concepts that apply to elements of any commutative ring r , an algebraic structure where addition , subtraction and multiplication are defined : prime elements and irreducible elements . <SEP> what ?
in 2011 , the theme tune charted at number 228 of radio station classic fm 's hall of fame , a survey of classical music tastes . <SEP> how high ?
the deportation of acadians beginning in 1755 resulted in land made available to migrants from europe and the colonies further south . <SEP> when ?
the main façade , built from red brick and portland stone , stretches 720 feet ( 220 m ) along cromwell gardens and was designed by aston webb after winning a competition in 1891 to extend the museum . <SEP> how long ?
a piece of paper was later found on which luther had written his last statement . <SEP> what ?
for those who proceed to secondary level , there is a national examination at the end of form four – the kenya certificate of secondary education ( kcse ) , which determines those proceeding to the universities , other professional training or employment . <SEP> what ?
his objective was to punish the miami people of pickawillany for not following céloron 's orders to cease trading with the british . <SEP> 
a cylindrical service module ( sm ) supported the command module , with a service propulsion engine and an rcs with propellants , and a fuel cell power generation system with liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen reactants . <SEP> what ?
eventually , through various possible redistribution mechanisms such as social welfare programs , more developed countries move back to lower levels of inequality . <SEP> what ?
in the early 18th century , a regional group known as the camisards who were huguenots rioted against the catholic church in the region , burning churches and killing clergy . <SEP> what ?
nikola tesla ( serbian cyrillic : никола тесла ; 10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943 ) was a serbian american inventor , electrical engineer , mechanical engineer , physicist , and futurist best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current ( ac ) electricity supply system . <SEP> in what year ?
these attacks resonated with conservative muslims and the problem did not go away with saddam 's defeat either , since american troops remained stationed in the kingdom , and a de facto cooperation with the palestinian-israeli peace process developed . <SEP> who ?
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe . <SEP> who ?
completely cut off from germany , von lettow conducted an effective guerrilla warfare campaign , living off the land , capturing british supplies , and remaining undefeated . <SEP> how ?
the target was first announced in august 2004 , since then an additional 2.4m customers had subscribed to bskyb 's direct-to-home service . <SEP> when ?
jim gray will anchor the pre-game and halftime coverage . <SEP> what ?
his 1543 treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) took its place among other anti-jewish literature of the times , although historians acknowledge that this treatise was particularly extreme , even by the standards of sixteenth century europe . <SEP> when ?
another formula is based on wilson 's theorem and generates the number 2 many times and all other primes exactly once . <SEP> on what theorem ?
thus , in a market economy , inequality is a reflection of the productivity gap between highly-paid professions and lower-paid professions . <SEP> what ?
luther 's other major works on the jews were his 60,000-word treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) , and vom schem hamphoras und vom geschlecht christi ( on the holy name and the lineage of christ ) , both published in 1543 , three years before his death . <SEP> what ?
as a country develops , it acquires more capital , which leads to the owners of this capital having more wealth and income and introducing inequality . <SEP> what ?
pigeon peas are very drought resistant , so can be grown in areas with less than 650 mm annual rainfall . <SEP> why ?
loudoun , a capable administrator but a cautious field commander , planned one major operation for 1757 : an attack on new france 's capital , quebec . <SEP> what ?
in total there are 352 votes , but for most acts there must be a qualified majority vote , if not consensus . <SEP> how many votes in total ?
bills can be introduced to parliament in a number of ways ; the scottish government can introduce new laws or amendments to existing laws as a bill ; a committee of the parliament can present a bill in one of the areas under its remit ; a member of the scottish parliament can introduce a bill as a private member ; or a private bill can be submitted to parliament by an outside proposer . <SEP> 
reflecting the economic nature of the project , the european community originally focused upon free movement of workers : as a " factor of production " . <SEP> which entity ?
the us spent billions of dollars to aid the mujahideen muslim afghanistan enemies of the soviet union , and non-afghan veterans of the war returned home with their prestige , " experience , ideology , and weapons " , and had considerable impact . <SEP> what ?
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation . <SEP> what ?
when sky digital was launched in 1998 the new service used the astra 2a satellite which was located at the 28.5°e orbital position , unlike the analogue service which was broadcast from 19.2°e . <SEP> when ?
this formalism includes pressure terms associated with forces that act normal to the cross-sectional area ( the matrix diagonals of the tensor ) as well as shear terms associated with forces that act parallel to the cross-sectional area ( the off-diagonal elements ) . <SEP> what ?
the invasion failed both militarily and politically , as pitt again planned significant campaigns against new france , and sent funds to britain 's ally on the mainland , prussia , and the french navy failed in the 1759 naval battles at lagos and quiberon bay . <SEP> what naval battles ?
in july 1888 , brown and peck negotiated a licensing deal with george westinghouse for tesla 's polyphase induction motor and transformer designs for $ 60,000 in cash and stock and a royalty of $ 2.50 per ac horsepower produced by each motor . <SEP> how much ?
the museum also holds james lafayette 's society portraits , a collection of more than 600 photographs dating from the late 19th to early 20th centuries and portraying a wide range of society figures of the period , including bishops , generals , society ladies , indian maharajas , ethiopian rulers and other foreign leaders , actresses , people posing in their motor cars and a sequence of photographs recording the guests at the famous fancy-dress ball held at devonshire house in 1897 to celebrate queen victoria 's diamond jubilee . <SEP> whose society portraits from the late 19th to early 20th centuries ?
victoria has a written constitution enacted in 1975 , but based on the 1855 colonial constitution , passed by the united kingdom parliament as the victoria constitution act 1855 , which establishes the parliament as the state 's law-making body for matters coming under state responsibility . <SEP> when ?
genghis khan , the title is spelled in variety of ways in different languages such as mongolian chinggis khaan , english chinghiz , chinghis , and chingiz , chinese : 成吉思汗 ; pinyin : chéngjísī hán , turkic : cengiz han , çingiz xan , çingiz han , chingizxon , çıñğız xan , chengez khan , chinggis khan , chinggis xaan , chingis khan , jenghis khan , chinggis qan , djingis kahn , russian : чингисхан ( čingiskhan ) or чингиз-хан ( čingiz-khan ) , etc . <SEP> how ?
several public-key cryptography algorithms , such as rsa and the diffie–hellman key exchange , are based on large prime numbers ( for example , 512-bit primes are frequently used for rsa and 1024-bit primes are typical for diffie–hellman . ) . <SEP> what ?
a few plays later , on 3rd-and-10 from the 15-yard line , linebacker von miller knocked the ball out of newton 's hands while sacking him , and malik jackson recovered it in the end zone for a broncos touchdown , giving the team a 10–0 lead . <SEP> who ?
kenya 's various ethnic groups typically speak their mother tongues within their own communities . <SEP> what language ?
the next three drives of the game would end in punts . <SEP> how many of the following three fourth quarter drives after the field goal makng the score 16-10 ?
the sarah jane adventures , starring elisabeth sladen who reprised her role as investigative journalist sarah jane smith , was developed by cbbc ; a special aired on new year 's day 2007 and a full series began on 24 september 2007. a second series followed in 2008 , notable for ( as noted above ) featuring the return of brigadier lethbridge-stewart . <SEP> who ?
on 19 october 1512 , he was awarded his doctor of theology and , on 21 october 1512 , was received into the senate of the theological faculty of the university of wittenberg , having been called to the position of doctor in bible . <SEP> what degree ?
in many countries , elementary school education certificate is earned after completion of high school . <SEP> what certificate ?
when the state is divided into two areas ( northern and southern california ) , the term " southern california " usually refers to the ten southern-most counties of the state . <SEP> 
the most significant buildings are st. john 's cathedral ( 14th century ) , the temple is a typical example of the so-called masovian gothic style , st. mary 's church ( 1411 ) , a town house of burbach family ( 14th century ) , gunpowder tower ( after 1379 ) and the royal castle curia maior ( 1407–1410 ) . <SEP> when ?
during excavations at lake turkana in 1984 , paleoanthropologist richard leakey assisted by kamoya kimeu discovered the turkana boy , a 1.6-million-year-old fossil belonging to homo erectus . <SEP> who ?
in 1709–13 , a plague epidemic that followed the great northern war ( 1700–21 , sweden v. russia and allies ) killed about 100,000 in sweden , and 300,000 in prussia . <SEP> who ?
sometimes antibodies are generated against tumor cells allowing for their destruction by the complement system . <SEP> what molecules ?
these attacks resonated with conservative muslims and the problem did not go away with saddam 's defeat either , since american troops remained stationed in the kingdom , and a de facto cooperation with the palestinian-israeli peace process developed . <SEP> where ?
after banishing the zwickau prophets , he now faced a battle against not only the established church but also the radical reformers who threatened the new order by fomenting social unrest and violence . <SEP> what ?
this is essentially a signaling device that allows the t-cell to bind to the active form of vitamin d , the steroid hormone calcitriol . <SEP> what ?
the textbook examples are cydippids with egg-shaped bodies and a pair of retractable tentacles fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) that are covered with colloblasts , sticky cells that capture prey . <SEP> what ?
in almost all countries teachers are educated in a university or college . <SEP> where ?
in the united states , there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from canada and other countries , in order to reduce consumer costs . <SEP> what ?
from 1530 a royal act restricted all shipments of coal from tyneside to newcastle quayside , giving a monopoly in the coal trade to a cartel of newcastle burgesses known as the hostmen . <SEP> what ?
the broncos ' decision to wear white meant the panthers would wear their standard home uniform : black jerseys with silver pants . <SEP> what colors ?
incorporated first by henry ii , the city had a new charter granted by elizabeth in 1589. a 25-foot ( 7.6 m ) high stone wall was built around the town in the 13th century , to defend it from invaders during the border war against scotland . <SEP> who ?
after each team punted , panthers quarterback cam newton appeared to complete a 24-yard pass jerricho cotchery , but the call was ruled an incompletion and upheld after a replay challenge . <SEP> who ?
some episodes have been returned to the bbc from the archives of other countries who bought prints for broadcast , or by private individuals who acquired them by various means . <SEP> how ?
physicists are still attempting to develop self-consistent unification models that would combine all four fundamental interactions into a theory of everything . <SEP> what type of physics model ?
if a problem x is in c and hard for c , then x is said to be complete for c. this means that x is the hardest problem in c. ( since many problems could be equally hard , one might say that x is one of the hardest problems in c. ) thus the class of np-complete problems contains the most difficult problems in np , in the sense that they are the ones most likely not to be in p. because the problem p = np is not solved , being able to reduce a known np-complete problem , π2 , to another problem , π1 , would indicate that there is no known polynomial-time solution for π1 . <SEP> what conclusion ?
the warfare was definitively quelled in 1598 , when henry of navarre , having succeeded to the french throne as henry iv , and having recanted protestantism in favour of roman catholicism , issued the edict of nantes . <SEP> what ?
survivors of the wrecks had been taken prisoner by the island 's despot isaac komnenos . <SEP> who ?
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown . <SEP> which newton turnover ?
in february 1979 , abc sold its recording division to mca inc. for $ 20 million ; the label was discontinued by march 5 of that year , and all of its 300 employees were laid off ( the rights to the works of abc records and all of mca 's other labels have since been acquired by universal music group ) . <SEP> who ?
activities include controlling the museum environment ( for example , temperature and light ) and preventing pests ( primarily insects ) from damaging artefacts . <SEP> what two environmental conditions ?
together in april 1887 they formed the tesla electric company with an agreement that profits from generated patents would go ⅓ to tesla , ⅓ to peck and brown , and ⅓ to fund development . <SEP> what ?
on january 7 , 2016 , pepsi confirmed to the associated press that beyoncé , who headlined the super bowl xlvii halftime show and collaborated with coldplay on the single " hymn for the weekend " , would be making an appearance . <SEP> what company ?
yet if tetzel overstated the matter in regard to indulgences for the dead , his teaching on indulgences for the living was in line with catholic dogma of the time . <SEP> where ?
as a result , primary school enrolment increased by about 70 % . <SEP> how much ?
the 2005 series reveals that the ninth doctor thought he was the last surviving time lord , and that his home planet had been destroyed ; in " the empty child " ( 2005 ) , dr. constantine states that , " before the war even began , i was a father and a grandfather . <SEP> in 2005 , what ?
this improved response is then retained after the pathogen has been eliminated , in the form of an immunological memory , and allows the adaptive immune system to mount faster and stronger attacks each time this pathogen is encountered . <SEP> what ?
however , the turf showed problem throughout the game , with a number of players needing to change their cleats during the game and player slipping during plays all throughout the game . <SEP> what ?
all three cathedrals began their lives as parish churches . <SEP> what ?
like sponges and cnidarians , ctenophores have two main layers of cells that sandwich a middle layer of jelly-like material , which is called the mesoglea in cnidarians and ctenophores ; more complex animals have three main cell layers and no intermediate jelly-like layer . <SEP> which group ?
the rhine is the longest river in germany . <SEP> which country ?
teachers are required to be registered with the teaching council ; under section 30 of the teaching council act 2001 , a person employed in any capacity in a recognised teaching post - who is not registered with the teaching council - may not be paid from oireachtas funds . <SEP> what ?
' " [ attribution needed ] because of the resources made available by imperialism , the world 's economy grew significantly and became much more interconnected in the decades before world war i , making the many imperial powers rich and prosperous . <SEP> who ?
when a person ’ s capabilities are lowered , they are in some way deprived of earning as much income as they would otherwise . <SEP> what ?
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters . <SEP> who ?
he made clear distinction between sodium carbonate and potassium carbonate , and drew attention to the poisonous nature of copper compounds , especially copper vitriol , and also lead compounds . <SEP> which two compounds ?
the university is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the radcliffe institute for advanced study—with campuses throughout the boston metropolitan area : its 209-acre ( 85 ha ) main campus is centered on harvard yard in cambridge , approximately 3 miles ( 5 km ) northwest of boston ; the business school and athletics facilities , including harvard stadium , are located across the charles river in the allston neighborhood of boston and the medical , dental , and public health schools are in the longwood medical area . <SEP> what ?
over the course of three years , the mongols destroyed and annihilated all of the major cities of eastern europe with the exceptions of novgorod and pskov . <SEP> which major cities in eastern europe ?
if pathogens successfully evade the innate response , vertebrates possess a second layer of protection , the adaptive immune system , which is activated by the innate response . <SEP> what protection ?
the complete engine cycle occupies one rotation of the crank and two piston strokes ; the cycle also comprises four events – admission , expansion , exhaust , compression . <SEP> what ?
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status . <SEP> in what years ?
the carolina panthers became one of only ten teams to have completed a regular season with only one loss , and one of only six teams to have acquired a 15–1 record , while the denver broncos became one of four teams to have made eight appearances in the super bowl . <SEP> how many ?
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega . <SEP> how many ?
following the defeat of napoleonic france in 1815 , britain enjoyed a century of almost unchallenged dominance and expanded its imperial holdings around the globe . <SEP> when ?
in the 1960s , a series of discoveries , the most important of which was seafloor spreading , showed that the earth 's lithosphere , which includes the crust and rigid uppermost portion of the upper mantle , is separated into a number of tectonic plates that move across the plastically deforming , solid , upper mantle , which is called the asthenosphere . <SEP> in what decade ?
it has been hypothesized that he may have intercepted marconi 's european experiments in july 1899—marconi may have transmitted the letter s ( dot/dot/dot ) in a naval demonstration , the same three impulses that tesla hinted at hearing in colorado—or signals from another experimenter in wireless transmission . <SEP> what ?
northumbria university was voted 'best new university ' by the times good university guide 2005 and also won a much coveted company award of the " most it enabled organisation " ( in the uk ) , by the it industry magazine computing . <SEP> what university ?
the network had earlier reached an eleventh-hour deal to renew its carriage agreement with the provider on december 31 , 1999. abc filed an emergency petition to the federal communications commission on may 1 to force twc to restore the affected stations ; the fcc ruled in favor of abc , ordering time warner cable to restore the stations , doing so on the afternoon of may 2. abc ended the 2000–01 season as the most-watched network , ahead of nbc . <SEP> when ?
sophomore , junior , and senior undergraduates live in twelve residential houses , nine of which are south of harvard yard along or near the charles river . <SEP> what ?
this led to the creation of the european anti-fraud office . <SEP> 
environmentalists are concerned about loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest , and also about the release of the carbon contained within the vegetation , which could accelerate global warming . <SEP> what ?
in canada , pharmacists in certain provinces have limited prescribing rights ( as in alberta and british columbia ) or are remunerated by their provincial government for expanded services such as medications reviews ( medschecks in ontario ) . <SEP> which ?
often , it is not just one contractor , but a consortium of several contractors working together . <SEP> who ?
the duchy of normandy , which began in 911 as a fiefdom , was established by the treaty of saint-clair-sur-epte between king charles iii of west francia and the famed viking ruler rollo , and was situated in the former frankish kingdom of neustria . <SEP> who ?
harvard has several athletic facilities , such as the lavietes pavilion , a multi-purpose arena and home to the harvard basketball teams . <SEP> what ?
much of southern california is famous for its large , spread-out , suburban communities and use of automobiles and highways . <SEP> 
the height of this persecution was the st. bartholomew 's day massacre when 5,000 to 30,000 were killed , although there were also underlying political reasons for this as well , as some of the huguenots were nobles trying to establish separate centers of power in southern france . <SEP> what ?
tesla claimed to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy that he started working on in 1892 , and in 1937 , at age 81 , claimed in a letter to have completed a " dynamic theory of gravity " that " [ would ] put an end to idle speculations and false conceptions , as that of curved space . " <SEP> 
the northern chinese were ranked higher and southern chinese were ranked lower because southern china withstood and fought to the last before caving in . <SEP> which part of china ?
the substitution of capital equipment for labor ( mechanization and automation ) raises the productivity of each worker , resulting in a situation of relatively stagnant wages for the working class amidst rising levels of property income for the capitalist class . <SEP> what ?
based on his industry experience on air force missile projects , mueller realized some skilled managers could be found among high-ranking officers in the united states air force , so he got webb 's permission to recruit general samuel c. phillips , who gained a reputation for his effective management of the minuteman program , as omsf program controller . <SEP> what ?
he had been replaced by abercrombie as commander in chief after the failures of 1757. pitt 's plan called for three major offensive actions involving large numbers of regular troops , supported by the provincial militias , aimed at capturing the heartlands of new france . <SEP> 
the term " imperialism " was originally introduced into english in its present sense in the late 1870s by opponents of the allegedly aggressive and ostentatious imperial policies of british prime minister benjamin disraeli . <SEP> when ?
howard zinn writes , " there may be many times when protesters choose to go to jail , as a way of continuing their protest , as a way of reminding their countrymen of injustice . <SEP> 
most of these events are centred on melbourne , but others occur in regional cities , such as the v8 supercars and australian motorcycle grand prix at phillip island , the grand annual steeplechase at warrnambool and the australian international airshow at geelong and numerous local festivals such as the popular port fairy folk festival , queenscliff music festival , bells beach surfclassic and the bright autumn festival . <SEP> on where ?
their most distinctive feature is the ‘ combs ’ – groups of cilia which they use for swimming – they are the largest animals that swim by means of cilia . <SEP> what ?
some astrophysicists predicted the existence of another planet ( vulcan ) that would explain the discrepancies ; however , despite some early indications , no such planet could be found . <SEP> what planet ?
in case of european union law which should have been transposed into the laws of member states , such as directives , the european commission can take proceedings against the member state under the treaty on the functioning of the european union . <SEP> under what treaty ?
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers . <SEP> how many ?
many han chinese and khitan defected to the mongols to fight against the jin . <SEP> who ?
in the fall of 2015 , abc is stopped with its 1998–2002 four-note jingles for promotions and production company vanity cards following the closing credits of most of its programs over seventeen years , now it have a different and adventure-type music ( with the drums of the network 's four-note signature in the ending ) . <SEP> in what year ?
andrew lortie ( born andré lortie ) , a leading huguenot theologian and writer who led the exiled community in london , became known for articulating their criticism of the pope and the doctrine of transubstantiation during mass . <SEP> who ?
luther journeyed to mansfeld twice in late 1545 to participate in the negotiations for a settlement , and a third visit was needed in early 1546 for their completion . <SEP> what ?
these values are much greater than the 9–88 cm as projected by the ipcc itself in its third assessment report , published in 2001 " . <SEP> when ?
as well as being added , forces can also be resolved into independent components at right angles to each other . <SEP> what ?
under kubiak , the broncos planned to install a run-oriented offense with zone blocking to blend in with quarterback peyton manning 's shotgun passing skills , but struggled with numerous changes and injuries to the offensive line , as well as manning having his worst statistical season since his rookie year with the indianapolis colts in 1998 , due to a plantar fasciitis injury in his heel that he had suffered since the summer , and the simple fact that manning was getting old , as he turned 39 in the 2015 off-season . <SEP> what ?
the following day , oil ministers agreed to the embargo , a cut in production by five percent from september 's output and to continue to cut production in five percent monthly increments until their economic and political objectives were met . <SEP> why ?
a version was taken up by the author henry david thoreau in his essay civil disobedience , and later by gandhi in his doctrine of satyagraha . <SEP> which famous indian ?
but then , at the so-called rheinbrech , the rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water . <SEP> why ?
the error was discovered in 2010 , and the dutch rijkswaterstaat confirms the length at 1,232 kilometres ( 766 miles ) . <SEP> when ?
the smaller the economic inequality , the more waste and pollution is created , resulting in many cases , in more environmental degradation . <SEP> when ?
when war broke out , the french used their trading connections to recruit fighters from tribes in western portions of the great lakes region ( an area not directly subject to the conflict between the french and british ) , including the huron , mississauga , ojibwa , winnebago , and potawatomi . <SEP> what ?
by the 1970s , the brotherhood had renounced violence as a means of achieving its goals . <SEP> when ?
in the centre of basel , the first major city in the course of the stream , is located the " rhine knee " ; this is a major bend , where the overall direction of the rhine changes from west to north . <SEP> 
luther 's other major works on the jews were his 60,000-word treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) , and vom schem hamphoras und vom geschlecht christi ( on the holy name and the lineage of christ ) , both published in 1543 , three years before his death . <SEP> how near to his death ?
two million wildebeest migrate a distance of 2,900 kilometres ( 1,802 mi ) from the serengeti in neighbouring tanzania to the masai mara in kenya , in a constant clockwise fashion , searching for food and water supplies . <SEP> how far ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> what two artists ?
after the sixth sermon , the wittenberg jurist jerome schurf wrote to the elector : " oh , what joy has dr. martin 's return spread among us ! <SEP> who ?
the largest decline in private school numbers occurred between 1979 and 1984 , when the nation 's then-private catholic school system integrated . <SEP> what religion 's schools ?
such economic separation was the condition of the refugees ' initial acceptance in the city . <SEP> what social construct ?
one of the finest pieces of continental furniture in the collection is the rococo augustus rex bureau cabinet dated c1750 from germany , with especially fine marquetry and ormolu mounts . <SEP> from which country ?
being in the rain shadow of the north pennines , it is among the driest cities in the uk . <SEP> what type of shadow ?
prime numbers are also used for hash tables and pseudorandom number generators . <SEP> what type of number generators ?
former ipcc chairman robert watson has said " the mistakes all appear to have gone in the direction of making it seem like climate change is more serious by overstating the impact . <SEP> what direction ?
some transferred chloroplast dna protein products get directed to the secretory pathway ( though it should be noted that many secondary plastids are bounded by an outermost membrane derived from the host 's cell membrane , and therefore topologically outside of the cell , because to reach the chloroplast from the cytosol , you have to cross the cell membrane , just like if you were headed for the extracellular space . <SEP> what ?
whereas they won the war in algeria , the french leader at the time , charles de gaulle , decided to grant algeria independence anyway in 1962. its settlers and many local supporters relocated to france . <SEP> where ?
the tentacles of cydippid ctenophores are typically fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " ) , although a few genera have simple tentacles without these sidebranches . <SEP> what ?
they include parochial schools , a term which is often used to denote roman catholic schools . <SEP> what religion 's schools ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> what ?
a molecular phylogeny analysis in 2001 , using 26 species , including 4 recently discovered ones , confirmed that the cydippids are not monophyletic and concluded that the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was cydippid-like . <SEP> 
structural geologists use microscopic analysis of oriented thin sections of geologic samples to observe the fabric within the rocks which gives information about strain within the crystalline structure of the rocks . <SEP> how ?
this debate has proved difficult to resolve because the practical limitations of working in the rainforest mean that data sampling is biased away from the center of the amazon basin , and both explanations are reasonably well supported by the available data . <SEP> how ?
the leading schools such as the groton school had substantial endowments running to hundreds of millions of dollars supplemented by fundraising drives . <SEP> what notable private school ?
under the scotland act 1998 , ordinary general elections for the scottish parliament are held on the first thursday in may every four years ( 1999 , 2003 , 2007 and so on ) . <SEP> what ?
in low-light conditions , they will spread out in a sheet—maximizing the surface area to absorb light . <SEP> when ?
the system of bureaucracy created by kublai khan reflected various cultures in the empire , including that of the han chinese , khitans , jurchens , mongols , and tibetan buddhists . <SEP> what cultures ?
for instance , if a problem x can be solved using an algorithm for y , x is no more difficult than y , and we say that x reduces to y. there are many different types of reductions , based on the method of reduction , such as cook reductions , karp reductions and levin reductions , and the bound on the complexity of reductions , such as polynomial-time reductions or log-space reductions . <SEP> 
's 1970 survey of 4,745 north american lutherans aged 15–65 found that , compared to the other minority groups under consideration , lutherans were the least prejudiced toward jews . <SEP> what ?
total nominal gdp of the city in 2010 amounted to 191.766 billion pln , 111696 pln per capita , which was 301,1 % of polish average . <SEP> what ?
the tech coast is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region 's diversified technology and industrial base as well as its multitude of prestigious and world-renowned research universities and other public and private institutions . <SEP> what kind of universities ?
according to sheldon ungar 's comparison with global warming , the actors in the ozone depletion case had a better understanding of scientific ignorance and uncertainties . <SEP> who ?
the sky q mini set top boxes connect to the sky q silver set top boxes with a wi-fi or power-line connection rather than receive their own satellite feeds . <SEP> what ?
at least two textbooks base their descriptions of ctenophores on the cydippid pleurobrachia . <SEP> which cidippid ?
new techniques of building construction are being researched , made possible by advances in 3d printing technology . <SEP> 
there are infinitely many primes , as demonstrated by euclid around 300 bc . <SEP> who ?
norman customary law was transcribed in two customaries in latin by two judges for use by them and their colleagues : these are the très ancien coutumier ( very ancient customary ) , authored between 1200 and 1245 ; and the grand coutumier de normandie ( great customary of normandy , originally summa de legibus normanniae in curia laïcali ) , authored between 1235 and 1245 . <SEP> how many customaries ?
consequently , many huguenots considered the wealthy and calvinist dutch republic , which led the opposition to louis xiv , as the most attractive country for exile after the revocation of the edict of nantes . <SEP> with what ?
the doctrine of legitimate expectation , which has its roots in the principles of legal certainty and good faith , is also a central element of the general principle of legal certainty in european union law . <SEP> in what ?
in the early 1970s , trevor martin played the role in doctor who and the daleks in the seven keys to doomsday . <SEP> what ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> what city ?
one of the first significant gifts of costume came in 1913 when the v & a received the talbot hughes collection containing 1,442 costumes and items as a gift from harrods following its display at the nearby department store . <SEP> in which year ?
generally , education in australia follows the three-tier model which includes primary education ( primary schools ) , followed by secondary education ( secondary schools/high schools ) and tertiary education ( universities and/or tafe colleges ) . <SEP> what ?
it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968. consolidation gave jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits ; with an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014 , it is the most populous city proper in florida and the southeast , and the 12th most populous in the united states . <SEP> what year ?
this was the first fumble return touchdown in a super bowl since super bowl xxviii at the end of the 1993 season . <SEP> when ?
three more flows carry significant amounts of water : the nieuwe merwede ( " new merwede " ) , which branches off from the southern branch where it changes from boven to beneden merwede ; the oude maas ( " old meuse " ) , which branches off from the southern branch where it changes from beneden merwede into noord , and dordtse kil , which branches off from oude maas . <SEP> what ?
in 1521 luther dealt largely with prophecy , in which he broadened the foundations of the reformation placing them on prophetic faith . <SEP> when ?
super bowl 50 was an american football game to determine the champion of the national football league ( nfl ) for the 2015 season . <SEP> what year ?
amongst these include 5 university of california campuses ( irvine , los angeles , riverside , santa barbara , and san diego ) ; 12 california state university campuses ( bakersfield , channel islands , dominguez hills , fullerton , los angeles , long beach , northridge , pomona , san bernardino , san diego , san marcos , and san luis obispo ) ; and private institutions such as the california institute of technology , chapman university , the claremont colleges ( claremont mckenna college , harvey mudd college , pitzer college , pomona college , and scripps college ) , loma linda university , loyola marymount university , occidental college , pepperdine university , university of redlands , university of san diego , and the university of southern california . <SEP> how many campuses ?
while chinese primary schools were allowed to retain chinese as the medium of instruction , chinese secondary schools are required to change into english-medium schools . <SEP> what language ?
as a result , these disruptions can lead to an increase in chronic conditions such as heart disease , chronic pain , and asthma . <SEP> what chronic conditions ?
other prominent alumni include anthropologists david graeber and donald johanson , who is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as " lucy " in the afar triangle region , psychologist john b. watson , american psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , communication theorist harold innis , chess grandmaster samuel reshevsky , and conservative international relations scholar and white house coordinator of security planning for the national security council samuel p. huntington . <SEP> what conservative international relations scholar ?
their most famous song , " fog on the tyne " ( 1971 ) , was covered by geordie ex-footballer paul gascoigne in 1990. venom , reckoned by many to be the originators of black metal and extremely influential to the extreme metal scene as a whole , formed in newcastle in 1979. folk metal band skyclad , often regarded as the first folk metal band , also formed in newcastle after the break-up of martin walkyier thrash metal band , sabbat . <SEP> what year ?
to the north , the mi'kmaq and the abenaki were engaged in father le loutre 's war and still held sway in parts of nova scotia , acadia , and the eastern portions of the province of canada , as well as much of present-day maine . <SEP> what tribes ?
the official record high temperature for fresno is 115 °f ( 46.1 °c ) , set on july 8 , 1905 , while the official record low is 17 °f ( −8 °c ) , set on january 6 , 1913. the average windows for 100 °f ( 37.8 °c ) + , 90 °f ( 32.2 °c ) + , and freezing temperatures are june 1 thru september 13 , april 26 thru october 9 , and december 10 thru january 28 , respectively , and no freeze occurred between in the 1983/1984 season . <SEP> on what date ?
however , most of hearst television 's 16 abc-affiliated stations transmit the network 's programming in 1080i hd , while 11 other affiliates owned by various companies carry the network feed in 480i standard definition either due to technical considerations for affiliates of other major networks that carry abc programming on a digital subchannel or because a primary feed abc affiliate has not yet upgraded their transmission equipment to allow content to be presented in hd . <SEP> what format ?
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates . <SEP> how many ?
the early united states expressed its opposition to imperialism , at least in a form distinct from its own manifest destiny , through policies such as the monroe doctrine . <SEP> how ?
it is a unesco world heritage site ( 2002 ) and known as " the romantic rhine " , with more than 40 castles and fortresses from the middle ages and many quaint and lovely country villages . <SEP> what ?
the university library garden , designed by irena bajerska , was opened on 12 june 2002. it is one of the largest and most beautiful roof gardens in europe with an area of more than 10,000 m2 ( 107,639.10 sq ft ) , and plants covering 5,111 m2 ( 55,014.35 sq ft ) . <SEP> how much area ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> prior to this consideration , when ?
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house . <SEP> what ?
he saw the turks as a scourge sent to punish christians by god , as agents of the biblical apocalypse that would destroy the antichrist , whom luther believed to be the papacy , and the roman church . <SEP> who ?
many locals and tourists frequent the southern california coast for its popular beaches , and the desert city of palm springs is popular for its resort feel and nearby open spaces . <SEP> what ?
the merged company , renamed american broadcasting-paramount theatres , inc. and headquartered in the paramount building at 1501 broadway in manhattan , owned six am and several fm radio stations , five television stations and 644 cinemas in 300 u.s. cities . <SEP> where ?
some plants seem to have kept the genes for the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer , though they 've been repurposed for use in chloroplast division instead . <SEP> what ?
first the crew noticed a strange odor in their spacesuits , which delayed the sealing of the hatch . <SEP> what ?
hank marvin and bruce welch were both former pupils of rutherford grammar school , actors charlie hunnam and james scott , entertainers ant and dec and international footballers michael carrick and alan shearer were born in newcastle . <SEP> what ?
the point of this inquiry was to build a premise that would allow for u.s authorship of a 'new world ' which was to be characterized by geographical order . <SEP> what ?
in 1755 , the british captured fort beauséjour on the border separating nova scotia from acadia ; soon afterward they ordered the expulsion of the acadians . <SEP> what order ?
the major problem is the difficulty of sealing the rotors to make them steam-tight in the face of wear and thermal expansion ; the resulting leakage made them very inefficient . <SEP> along with wear , what development ?
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status . <SEP> 
while genghis khan never conquered all of china , his grandson kublai khan completed that conquest and established the yuan dynasty that is often credited with re-uniting china . <SEP> what chinese dynasty ?
the glass collection covers 4000 years of glass making , and has over 6000 items from africa , britain , europe , america and asia . <SEP> approximately how many items ?
further , the wisdom and prudence of certain decisions of procurement have been publicly questioned . <SEP> what else ?
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports . <SEP> what approach ?
the centrifugal governor was adopted by james watt for use on a steam engine in 1788 after watt ’ s partner boulton saw one at a flour mill boulton & watt were building . <SEP> what ?
another section , brookhaven , on the southern edge of the west side south of jensen and west of elm , was given the name by the fresno city council in an effort to revitalize the neighborhood 's image . <SEP> what ?
teu article 16 ( 4 ) and tfeu article 238 ( 3 ) define this to mean at least 55 per cent of the council members ( not votes ) representing 65 per cent of the population of the eu : currently this means around 74 per cent , or 260 of the 352 votes . <SEP> what ?
the game was called by espn deportes ' monday night football commentary crew of alvaro martin and raul allegre , and sideline reporter john sutcliffe . <SEP> who ?
the use of remote sensing for the conservation of the amazon is also being used by the indigenous tribes of the basin to protect their tribal lands from commercial interests . <SEP> why ?
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game . <SEP> what injury ?
the university library garden , designed by irena bajerska , was opened on 12 june 2002. it is one of the largest and most beautiful roof gardens in europe with an area of more than 10,000 m2 ( 107,639.10 sq ft ) , and plants covering 5,111 m2 ( 55,014.35 sq ft ) . <SEP> who ?
the yuan dynasty ( chinese : 元朝 ; pinyin : yuán cháo ) , officially the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; mongolian : yehe yuan ulus [ a ] ) , was the empire or ruling dynasty of china established by kublai khan , leader of the mongolian borjigin clan . <SEP> who ?
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique . <SEP> where ?
it is conjectured that a progressive decline in hormone levels with age is partially responsible for weakened immune responses in aging individuals . <SEP> what ?
currently detention is one of the most common punishments in schools in the united states , the uk , ireland , singapore and other countries . <SEP> what ?
the two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in english-speaking countries are the mortar and pestle and the ℞ ( recipere ) character , which is often written as " rx " in typed text . <SEP> what ?
on average , women are more likely than men to consider factors other than pay when looking for work , and may be less willing to travel or relocate . <SEP> what gender ?
if there is audible dissent , the presiding officer announces " there will be a division " and members vote by means of electronic consoles on their desks . <SEP> how ?
the court of justice reasoned that narcotic drugs were controlled in all member states , and so this differed from other cases where prostitution or other quasi-legal activity was subject to restriction . <SEP> what ?
other primes where either p + 1 or p − 1 is of a particular shape include the sophie germain primes ( primes of the form 2p + 1 with p prime ) , primorial primes , fermat primes and mersenne primes , that is , prime numbers that are of the form 2p − 1 , where p is an arbitrary prime . <SEP> what ?
the last glacial ran from ~74,000 ( bp = before present ) , until the end of the pleistocene ( ~11,600 bp ) . <SEP> when ?
all primary chloroplasts belong to one of three chloroplast lineages—the glaucophyte chloroplast lineage , the rhodophyte , or red algal chloroplast lineage , or the chloroplastidan , or green chloroplast lineage . <SEP> how many chloroplast lineages ?
due to verizon communications exclusivity , streaming on smartphones was only provided to verizon wireless customers via the nfl mobile service . <SEP> which mobile service ?
the bbc believed that many viewers had missed this introduction to a new series due to the coverage of the assassination , as well as a series of power blackouts across the country , and they broadcast it again on 30 november 1963 , just before episode two . <SEP> what other event ?
euclid 's elements ( circa 300 bc ) contain important theorems about primes , including the infinitude of primes and the fundamental theorem of arithmetic . <SEP> what work from around 300 bc ?
roger rocka 's dinner theater & good company players also opened nearby in 1978 , [ citation needed ] at olive and wishon avenues . <SEP> in what year ?
they then use the atp and nadph to make organic molecules from carbon dioxide in a process known as the calvin cycle . <SEP> what ?
in many cases , geologists also study modern soils , rivers , landscapes , and glaciers ; investigate past and current life and biogeochemical pathways , and use geophysical methods to investigate the subsurface . <SEP> what modern formations ?
pro bowl defensive tackle kawann short led the team in sacks with 11 , while also forcing three fumbles and recovering two . <SEP> who ?
of particular concern with internet pharmacies is the ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship . <SEP> what ?
there are fifteen fraternities and seven sororities at the university of chicago , as well as one co-ed community service fraternity , alpha phi omega . <SEP> how many fraternities ?
to date , at least 40,000 plant species , 2,200 fishes , 1,294 birds , 427 mammals , 428 amphibians , and 378 reptiles have been scientifically classified in the region . <SEP> how many plant species ?
the reverend alexander dyce was another benefactor of the library , leaving over 14,000 books to the museum in 1869. amongst the books he collected are early editions in greek and latin of the poets and playwrights aeschylus , aristotle , homer , livy , ovid , pindar , sophocles and virgil . <SEP> how ?
one of the functions of specialized cells ( located in the thymus and bone marrow ) is to present young lymphocytes with self antigens produced throughout the body and to eliminate those cells that recognize self-antigens , preventing autoimmunity . <SEP> where ?
southern california is also home to a large home grown surf and skateboard culture . <SEP> what other culture ?
networks affiliates approved a two-year affiliate agreement in 2002. in september , disney chairman/ceo michael eisner outlined a proposed realignment of the abc broadcast network day parts with the similar unit in its cable channels : abc saturday mornings with disney channels ( toon & playhouse ) , abc daytime with soapnet and abc prime time with abc family . <SEP> who ?
one of the more notable applications of printing technology was the chao , the paper money of the yuan . <SEP> what ?
construction began in november 1962. upon kennedy 's death , president johnson issued an executive order on november 29 , 1963 , to rename the loc and cape canaveral in honor of kennedy . <SEP> 
effects of inequality researchers have found include higher rates of health and social problems , and lower rates of social goods , a lower level of economic utility in society from resources devoted on high-end consumption , and even a lower level of economic growth when human capital is neglected for high-end consumption . <SEP> why ?
the lutheran theologian franz pieper observed that luther 's teaching about the state of the christian 's soul after death differed from the later lutheran theologians such as johann gerhard . <SEP> who ?
state route 41 ( yosemite freeway/eisenhower freeway ) comes into fresno from atascadero in the south , and then heads north to yosemite . <SEP> what ?
the new concept called " love radio " , which featured a limited selection of music genres , was launched on abc 's seven owned-and-operated fm stations in late november 1968 ; the concept replaced nearly all of the programming provided by these stations ; however , several affiliates ( such as kxyz ) retained the majority of their content . <SEP> what ?
on 15 june 1899 , tesla performed his first experiments at his colorado springs lab ; he recorded his initial spark length at five inches long , but very thick and noisy . <SEP> what ?
in 1271 , kublai khan imposed the name great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ; pinyin : dà yuán ; wade–giles : ta-yüan ) , establishing the yuan dynasty . <SEP> when ?
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game . <SEP> what company ?
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> what type of numeral ?
according to the secret history , temüjin again offered his friendship to jamukha , asking him to return to his side . <SEP> what ?
it consists of nine members , both laity and clergy , elected by the general conference for an eight-year term . <SEP> how long ?
the president of the council and a commissioner can sit in on ecb meetings , but do not have voting rights . <SEP> 
bart starr ( mvp of super bowls i and ii ) and chuck howley ( mvp of super bowl v ) appeared via video , while peyton manning ( mvp of super bowl xli and current broncos quarterback ) was shown in the locker room preparing for the game . <SEP> what former mvp ?
he supplied four of eight songs of the first lutheran hymnal achtliederbuch , 18 of 26 songs of the erfurt enchiridion , and 24 of the 32 songs in the first choral hymnal with settings by johann walter , eyn geystlich gesangk buchleyn , all published in 1524 . <SEP> how many hymns ?
according to this theory , those who already hold wealth have the means to invest in new sources of creating wealth or to otherwise leverage the accumulation of wealth , thus are the beneficiaries of the new wealth . <SEP> who ?
the quantitative answer to this particular problem instance is of little use for solving other instances of the problem , such as asking for a round trip through all sites in milan whose total length is at most 10 km . <SEP> what ?
in the united states , the industry in 2014 has around $ 960 billion in annual revenue according to statistics tracked by the census bureau , of which $ 680 billion is private ( split evenly between residential and nonresidential ) and the remainder is government . <SEP> what ?
in 1881 , tesla moved to budapest to work under ferenc puskás at a telegraph company , the budapest telephone exchange . <SEP> where ?
the san bernardino-riverside area maintains the business districts of downtown san bernardino , hospitality business/financial centre , university town which are in san bernardino and downtown riverside . <SEP> 
they set back any british hopes for campaigns on lake ontario , and endangered the oswego garrison , already short on supplies . <SEP> what plans of the british ?
most of these districts are located in northern san diego and some within north county regions . <SEP> where ?
plenary meetings in the debating chamber usually take place on wednesday afternoons from 2 pm to 6 pm and on thursdays from 9:15 am to 6 pm . <SEP> where ?
dubbed skylab , it was constructed complete on the ground rather than in space , and launched in 1973 using the two lower stages of a saturn v. it was equipped with an apollo telescope mount , the solar telescope that would have been used on the apollo telescope missions . <SEP> 
bskyb 's digital service was officially launched on 1 october 1998 under the name sky digital , although small-scale tests were carried out before then . <SEP> what ?
in late 1961 and early 1962 , members of the manned spacecraft center began to come around to support lor , including the newly hired deputy director of the office of manned space flight , joseph shea , who became a champion of lor . <SEP> who ?
it was founded in 1852 and named after queen victoria and prince albert . <SEP> which monarchs ?
according to tesla , edison remarked , " there 's fifty thousand dollars in it for you—if you can do it . <SEP> how much ?
this behavior started with his learning of the execution of johann esch and heinrich voes , the first individuals to be martyred by the roman catholic church for lutheran views , prompting luther to write the hymn " ein neues lied wir heben an " ( " a new song we raise " ) , which is generally known in english by john c. messenger 's translation by the title and first line " flung to the heedless winds " and sung to the tune ibstone composed in 1875 by maria c. tiddeman . <SEP> what hymn ?
in the presidential elections , president kibaki under the party of national unity ran for re-election against the main opposition party , the orange democratic movement ( odm ) . <SEP> what party ?
on 15 june 1520 , the pope warned luther with the papal bull ( edict ) exsurge domine that he risked excommunication unless he recanted 41 sentences drawn from his writings , including the 95 theses , within 60 days . <SEP> what ?
starting in 1313 the traditional imperial examinations were reintroduced for prospective officials , testing their knowledge on significant historical works . <SEP> when ?
they defeated the arizona cardinals 49–15 in the nfc championship game and advanced to their second super bowl appearance since the franchise was founded in 1995. the broncos finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , and denied the new england patriots a chance to defend their title from super bowl xlix by defeating them 20–18 in the afc championship game . <SEP> who ?
following bskyb 's 2014 acquisition of sky italia and a majority 90.04 % interest in sky deutschland in november 2014 , its holding company british sky broadcasting group plc changed its name to sky plc . <SEP> what year ?
several hospital pharmacies have decided to outsource high risk preparations and some other compounding functions to companies who specialize in compounding . <SEP> what types of pharmacy functions ?
one example is an enzyme called tyrosinase that , when expressed at high levels , transforms certain skin cells ( e.g . <SEP> what ?
enthusiastic teachers are particularly good at creating beneficial relations with their students . <SEP> what type of relationships ?
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion . <SEP> what gorge ?
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell . <SEP> what team ?
according to a 1955 review , savings by the wealthy , if these increase with inequality , were thought to offset reduced consumer demand . <SEP> 
they are sometimes called blue-green algae even though they are prokaryotes . <SEP> how ?
they synthesize ordinary starch , which is stored in granules found in the periplastid space—outside the original double membrane , in the place that corresponds to the red alga 's cytoplasm . <SEP> where ?
following the cretaceous–paleogene extinction event , the extinction of the dinosaurs and the wetter climate may have allowed the tropical rainforest to spread out across the continent . <SEP> which type of climate ?
a publicly accessible database has been established for the cataloguing of epitopes from pathogens known to be recognizable by b cells . <SEP> by what cells ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> when ?
in 1968 during the cultural revolution , red guards destroyed almost everything of value . <SEP> who ?
the parasite trypanosoma brucei uses a similar strategy , constantly switching one type of surface protein for another , allowing it to stay one step ahead of the antibody response . <SEP> what ?
newcastle student radio is run by students from both of the city 's universities , broadcasting from newcastle university 's student 's union building during term time . <SEP> what radio station ?
confirming it had reached its target , the broadcaster said its reach into 36 % of households in the uk represented an audience of more than 25m people . <SEP> how large ?
geophysical data and well logs can be combined to produce a better view of the subsurface , and stratigraphers often use computer programs to do this in three dimensions . <SEP> what ?
the connection between macroscopic nonconservative forces and microscopic conservative forces is described by detailed treatment with statistical mechanics . <SEP> in what treatment ?
after banishing the zwickau prophets , he now faced a battle against not only the established church but also the radical reformers who threatened the new order by fomenting social unrest and violence . <SEP> who ?
it operates several arts , cultural , and scientific museums , alongside the harvard library , which is the world 's largest academic and private library system , comprising 79 individual libraries with over 18 million volumes . <SEP> how many volumes ?
neoclassical economics views inequalities in the distribution of income as arising from differences in value added by labor , capital and land . <SEP> what ?
for example , dalton assumed that water 's formula was ho , giving the atomic mass of oxygen as 8 times that of hydrogen , instead of the modern value of about 16. in 1805 , joseph louis gay-lussac and alexander von humboldt showed that water is formed of two volumes of hydrogen and one volume of oxygen ; and by 1811 amedeo avogadro had arrived at the correct interpretation of water 's composition , based on what is now called avogadro 's law and the assumption of diatomic elemental molecules . <SEP> what theory ?
it was not until january 1518 that friends of luther translated the 95 theses from latin into german and printed and widely copied them , making the controversy one of the first in history to be aided by the printing press . <SEP> who ?
infrastructure is often called heavy/highway , heavy civil or heavy engineering . <SEP> 
all uses of sculpture are represented , from tomb and memorial , to portrait , allegorical , religious , mythical , statues for gardens including fountains , as well as architectural decorations . <SEP> which uses of sculpture ?
legislative power in warsaw is vested in a unicameral warsaw city council ( rada miasta ) , which comprises 60 members . <SEP> who in warsaw ?
a norman named oursel led a force of " franks " into the upper euphrates valley in northern syria . <SEP> who ?
following guidelines set in the national cycling strategy , newcastle first developed its cycling strategy in 1998. as of 2012 , the local council social aims and objectives for cycling include : highlighting the usage of cycling to cut city congestion ; educating that cycling promotes healthy living… the authority also has infrastructure aims and objectives which include : developing on road cycle networks on quieter streets ; making safer routes on busier streets ; innovating and implementing contraflows on one way streets ; developing the existing off road cycle route networks and improve signage ; joining up routes that are partially or completely isolated ; increase the number of cycle parking facilities ; working with employers to integrate cycling into workplace travel plans ; link the local networks to national networks . <SEP> what ?
oxygen also occurs in phosphate ( po3− 4 ) groups in the biologically important energy-carrying molecules atp and adp , in the backbone and the purines ( except adenine ) and pyrimidines of rna and dna , and in bones as calcium phosphate and hydroxylapatite . <SEP> in what calcium ?
the ohio country was particularly vulnerable to legal and illegal settlement due to the construction of military roads to the area by braddock and forbes . <SEP> what ?
on carolina 's next possession fullback mike tolbert lost a fumble while being tackled by safety darian stewart , which linebacker danny trevathan recovered on the broncos 40-yard line . <SEP> which fullback ?
the traditional visor helmet was replaced with a clear " fishbowl " type for greater visibility , and the lunar surface eva suit would include a water-cooled undergarment . <SEP> what type of undergarment , if any , ?
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 . <SEP> what ?
the species richness is mainly due to the location of warsaw within the border region of several big floral regions comprising substantial proportions of close-to-wilderness areas ( natural forests , wetlands along the vistula ) as well as arable land , meadows and forests . <SEP> why ?
several thousand major and non-major undergraduates enroll annually in creative and performing arts classes . <SEP> how many students ?
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls . <SEP> who ?
the network 's flagship owned-and-operated station , wjz-tv in new york city ( later re-called wabc-tv ) , signed on the air on august 10 , 1948 , with its first broadcast running for two hours that evening . <SEP> when ?
francis blackburne in 1765 argued that john jortin misread this and other passages from luther , while gottfried fritschel pointed out in 1867 that it actually refers to the soul of a man " in this life " ( homo enim in hac vita ) tired from his daily labour ( defatigus diurno labore ) who at night enters his bedchamber ( sub noctem intrat in cubiculum suum ) and whose sleep is interrupted by dreams . <SEP> who ?
in 1980 , warsaw 's historic old town was inscribed onto unesco 's world heritage list . <SEP> what list ?
chloroplasts have their own ribosomes , which they use to synthesize a small fraction of their proteins . <SEP> what ?
this " germanic heroic age " is reflected in medieval legend , such as the nibelungenlied which tells of the hero siegfried killing a dragon on the drachenfels ( siebengebirge ) ( " dragons rock " ) , near bonn at the rhine and of the burgundians and their court at worms , at the rhine and kriemhild 's golden treasure , which was thrown into the rhine by hagen . <SEP> what ?
2000 saw the end of " tgif " , which was struggling to find new hits ( with boy meets world and sabrina , the teenage witch , the latter of which moved to the wb in september 2000 , beginning to wane as well by this point ) following the loss of family matters and step by step to cbs as part of its own failed attempt at a family-oriented friday comedy block in the 1997–98 season . <SEP> which network ?
in contrast , osweiler threw for 1,967 yards , 10 touchdowns and six interceptions for a rating of 86.4. veteran receiver demaryius thomas led the team with 105 receptions for 1,304 yards and six touchdowns , while emmanuel sanders caught 76 passes for 1,135 yards and six scores , while adding another 106 yards returning punts . <SEP> who ?
the most widely accepted estimate for the middle east , including iraq , iran and syria , during this time , is for a death rate of about a third . <SEP> how much of the population in the middle ?
professional skateboarder tony hawk , professional surfers rob machado , tim curran , bobby martinez , pat o'connell , dane reynolds , and chris ward , and professional snowboarder shaun white live in southern california . <SEP> what ?
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche . <SEP> of which nationality ?
it discriminated against parallel importers like mr dassonville , who could not get certificates from authorities in france , where they bought the scotch . <SEP> what ?
prolonged breathing of an air mixture with an o 2 partial pressure more than 60 kpa can eventually lead to permanent pulmonary fibrosis . <SEP> 
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto . <SEP> what tv host and writer ?
also of importance is the becket casket dated c1180 to contain relics of st thomas becket , made from gilt copper , with enamelled scenes of the saint 's martyrdom . <SEP> to which year ?
the eu 's primary constitutional sources are the treaty on european union ( teu ) and the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( tfeu ) , which have been agreed or adhered to among the governments of all 28 member states . <SEP> what ?
they were so called because they worked on the keels , boats that were used to transfer coal from the river banks to the waiting colliers , for export to london and elsewhere . <SEP> how ?
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters . <SEP> who ?
however , most electric power is generated using steam turbine plant , so that indirectly the world 's industry is still dependent on steam power . <SEP> what plants ?
the plain moraine plateau has only a few natural and artificial ponds and also groups of clay pits . <SEP> what plateau ?
he allowed them to make decisions on their own when they embarked on campaigns far from the mongol empire capital karakorum . <SEP> what ?
there were 158,349 households , of which 68,511 ( 43.3 % ) had children under the age of 18 living in them , 69,284 ( 43.8 % ) were opposite-sex married couples living together , 30,547 ( 19.3 % ) had a female householder with no husband present , 11,698 ( 7.4 % ) had a male householder with no wife present . <SEP> how many households ?
broadcaster and writer stuart maconie described newcastle as england 's best-looking city and the late german-born british scholar of architecture , nikolaus pevsner , describes grey street as one of the finest streets in england . <SEP> what street ?
however , a residual of the force is observed between hadrons ( the best known example being the force that acts between nucleons in atomic nuclei ) as the nuclear force . <SEP> what ?
johnson 's advance stopped at fort william henry , and the french withdrew to ticonderoga point , where they began the construction of fort carillon ( later renamed fort ticonderoga after british capture in 1759 ) . <SEP> where ?
he had the theses checked for heresy and in december 1517 forwarded them to rome . <SEP> when ?
eu competition law has its origins in the european coal and steel community ( ecsc ) agreement between france , italy , belgium , the netherlands , luxembourg and germany in 1951 following the second world war . <SEP> which countries ?
in 1881 , tesla moved to budapest to work under ferenc puskás at a telegraph company , the budapest telephone exchange . <SEP> in what year ?
the city grew as an important centre for the wool trade in the 14th century , and later became a major coal mining area . <SEP> what trade ?
chloroplasts alone make almost all of a plant cell 's amino acids in their stroma except the sulfur-containing ones like cysteine and methionine . <SEP> which amino acids ?
the sarah jane adventures , starring elisabeth sladen who reprised her role as investigative journalist sarah jane smith , was developed by cbbc ; a special aired on new year 's day 2007 and a full series began on 24 september 2007. a second series followed in 2008 , notable for ( as noted above ) featuring the return of brigadier lethbridge-stewart . <SEP> when ?
other prominent alumni include anthropologists david graeber and donald johanson , who is best known for discovering the fossil of a female hominid australopithecine known as " lucy " in the afar triangle region , psychologist john b. watson , american psychologist who established the psychological school of behaviorism , communication theorist harold innis , chess grandmaster samuel reshevsky , and conservative international relations scholar and white house coordinator of security planning for the national security council samuel p. huntington . <SEP> what ?
another definition for southern california uses point conception and the tehachapi mountains as the northern boundary . <SEP> 
generally , " prime " indicates minimality or indecomposability , in an appropriate sense . <SEP> what ?
for the conservatives , the main disappointment was the loss of edinburgh pentlands , the seat of former party leader david mcletchie , to the snp . <SEP> 
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> what injury ?
as organisms exist at the same time period throughout the world , their presence or ( sometimes ) absence may be used to provide a relative age of the formations in which they are found . <SEP> what ?
the income gap in other countries ranges from 53 % in botswana to -40 % in bahrain . <SEP> what ?
the college of the university of chicago grants bachelor of arts and bachelor of science degrees in 50 academic majors and 28 minors . <SEP> how many academic majors ?
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 . <SEP> when ?
the preparation and approval process for all ipcc special reports follows the same procedures as for ipcc assessment reports . <SEP> how ?
the broncos practiced at stanford university and stayed at the santa clara marriott . <SEP> where ?
to show an upper bound t ( n ) on the time complexity of a problem , one needs to show only that there is a particular algorithm with running time at most t ( n ) . <SEP> 
all um churches must have a board of trustees with at least three members and no more than nine members and it is recommended that no gender should hold more than a 2/3 majority . <SEP> what ?
in accordance with his father 's wishes , luther enrolled in law school at the same university that year but dropped out almost immediately , believing that law represented uncertainty . <SEP> what ?
abc 's other owned-and-operated stations launched over the course of the next 13 months : wenr-tv in chicago signed on the air on september 17 , while wxyz-tv in detroit went on the air on october 9 , 1948. in october 1948 , as a result of an influx of television station license applications that it had issued as well as a study it undertook on the use of the vhf spectrum for broadcasting purposes , the fcc implemented a freeze on new station applications . <SEP> when ?
at the time of his death , the mongol empire stretched from the caspian sea to the sea of japan . <SEP> what body of water ?
apollo/saturn vehicles were also used for an apollo applications program , which consisted of skylab , a space station that supported three manned missions in 1973–74 , and the apollo–soyuz test project , a joint earth orbit mission with the soviet union in 1975 . <SEP> who ?
hans luther was ambitious for himself and his family , and he was determined to see martin , his eldest son , become a lawyer . <SEP> what profession ?
at a meeting of the us house committee on science and astronautics one day after gagarin 's flight , many congressmen pledged their support for a crash program aimed at ensuring that america would catch up . <SEP> how many days after gagarin 's flight ?
islamism , also known as political islam ( arabic : إسلام سياسي‎ islām siyāsī ) , is an islamic revival movement often characterized by moral conservatism , literalism , and the attempt " to implement islamic values in all spheres of life . " <SEP> what ?
the present mediterranean sea descends from this somewhat larger tethys sea . <SEP> what sea ?
genghis khan united the mongol and turkic tribes of the steppes and became great khan in 1206. he and his successors expanded the mongol empire across asia . <SEP> when ?
the company energiprojekt ab in sweden has made progress in using modern materials for harnessing the power of steam . <SEP> where ?
the story is based on comments made by philipp melanchthon , though it is thought that he was not in wittenberg at the time . <SEP> where ?
tesla claimed that he worked from 3 a.m. to 11 p.m. , no sundays or holidays excepted . <SEP> 
bantu and nilotic populations together constitute around 97 % of the nation 's residents . <SEP> where ?
virgin media has claimed that other hd channels were " locked up " or otherwise withheld from their platform , although virgin media did in fact have an option to carry channel 4 hd in the future . <SEP> what ?
luther 's other major works on the jews were his 60,000-word treatise von den juden und ihren lügen ( on the jews and their lies ) , and vom schem hamphoras und vom geschlecht christi ( on the holy name and the lineage of christ ) , both published in 1543 , three years before his death . <SEP> when ?
the immune system is a system of many biological structures and processes within an organism that protects against disease . <SEP> what ?
the role of " spiritual teacher " may be filled by many individuals in the lds church , often a trusted friend , who may hold any office , from elder to bishop , or no office at all . <SEP> who ?
they also lost super bowl xxi when they wore white jerseys , but they are 0-4 in super bowls when wearing orange jerseys , losing in super bowl xii , xxii , xxiv , and xlviii . <SEP> what color jersey ?
as a result , television series were produced by abc circle films beginning in 1962 and by touchstone television beginning in 1985 , before touchstone was reorganized as abc studios in february 2007. since the 1950s , abc has had two main production facilities : the abc television center ( now the prospect studios ) on prospect avenue in hollywood , california , shared with the operations of kabc-tv until 1999 ; and the abc television center , east , a set of studios located throughout the new york city . <SEP> what entity ?
newcastle has three cathedrals , the anglican st. nicholas , with its elegant lantern tower of 1474 , the roman catholic st. mary 's designed by augustus welby pugin and the coptic cathedral located in fenham . <SEP> what year ?
seeing this as damaging to the mongol nation , kublai in 1291 forbade the sale abroad of mongols . <SEP> when ?
for example , the aforementioned fact that there are infinitely many primes can also be seen using the zeta function : if there were only finitely many primes then ζ ( 1 ) would have a finite value . <SEP> what type of value ?
osweiler was injured , however , leading to manning 's return during the week 17 regular season finale , where the broncos were losing 13–7 against the 4–11 san diego chargers , resulting in manning re-claiming the starting quarterback position for the playoffs by leading the team to a key 27–20 win that enabled the team to clinch the number one overall afc seed . <SEP> who ?
he needed the revenue from the indulgences to pay off a papal dispensation for his tenure of more than one bishopric . <SEP> what ?
following bskyb 's 2014 acquisition of sky italia and a majority 90.04 % interest in sky deutschland in november 2014 , its holding company british sky broadcasting group plc changed its name to sky plc . <SEP> what ?
the specific devolved matters are all subjects which are not explicitly stated in schedule 5 to the scotland act as reserved matters . <SEP> where ?
woodward park , which features the shinzen japanese gardens , numerous picnic areas and several miles of trails , is in north fresno and is adjacent to the san joaquin river parkway . <SEP> which ?
in the early 1970s , trevor martin played the role in doctor who and the daleks in the seven keys to doomsday . <SEP> who ?
he was the second-oldest son of his father yesügei , a khamag mongol 's major chief of the kiyad and an ally of toghrul khan of the keraite tribe , and the oldest son of his mother hoelun . <SEP> who ?
apollo ran from 1961 to 1972 , and was supported by the two-man gemini program which ran concurrently with it from 1962 to 1966. gemini missions developed some of the space travel techniques that were necessary for the success of the apollo missions . <SEP> what program ?
there are eleven lea-funded 11 to 18 schools and seven independent schools with sixth forms in newcastle . <SEP> how many of the schools in newcastle ?
these advances led to the development of a layered model of the earth , with a crust and lithosphere on top , the mantle below ( separated within itself by seismic discontinuities at 410 and 660 kilometers ) , and the outer core and inner core below that . <SEP> 
in addition , a substantial and expanding informal sector commonly referred to as jua kali engages in small-scale manufacturing of household goods , motor-vehicle parts , and farm implements . <SEP> what ?
the distinct cultural and ethnic identity of the normans emerged initially in the first half of the 10th century , and it continued to evolve over the succeeding centuries . <SEP> what century ?
britain gained control of french canada and acadia , colonies containing approximately 80,000 primarily french-speaking roman catholic residents . <SEP> how many french colonists ?
oxygen is toxic to obligately anaerobic organisms , which were the dominant form of early life on earth until o 2 began to accumulate in the atmosphere about 2.5 billion years ago during the great oxygenation event , about a billion years after the first appearance of these organisms . <SEP> to what type of organisms ?
they cling to and creep on surfaces by everting the pharynx and using it as a muscular " foot " . <SEP> what ?
while etioplasts lack chlorophyll , they have a yellow chlorophyll precursor stocked . <SEP> what ?
his successor , ted heath , reversed this policy in 1970 , calling for israel to withdraw to its pre-1967 borders . <SEP> who ?
in 1970 , abc debuted monday night football as part of its monday prime time schedule ; the program became a hit for the network and served as the national football league ( nfl ) 's premier game of the week until 2006 , when sunday night football , which moved to nbc that year as part of a broadcast deal that in turn saw mnf move to espn , took over as the league 's marquee game . <SEP> what football program ?
between bingen and bonn , the middle rhine flows through the rhine gorge , a formation which was created by erosion . <SEP> what flows between the bingen and bonn ?
the relationship between children and their teachers tends to be closer in the primary school where they act as form tutor , specialist teacher and surrogate parent during the course of the day . <SEP> what type of parenting role ?
as indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation and ecocide , such as in the peruvian amazon indigenous peoples ' rainforest communities continue to disappear , while others , like the urarina continue to struggle to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories . <SEP> what kind of territories ?
during the 1970s and sometimes later , western and pro-western governments often supported sometimes fledgling islamists and islamist groups that later came to be seen as dangerous enemies . <SEP> what ?
on teacher/course evaluations , it was found that teachers who have a positive disposition towards the course content tend to transfer their passion to receptive students . <SEP> what ?
the islamic republic has also maintained its hold on power in iran in spite of us economic sanctions , and has created or assisted like-minded shia terrorist groups in iraq , egypt , syria , jordan ( sciri ) and lebanon ( hezbollah ) ( two muslim countries that also have large shiite populations ) . <SEP> what republic ?
in the united kingdom and several other commonwealth countries including australia and canada , the use of the term is generally restricted to primary and secondary educational levels ; it is almost never used of universities and other tertiary institutions . <SEP> what country ?
as of that day , the new constitution heralding the second republic came into force . <SEP> what ?
lepidodinium is the only dinophyte that has a chloroplast that 's not from the rhodoplast lineage . <SEP> what ?
hamas has continued to be a major player in palestine . <SEP> what organization ?
they suggested that stromatoveris was an evolutionary " aunt " of ctenophores , and that ctenophores originated from sessile animals whose descendants became swimmers and changed the cilia from a feeding mechanism to a propulsion system . <SEP> which genus ?
this and other experiments on combustion were documented in his book sur la combustion en général , which was published in 1777. in that work , he proved that air is a mixture of two gases ; 'vital air ' , which is essential to combustion and respiration , and azote ( gk . <SEP> what second part of air ?
the three sources of european union law are primary law , secondary law and supplementary law . <SEP> how many sources of european union law ?
but stephen eilmann argues that if it is necessary to disobey rules that conflict with morality , we might ask why disobedience should take the form of public civil disobedience rather than simply covert lawbreaking . <SEP> why ?
this extends to the personal video recorder ( pvr ) offering ( branded sky+ ) . <SEP> what ?
during his second year of study at graz , tesla developed a passion for ( and became very proficient at ) billiards , chess and card-playing , sometimes spending more than 48 hours in a stretch at a gaming table . <SEP> where ?
co-teaching focuses the student on learning by providing a social networking support that allows them to reach their full cognitive potential . <SEP> what ?
manning finished the year with a career-low 67.9 passer rating , throwing for 2,249 yards and nine touchdowns , with 17 interceptions . <SEP> how many picks ?
the crisis reduced the demand for large cars . <SEP> which ?
meanwhile , the relationship between non-human primates in the subsistence and symbolism of indigenous lowland south american peoples has gained increased attention , as have ethno-biology and community-based conservation efforts . <SEP> what type of conservation effort ?
free movement was increasingly based on " citizenship " , so that people had rights to empower them to become economically and socially active , rather than economic activity being a precondition for rights . <SEP> what ?
it is also known as the plastome . <SEP> what ?
according to work by barro in 1999 and 2000 , high levels of inequality reduce growth in relatively poor countries but encourage growth in richer countries . <SEP> what ?
in the presidential elections , president kibaki under the party of national unity ran for re-election against the main opposition party , the orange democratic movement ( odm ) . <SEP> who ?
it is the county seat of duval county , with which the city government consolidated in 1968. consolidation gave jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits ; with an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014 , it is the most populous city proper in florida and the southeast , and the 12th most populous in the united states . <SEP> in which county ?
the appletalk system automatically assigned addresses , updated the distributed namespace , and configured any required inter-network routing . <SEP> what ?
near the end of the 19th century compound engines came into widespread use . <SEP> what type of engines ?
photosystem ii and photosystem i contain light-harvesting complexes with chlorophyll and carotenoids that absorb light energy and use it to energize electrons . <SEP> what ?
many millerton residents , drawn by the convenience of the railroad and worried about flooding , moved to the new community . <SEP> what ?
certain arithmetic questions related to q or more general global fields may be transferred back and forth to the completed ( or local ) fields . <SEP> to what ?
complexity measures are very generally defined by the blum complexity axioms . <SEP> 
the undergraduate college became coeducational after its 1977 merger with radcliffe college . <SEP> when ?
according to the same statistics , the average age of people living in newcastle is 37.8 ( the national average being 38.6 ) . <SEP> what ?
abc airs nba games on sundays , normally starting in january as " nba sunday showcase " during the regular season , and shows christmas day games , regularly between 2–7 pm et , and nba playoff games during the weekends , and exclusive rights to the nba finals . <SEP> for what ?
the nearer side is composed of tall nutritive cells that store nutrients in vacuoles ( internal compartments ) , germ cells that produce eggs or sperm , and photocytes that produce bioluminescence . <SEP> what ?
for the salary year beginning april 2008 , unpromoted teachers in scotland earned from £20,427 for a probationer , up to £32,583 after 6 years teaching , but could then go on to earn up to £39,942 as they complete the modules to earn chartered teacher status ( requiring at least 6 years at up to two modules per year . ) <SEP> how much ?
the measurement implies that an unknown process depleted oxygen-16 from the sun 's disk of protoplanetary material prior to the coalescence of dust grains that formed the earth . <SEP> what type of process ?
the university of chicago library system encompasses six libraries that contain a total of 9.8 million volumes , the 11th most among library systems in the united states . <SEP> how many libraries in total ?
during the ordinary legislative procedure , the council ( which are ministers from member state governments ) and the european parliament ( elected by citizens ) can make amendments and must give their consent for laws to pass . <SEP> who ?
the victorian constitution can be amended by the parliament of victoria , except for certain " entrenched " provisions that require either an absolute majority in both houses , a three-fifths majority in both houses , or the approval of the victorian people in a referendum , depending on the provision . <SEP> what ?
wbt will also simulcast the game on its sister station wbt-fm ( 99.3 fm ) , which is based in chester , south carolina . <SEP> what radio station in south carolina ?
rather than simply dispensing medication , pharmacists are increasingly expected to be compensated for their patient care skills . <SEP> what responsibilities ?
the length of the rhine is conventionally measured in " rhine-kilometers " ( rheinkilometer ) , a scale introduced in 1939 which runs from the old rhine bridge at constance ( 0 km ) to hoek van holland ( 1036.20 km ) . <SEP> where ?
this lessens the likelihood of damage to the existing electrical , water , sewage , phone , and cable facilities , which could cause outages and potentially hazardous situations . <SEP> 
in december 1878 , tesla left graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school . <SEP> when ?
the five-story building includes two cardio rooms , an olympic-size swimming pool , a smaller pool for aquaerobics and other activities , a mezzanine , where all types of classes are held , an indoor cycling studio , three weight rooms , and a three-court gym floor to play basketball . <SEP> how many weight rooms ?
in the late 17th century , robert boyle proved that air is necessary for combustion . <SEP> in what century ?
the majority may be powerful but it is not necessarily right . <SEP> what ?
in his theses and disputations against the antinomians , luther reviews and reaffirms , on the one hand , what has been called the " second use of the law , " that is , the law as the holy spirit 's tool to work sorrow over sin in man 's heart , thus preparing him for christ 's fulfillment of the law offered in the gospel . <SEP> what ?
tesla read many works , memorizing complete books , and supposedly possessed a photographic memory . <SEP> what kind of memory ?
the first , as-201 launched on february 26 , reached an altitude of 265.7 nautical miles ( 492.1 km ) and splashed down 4,577 nautical miles ( 8,477 km ) downrange in the atlantic ocean . <SEP> how high in miles ?
they set up a laboratory for tesla at 89 liberty street in manhattan where he worked on improving and developing new types of electric motors , generators and other devices . <SEP> where ?
while studying law and philosophy in england and germany , iqbal became a member of the london branch of the all india muslim league . <SEP> what organization ?
in secondary schools they will be taught by different subject specialists each session during the week and may have ten or more different teachers . <SEP> who ?
the harvard crimson competes in 42 intercollegiate sports in the ncaa division i ivy league . <SEP> how many intercollegiate sports ?
central banking economist raghuram rajan argues that " systematic economic inequalities , within the united states and around the world , have created deep financial 'fault lines ' that have made [ financial ] crises more likely to happen than in the past " – the financial crisis of 2007–08 being the most recent example . <SEP> what ?
its most familiar effect is beta decay ( of neutrons in atomic nuclei ) and the associated radioactivity . <SEP> what ?
indeed , for vice president agnew it has become a code-word describing the activities of muggers , arsonists , draft evaders , campaign hecklers , campus militants , anti-war demonstrators , juvenile delinquents and political assassins . " <SEP> who ?
on the next play , miller stripped the ball away from newton , and after several players dove for it , it took a long bounce backwards and was recovered by ward , who returned it five yards to the panthers 4-yard line . <SEP> what ?
as of 2012 [ update ] , harvard university had a total financial aid reserve of $ 159 million for students , and a pell grant reserve of $ 4.093 million available for disbursement . <SEP> what ?
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey . <SEP> what meteorologist ?
the path of violence and military struggle was then taken up by the egyptian islamic jihad organization responsible for the assassination of anwar sadat in 1981. unlike earlier anti-colonial movements the extremist group directed its attacks against what it believed were " apostate " leaders of muslim states , leaders who held secular leanings or who had introduced or promoted western/foreign ideas and practices into islamic societies . <SEP> when ?
the league announced on october 16 , 2012 , that the two finalists were sun life stadium and levi 's stadium . <SEP> what date ?
his patented ac induction motor and transformer were licensed by george westinghouse , who also hired tesla for a short time as a consultant . <SEP> what other invention of tesla 's ?
the lucas–lehmer test is particularly fast for numbers of this form . <SEP> what test ?
the last plague outbreak ravaged oslo in 1654 . <SEP> when ?
however , the panthers soon took the ball back when defensive end kony ealy tipped a manning pass to himself and then intercepted it , returning the ball 19 yards to the panthers 39-yard line with 1:55 left on the clock . <SEP> which panther ?
the saturn ib was an upgraded version of the saturn i. the s-ib first stage increased the thrust to 1,600,000 pounds-force ( 7,120 kn ) , and the second stage replaced the s-iv with the s-ivb-200 , powered by a single j-2 engine burning liquid hydrogen fuel with lox , to produce 200,000 lbf ( 890 kn ) of thrust . <SEP> what ?
in 1857 john sheepshanks donated 233 paintings , mainly by contemporary british artists , and a similar number of drawings to the museum with the intention of forming a ' a national gallery of british art ' , a role since taken on by tate britain ; artists represented are william blake , james barry , henry fuseli , sir edwin henry landseer , sir david wilkie , william mulready , william powell frith , millais and hippolyte delaroche . <SEP> how many paintings ?
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966. ten years later , the first original doctor who audio was released on lp record ; doctor who and the pescatons featuring the fourth doctor . <SEP> what story ?
under the treaty on european union article 19 ( 2 ) there is one judge from each member state , 28 at present , who are supposed to " possess the qualifications required for appointment to the highest judicial offices " ( or for the general court , the " ability required for appointment to high judicial office " ) . <SEP> how many total judges ?
the empire 's expansion continued for a generation or more after genghis 's death in 1227. under genghis 's successor ögedei khan the speed of expansion reached its peak . <SEP> who ?
kenya 's services sector , which contributes 61 % of gdp , is dominated by tourism . <SEP> what ?
in the laboratory , biostratigraphers analyze rock samples from outcrop and drill cores for the fossils found in them . <SEP> who ?
the city 's residents fled to the north , most of them dying during the journey , but the infection had been spread to the people of asia minor . <SEP> where ?
its substance was very similar to the proposed constitutional treaty , but it was formally an amending treaty , and – though it significantly altered the existing treaties – it did not completely replace them . <SEP> what type of treaty ?
steam turbines are generally more efficient than reciprocating piston type steam engines ( for outputs above several hundred horsepower ) , have fewer moving parts , and provide rotary power directly instead of through a connecting rod system or similar means . <SEP> above what horsepower ?
they retained the religious provisions of the edict of nantes until the rule of louis xiv , who progressively increased persecution of them until he issued the edict of fontainebleau ( 1685 ) , which abolished all legal recognition of protestantism in france , and forced the huguenots to convert . <SEP> what proclamation ?
sculptors both british and europeans who were based in britain and whose work is in the collection include nicholas stone , caius gabriel cibber , grinling gibbons , john michael rysbrack , louis-françois roubiliac , peter scheemakers , sir henry cheere , agostino carlini , thomas banks , joseph nollekens , joseph wilton , john flaxman , sir francis chantrey , john gibson , edward hodges baily , lord leighton , alfred stevens , thomas brock , alfred gilbert , george frampton , and eric gill . <SEP> which english sculptor who became the leading portrait sculptor in regency era britain ?
attendance at the 2003 meeting included 350 government officials and climate change experts . <SEP> how many people ?
early valves could be adjusted by engine drivers , leading to many accidents when a driver fastened the valve down to allow greater steam pressure and more power from the engine . <SEP> what ?
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us . <SEP> what ?
on september 3 , 1958 , the disneyland anthology series was retitled walt disney presents as it became disassociated with the theme park of the same name . <SEP> what ?
examples include the huguenot district and french church street in cork city ; and d'olier street in dublin , named after a high sheriff and one of the founders of the bank of ireland . <SEP> in what irish town ?
despite denver 's excellent field position , they could not get the ball into the end zone , so mcmanus kicked a 33-yard field goal that increased their lead to 13–7 . <SEP> how ?
the country 's literacy level stands at 85 % of the whole population . <SEP> what ?
san francisco city supervisor jane kim unsuccessfully lobbied for the nfl to reimburse san francisco for city services in the amount of $ 5 million . <SEP> how much ?
generally speaking , while all member states recognise that eu law takes primacy over national law where this agreed in the treaties , they do not accept that the court of justice has the final say on foundational constitutional questions affecting democracy and human rights . <SEP> what ?
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness . <SEP> how many hours ?
in many countries , there is a gender pay gap in favor of males in the labor market . <SEP> who ?
chromatophore dna is about a million base pairs long , containing around 850 protein encoding genes—far less than the three million base pair synechococcus genome , but much larger than the approximately 150,000 base pair genome of the more assimilated chloroplast . <SEP> how many base pairs ?
newcastlegateshead also holds an annual international arts fair . <SEP> who ?
in terms of housing stock , the authority is one of few authorities to see the proportion of detached homes rise in the 2010 census ( to 7.8 % ) , in this instance this was coupled with a similar rise in flats and waterside apartments to 25.6 % , and the proportion of converted or shared houses in 2011 renders this dwelling type within the highest of the five colour-coded brackets at 5.9 % , and on a par with oxford and reading , greater than manchester and liverpool and below a handful of historic densely occupied , arguably overinflated markets in the local authorities : harrogate , cheltenham , bath , inner london , hastings , brighton and tunbridge wells . <SEP> what proportion ?
westinghouse convinced tesla to release his company from the licensing agreement over tesla 's ac patents in exchange for westinghouse electric purchasing the patents for a lump sum payment of $ 216,000 ; this provided westinghouse a break from what , due to alternating current 's rapid gain in popularity , had turned out to be an overly generous $ 2.50 per ac horsepower royalty . <SEP> how much ?
on tesla 's 75th birthday in 1931 , time magazine put him on its cover . <SEP> for what occasion ?
one of the most dramatic parts of the museum is the cast courts in the sculpture wing , comprising two large , skylighted rooms two storeys high housing hundreds of plaster casts of sculptures , friezes and tombs . <SEP> of what objects ?
following this exodus , huguenots remained in large numbers in only one region of france : the rugged cévennes region in the south . <SEP> where ?
high school education during the period was designed to equip students with necessary skill sets to be able to perform at work . <SEP> how ?
the measurement is technically difficult owing to the low signal-to-noise ratio and the physical structure of vegetation ; but it has been proposed as a possible method of monitoring the carbon cycle from satellites on a global scale . <SEP> on what scale ?
it is the second-longest river in central and western europe ( after the danube ) , at about 1,230 km ( 760 mi ) , [ note 2 ] [ note 1 ] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s ( 100,000 cu ft/s ) . <SEP> how long ?
even simple unicellular organisms such as bacteria possess a rudimentary immune system , in the form of enzymes that protect against bacteriophage infections . <SEP> that ?
the increased solubility of o 2 at lower temperatures ( see physical properties ) has important implications for ocean life , as polar oceans support a much higher density of life due to their higher oxygen content . <SEP> why ?
other major causes of fatalities in the construction industry include electrocution , transportation accidents , and trench cave-ins . <SEP> what ?
the fso car factory was established in 1951. a number of vehicles have been assembled there over the decades , including the warszawa , syrena , fiat 125p ( under license from fiat , later renamed fso 125p when the license expired ) and the polonez . <SEP> what car ?
in the summer of 1521 , luther widened his target from individual pieties like indulgences and pilgrimages to doctrines at the heart of church practices . <SEP> when ?
in early 2012 , nfl commissioner roger goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th super bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " . <SEP> what year ?
at the time of its formation , the umc had about 11 million members in nearly 42,000 congregations . <SEP> how many members ?
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown . <SEP> how many turnovers ?
however , abc made a name for itself by utilizing the practice of counterprogramming , with which it often placed shows of its own against the offerings of nbc and cbs , adopting the use of the magnetophon tape recorder , brought to the u.s. from nazi germany after its conquest , to pre-record its programming . <SEP> what new technology ?
geographically , california 's north-south midway point lies at exactly 37° 9 ' 58.23 " latitude , around 11 miles ( 18 km ) south of san jose ; however , this does not coincide with popular use of the term . <SEP> how many miles ?
gatherings of thousands of people on the banks of the vistula on midsummer ’ s night for a festival called wianki ( polish for wreaths ) have become a tradition and a yearly event in the programme of cultural events in warsaw . <SEP> when ?
newton completed 4 of 4 passes for 51 yards and rushed twice for 25 yards , while jonathan stewart finished the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run , cutting the score to 10–7 with 11:28 left in the second quarter . <SEP> how many yards ?
a pair of carries by c. j. anderson moved the ball up 20 yards to the panthers 14-yard line , but carolina 's defense dug in over the next three plays . <SEP> who ?
there is evidence that there have been significant changes in amazon rainforest vegetation over the last 21,000 years through the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) and subsequent deglaciation . <SEP> how many years ?
tibetan art from the 14th to the 19th century is represented by notable 14th- and 15th-century religious images in wood and bronze , scroll paintings and ritual objects . <SEP> tibetan art from which period ?
the fire that killed the apollo 1 crew in a launch pad test spread so rapidly because the capsule was pressurized with pure o 2 but at slightly more than atmospheric pressure , instead of the 1⁄3 normal pressure that would be used in a mission . <SEP> 
the original theme was composed by ron grainer and realised by delia derbyshire of the bbc radiophonic workshop , with assistance from dick mills . <SEP> who ?
in fact , most eu law is applied by member state courts ( the english court of appeal , the german bundesgerichtshof , the belgian cour du travail , etc . ) <SEP> under which courts ?
the joe and rika mansueto library , built in 2011 , houses a large study space and an automatic book storage and retrieval system . <SEP> in what year ?
sociologist jake rosenfield of the university of washington asserts that the decline of organized labor in the united states has played a more significant role in expanding the income gap than technological changes and globalization , which were also experienced by other industrialized nations that did n't experience steep surges in inequality . <SEP> what ?
committees comprise a small number of msps , with membership reflecting the balance of parties across parliament . <SEP> who ?
in ireland , private schools ( irish : scoil phríobháideach ) are unusual because a certain number of teacher 's salaries are paid by the state . <SEP> how ?
the connection between electricity and magnetism allows for the description of a unified electromagnetic force that acts on a charge . <SEP> what magnetic and electric force ?
because the operations of the armed forces have been traditionally cloaked by the ubiquitous blanket of “ state security ” , the corruption has been less in public view , and thus less subject to public scrutiny and notoriety . <SEP> why ?
polonia was relegated from the country 's top flight in 2013 because of their disastrous financial situation . <SEP> why ?
for the top 21 industrialised countries , counting each person equally , life expectancy is lower in more unequal countries ( r = -.907 ) . <SEP> in u.s. states , what ?
following the peterloo massacre of 1819 , poet percy shelley wrote the political poem the mask of anarchy later that year , that begins with the images of what he thought to be the unjust forms of authority of his time—and then imagines the stirrings of a new form of social action . <SEP> who ?
noble received other offers , including one from cbs founder william s. paley ; however , a merger with cbs would have forced that network to sell its new york city and los angeles stations at the very least . <SEP> who ?
the early cambrian sessile frond-like fossil stromatoveris , from china 's chengjiang lagerstätte and dated to about 515 million years ago , is very similar to vendobionta of the preceding ediacaran period . <SEP> how old ?
at the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 , the governors of british east africa ( as the protectorate was generally known ) and german east africa agreed a truce in an attempt to keep the young colonies out of direct hostilities . <SEP> what two governors ?
tesla may have inadvertently captured an x-ray image—predating , by a few weeks , wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 announcement of the discovery of x-rays—when he tried to photograph mark twain illuminated by a geissler tube , an earlier type of gas discharge tube . <SEP> when ?
merit network , inc. , an independent non-profit 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) corporation governed by michigan 's public universities , was formed in 1966 as the michigan educational research information triad to explore computer networking between three of michigan 's public universities as a means to help the state 's educational and economic development . <SEP> why ?
the world price , which had peaked during the 1979 energy crisis at nearly $ 40 per barrel , decreased during the 1980s to less than $ 10 per barrel . <SEP> which year ?
the service continued until the closure of bskyb 's analogue service on 27 september 2001 , due to the launch and expansion of the sky digital platform . <SEP> when ?
the royal university of warsaw was established in 1816 . <SEP> when ?
on april 14 , 2011 , abc canceled the long-running soap operas all my children and one life to live after 41 and 43 years on the air , respectively ( following backlash from fans , abc sold the rights to both shows to prospect park , which eventually revived the soaps on hulu for one additional season in 2013 and with both companies suing one another for allegations of interference with the process of reviving the shows , failure to pay licensing fees and issues over abc 's use of certain characters from one live to live on general hospital during the transition ) . <SEP> what soap operas ?
not until 1798 was henry cavendish able to make the first measurement of using a torsion balance ; this was widely reported in the press as a measurement of the mass of the earth since knowing could allow one to solve for the earth 's mass given the above equation . <SEP> who ?
on july 18 , 2006 , delegates to the world methodist council voted unanimously to adopt the " joint declaration on the doctrine of justification " , which was approved in 1999 by the vatican and the lutheran world federation . <SEP> when ?
five of the remaining six missions achieved successful landings , but the apollo 13 landing was prevented by an oxygen tank explosion in transit to the moon , which disabled the command spacecraft 's propulsion and life support . <SEP> what ?
in the united states , the game was televised by cbs , as part of a cycle between the three main broadcast television partners of the nfl . <SEP> how many broadcast television partners ?
in the uk the role of a pht has grown and responsibility has been passed on to them to manage the pharmacy department and specialised areas in pharmacy practice allowing pharmacists the time to specialise in their expert field as medication consultants spending more time working with patients and in research . <SEP> what types of responsibilities ?
there are over 100 different species of trees and the avenues are a place to sit and relax . <SEP> over how many species of trees ?
a procedural consequence of the establishment of the scottish parliament is that scottish mps sitting in the uk house of commons are able to vote on domestic legislation that applies only to england , wales and northern ireland – whilst english , scottish , welsh and northern irish westminster mps are unable to vote on the domestic legislation of the scottish parliament . <SEP> what consequence of establishing the scottish parliament ?
trevithick continued his own experiments using a trio of locomotives , concluding with the catch me who can in 1808. only four years later , the successful twin-cylinder locomotive salamanca by matthew murray was used by the edge railed rack and pinion middleton railway . <SEP> what type of locomotive ?
beginning 2007 , families with incomes below $ 60,000 pay nothing for their children to attend , including room and board . <SEP> how much ?
in what became known as the st. bartholomew 's day massacre of 24 august – 3 october 1572 , catholics killed thousands of huguenots in paris . <SEP> what group ?
singlet oxygen is a name given to several higher-energy species of molecular o 2 in which all the electron spins are paired . <SEP> what ?
in europe there are old pharmacies still operating in dubrovnik , croatia , located inside the franciscan monastery , opened in 1317 ; and in the town hall square of tallinn , estonia , dating from at least 1422. the oldest is claimed to have been set up in 1221 in the church of santa maria novella in florence , italy , which now houses a perfume museum . <SEP> in what year ?
the university 's competitive model united nations team was the top ranked team in north america in 2013-14 and 2014-2015. among notable rsos are the nation 's longest continuously running student film society doc films , organizing committee for the university of chicago scavenger hunt , the twice-weekly student newspaper the chicago maroon , the alternative weekly student newspaper south side weekly , the nation 's second oldest continuously running student improvisational theater troupe off-off campus , and the university-owned radio station whpk . <SEP> what ?
as of 2005 , there were about 667,000 firms employing 1 million contractors ( 200,000 general contractors , 38,000 heavy , and 432,000 specialty ) ; the average contractor employed fewer than 10 employees . <SEP> how many ?
in this highly stable hierarchy , the pharmacists—and even pharmacist assistants—were assigned status superior to all others in health-related fields such as physicians and acupuncturists . <SEP> what stature ?
at that time , the nbc red network was the principal radio network in the united states and , according to the fcc , rca was using nbc blue to eliminate any hint of competition . <SEP> what radio network ?
governor jennings declare martial law and sent the state militia to maintain order . <SEP> what ?
the largest portion of the huguenots to settle in the cape arrived between 1688 and 1689 in seven ships as part of the organised migration , but quite a few arrived as late as 1700 ; thereafter , the numbers declined and only small groups arrived at a time . <SEP> 
it is possible to use a mechanism based on a pistonless rotary engine such as the wankel engine in place of the cylinders and valve gear of a conventional reciprocating steam engine . <SEP> what parts of a conventional reciprocating steam engine ?
in the past , teachers have been paid relatively low salaries . <SEP> what ?
narrow alleys or 'chares ' , most of which can only be traversed by foot , still exist in abundance , particularly around the riverside . <SEP> what ?
korean economist hoesung lee is the chair of the ipcc since october 8 , 2015 , following the election of the new ipcc bureau . <SEP> who ?
published at a time of rising demand for german-language publications , luther 's version quickly became a popular and influential bible translation . <SEP> what work of luther 's ?
the average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.21. in the city , the population was spread out with 23.9 % under the age of 18 , 10.5 % from 18 to 24 , 28.5 % from 25 to 44 , 26.2 % from 45 to 64 , and 10.9 % who were 65 years of age or older . <SEP> how many of jacksonville 's city residents ?
luther 's hymns were frequently evoked by particular events in his life and the unfolding reformation . <SEP> what ?
harvard 's alumni include eight u.s. presidents , several foreign heads of state , 62 living billionaires , 335 rhodes scholars , and 242 marshall scholars . <SEP> how many us presidents ?
defining the east as a negative vision of itself , as its inferior , not only increased the west ’ s sense of self , but also was a way of ordering the east and making it known to the west so that it could be dominated and controlled . <SEP> 
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house . <SEP> where ?
los angeles itself has many business districts including the downtown los angeles central business district as well as those lining the wilshire boulevard miracle mile including century city , westwood and warner center in the san fernando valley . <SEP> century city ?
muqali , a trusted lieutenant , was given command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty while genghis khan was fighting in central asia , and subutai and jebe were allowed to pursue the great raid into the caucasus and kievan rus ' , an idea they had presented to the khagan on their own initiative . <SEP> who ?
as a consequence of newton 's first law of motion , there exists rotational inertia that ensures that all bodies maintain their angular momentum unless acted upon by an unbalanced torque . <SEP> what ?
according to imf staff economists , " if the income share of the top 20 percent ( the rich ) increases , then gdp growth actually declines over the medium term , suggesting that the benefits do not trickle down . <SEP> what ?
funding for private schools is generally provided through student tuition , endowments , scholarship/voucher funds , and donations and grants from religious organizations or private individuals . <SEP> where ?
if the input size is n , the time taken can be expressed as a function of n. since the time taken on different inputs of the same size can be different , the worst-case time complexity t ( n ) is defined to be the maximum time taken over all inputs of size n. if t ( n ) is a polynomial in n , then the algorithm is said to be a polynomial time algorithm . <SEP> what term ?
four thousand emigrated to the north american colonies , where they settled in new york and virginia , especially . <SEP> how many ?
( the name of the theater refers to a well-known landmark water tower , which is actually in another nearby area ) . <SEP> from what landmark within fresno ?
from the death of augustus in ad 14 until after ad 70 , rome accepted as her germanic frontier the water-boundary of the rhine and upper danube . <SEP> when ?
he assured monks and nuns that they could break their vows without sin , because vows were an illegitimate and vain attempt to win salvation . <SEP> what ?
this is not a problem except for patients on mechanical ventilators , since gas supplied through oxygen masks in medical applications is typically composed of only 30 % –50 % o 2 by volume ( about 30 kpa at standard pressure ) . <SEP> what percentage of oxygen ?
the very first fresno television station to begin broadcasting was kmj-tv , which debuted on june 1 , 1953. kmj is now known as nbc affiliate ksee . <SEP> what ?
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species . <SEP> where ?
newton was limited by denver 's defense , which sacked him seven times and forced him into three turnovers , including a fumble which they recovered for a touchdown . <SEP> how many times ?
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities . <SEP> who ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> who ?
the writers guild of america strike that halted production of network programs for much of the 2007–08 season affected the network in 2007–08 and 2008–09 , as various abc shows that premiered in 2007 , such as dirty sexy money , pushing daisies , eli stone and samantha who ? , did not live to see a third season ; other series such as boston legal and the u.s. version of life on mars suffered from low viewership , despite the former , a spin off of the practice , being a once-highlighted breakout series when it debuted in 2005. one of the network 's strike-replacement programs during that time was the game show duel , which premiered in december 2007. the program would become a minor success for the network during its initial six-episode run , which led abc to renew duel as a regular series starting in april 2008. however , duel suffered from low viewership during its run as a regular series , and abc canceled the program after sixteen episodes . <SEP> what ?
the super bowl 50 halftime show was headlined by the british rock group coldplay with special guest performers beyoncé and bruno mars , who headlined the super bowl xlvii and super bowl xlviii halftime shows , respectively . <SEP> what performer ?
the show globe was also used until the early 20th century . <SEP> what symbol ?
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck . <SEP> who else ?
roussel de bailleul even tried to carve out an independent state in asia minor with support from the local population , but he was stopped by the byzantine general alexius komnenos . <SEP> who ?
this involves publishing default emission factors , which are factors used to derive emissions estimates based on the levels of fuel consumption , industrial production and so on . <SEP> what ?
on may 21 , 2013 , nfl owners at their spring meetings in boston voted and awarded the game to levi 's stadium . <SEP> what year ?
the pharmacist must also monitor for potential drug interactions , adverse drug reactions , and assess patient drug allergies while designing and initiating a drug therapy plan . <SEP> what ?
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com . <SEP> what year ?
according to siad , orientalism allowed europe to establish itself as the superior and the norm , which justified its dominance over the essentialized orient . <SEP> 
the panthers used the san jose state practice facility and stayed at the san jose marriott . <SEP> in what ?
the fire that killed the apollo 1 crew in a launch pad test spread so rapidly because the capsule was pressurized with pure o 2 but at slightly more than atmospheric pressure , instead of the 1⁄3 normal pressure that would be used in a mission . <SEP> who ?
the wojciech bogusławski theatre ( 1922–26 ) , was the best example of " polish monumental theatre " . <SEP> what theatre ?
current faculty include the anthropologist marshall sahlins , historian dipesh chakrabarty , paleontologists neil shubin and paul sereno , evolutionary biologist jerry coyne , nobel prize winning physicist yoichiro nambu , nobel prize winning physicist james cronin , nobel prize winning economists eugene fama , james heckman , lars peter hansen , roger myerson and robert lucas , jr. , freakonomics author and noted economist steven levitt , current governor of india 's central bank raghuram rajan , the 74th united states secretary of the treasury and former goldman sachs chairman and ceo hank paulson , former chairman of president barack obama 's council of economic advisors austan goolsbee , shakespeare scholar david bevington , and renowned political scientists john mearsheimer and robert pape . <SEP> who ?
in against the murderous , thieving hordes of peasants , written on his return to wittenberg , he gave his interpretation of the gospel teaching on wealth , condemned the violence as the devil 's work , and called for the nobles to put down the rebels like mad dogs : <SEP> who ?
the plague disease , caused by yersinia pestis , is enzootic ( commonly present ) in populations of fleas carried by ground rodents , including marmots , in various areas including central asia , kurdistan , western asia , northern india and uganda . <SEP> what ?
spanish moss at a nearby mattress factory was quickly engulfed in flames and enabling the fire to spread rapidly . <SEP> what ?
the most impressive examples of rococo architecture are czapski palace ( 1712–1721 ) , palace of the four winds ( 1730s ) and visitationist church ( façade 1728–1761 ) . <SEP> what type of architecture ?
every may since 1987 , the university of chicago has held the university of chicago scavenger hunt , in which large teams of students compete to obtain notoriously esoteric items from a list . <SEP> in what year ?
the judicial council is the highest court in the denomination . <SEP> what ?
after the death of tugh temür in 1332 and subsequent death of rinchinbal ( emperor ningzong ) the same year , the 13-year-old toghun temür ( emperor huizong ) , the last of the nine successors of kublai khan , was summoned back from guangxi and succeeded to the throne . <SEP> when ?
directly beneath the president are the provost , fourteen vice presidents ( including the chief financial officer , chief investment officer , and dean of students of the university ) , the directors of argonne national laboratory and fermilab , the secretary of the university , and the student ombudsperson . <SEP> how many vice presidents ?
from their original homelands in scandinavia and northern europe , germanic tribes expanded throughout northern and western europe in the middle period of classical antiquity ; southern europe in late antiquity , conquering celtic and other peoples ; and by 800 ce , forming the holy roman empire , the first german empire . <SEP> where ?
this and other experiments on combustion were documented in his book sur la combustion en général , which was published in 1777. in that work , he proved that air is a mixture of two gases ; 'vital air ' , which is essential to combustion and respiration , and azote ( gk . <SEP> in what year ?
at a meeting in albany in december 1755 , he laid out his plans for 1756. in addition to renewing the efforts to capture niagara , crown point and duquesne , he proposed attacks on fort frontenac on the north shore of lake ontario and an expedition through the wilderness of the maine district and down the chaudière river to attack the city of quebec . <SEP> in what meeting ?
in 1973 's the three doctors , william hartnell and patrick troughton returned alongside jon pertwee . <SEP> which episode ?
as a result , abc and disney 's first television collaboration ended in 1961 ( the network would resume its relationship with disney in 1985 , when the anthology series returned to the network for a three-season run as the disney sunday movie until it lost the rights to nbc again in 1988 ; the disney anthology series would return to abc in 1996 , following the company 's purchase of the future capital cities/abc , as the wonderful world of disney ) . <SEP> when ?
the computer science network ( csnet ) was a computer network funded by the u.s. national science foundation ( nsf ) that began operation in 1981. its purpose was to extend networking benefits , for computer science departments at academic and research institutions that could not be directly connected to arpanet , due to funding or authorization limitations . <SEP> what ?
this section is nearly 86 km long , and descends from a height of 599 m to 396 m. it flows through a wide glacial alpine valley known as the rhine valley ( german : rheintal ) . <SEP> what ?
the emperor presented the final draft of the edict of worms on 25 may 1521 , declaring luther an outlaw , banning his literature , and requiring his arrest : " we want him to be apprehended and punished as a notorious heretic . " <SEP> when ?
although the film was successful in the uk ( with 9.1 million viewers ) , it was less so in the united states and did not lead to a series . <SEP> how many ?
although maududi talked about islamic revolution , by " revolution " he meant not the violence or populist policies of the iranian revolution , but the gradual changing the hearts and minds of individuals from the top of society downward through an educational process or da'wah . <SEP> by what method ?
those mhc antigens are recognized by killer cell immunoglobulin receptors ( kir ) which essentially put the brakes on nk cells . <SEP> 
tolui , genghis khan 's youngest son , was not to be his successor because he was the youngest and in the mongol culture , youngest sons were not given much responsibility due to their age . <SEP> which ?
teachers are expected to respect their students ; sarcasm and attempts to humiliate pupils are seen as falling outside of what constitutes reasonable discipline . <SEP> what ?
the way a teacher promotes the course they are teaching , the more the student will get out of the subject matter . <SEP> what ?
some scholars , such as mark u. edwards in his book luther 's last battles : politics and polemics 1531–46 ( 1983 ) , suggest that since luther 's increasingly antisemitic views developed during the years his health deteriorated , it is possible they were at least partly the product of a declining state of mind . <SEP> what about luther ?
in january 1519 , at altenburg in saxony , the papal nuncio karl von miltitz adopted a more conciliatory approach . <SEP> when ?
the rhine-meuse delta , the most important natural region of the netherlands begins near millingen aan de rijn , close to the dutch-german border with the division of the rhine into waal and nederrijn . <SEP> what ?
the sinclair broadcast group is the largest operator of abc stations by numerical total , owning or providing services to 28 abc affiliates and two additional subchannel-only affiliates ; sinclair owns the largest abc subchannel affiliate by market size , wabm-dt2/wdbb-dt2 in the birmingham market , which serve as repeaters of wbma-ld ( the largest low-power " big four " affiliate by market size , which itself is also simulcast on a subchannel of former wbma satellite wgww , owned by sinclair partner company howard stirk holdings ) . <SEP> what ?
the two us navy bases , blount island command and the nearby naval submarine base kings bay form the third largest military presence in the united states . <SEP> how many ?
the population density was 4,097.9 people per square mile ( 1,582.2/km² ) . <SEP> what ?
most species have eight strips , called comb rows , that run the length of their bodies and bear comb-like bands of cilia , called " ctenes , " stacked along the comb rows so that when the cilia beat , those of each comb touch the comb below . <SEP> 
for example , female sex hormones are known immunostimulators of both adaptive and innate immune responses . <SEP> of which immune responses ?
this reduces exposure and protects them from photooxidative damage . <SEP> what ?
one of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in sophocles ' play antigone , in which antigone , one of the daughters of former king of thebes , oedipus , defies creon , the current king of thebes , who is trying to stop her from giving her brother polynices a proper burial . <SEP> what play ?
in 1844 , the general conference of the methodist episcopal church split into two conferences because of tensions over slavery and the power of bishops in the denomination . <SEP> when ?
somewhere around a billion years ago , a free-living cyanobacterium entered an early eukaryotic cell , either as food or as an internal parasite , but managed to escape the phagocytic vacuole it was contained in . <SEP> what kind of cell ?
one of the principal advantages the rankine cycle holds over others is that during the compression stage relatively little work is required to drive the pump , the working fluid being in its liquid phase at this point . <SEP> what state ?
the french population numbered about 75,000 and was heavily concentrated along the st. lawrence river valley , with some also in acadia ( present-day new brunswick and parts of nova scotia , including île royale ( present-day cape breton island ) ) . <SEP> what ?
the alsace on the left banks of the upper rhine was sold to burgundy by archduke sigismund of austria in 1469 and eventually fell to france in the thirty years ' war . <SEP> when ?
he enclosed in his letter a copy of his " disputation of martin luther on the power and efficacy of indulgences " , which came to be known as the ninety-five theses . <SEP> what ?
british english is primarily used in the country . <SEP> where ?
in some groups , such as the flat , bottom-dwelling platyctenids , the juveniles behave more like true larvae , as they live among the plankton and thus occupy a different ecological niche from their parents and attain the adult form by a more radical metamorphosis , after dropping to the sea-floor . <SEP> where ?
the roughly half-mile stretch of kearney boulevard between fresno street and thorne ave was at one time the preferred neighborhood for fresno 's elite african-american families . <SEP> which ?
by this definition , civil disobedience could be traced back to the book of exodus , where shiphrah and puah refused a direct order of pharaoh but misrepresented how they did it . <SEP> what two women ?
the normans settled mostly in an area in the east of ireland , later known as the pale , and also built many fine castles and settlements , including trim castle and dublin castle . <SEP> what country ?
subsequently , californios ( dissatisfied with inequitable taxes and land laws ) and pro-slavery southerners in the lightly populated " cow counties " of southern california attempted three times in the 1850s to achieve a separate statehood or territorial status separate from northern california . <SEP> how many times ?
supplementary sources of european union law include case law by the court of justice , international law and general principles of european union law . <SEP> what ?
chloroplasts ' main role is to conduct photosynthesis , where the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll captures the energy from sunlight and converts it and stores it in the energy-storage molecules atp and nadph while freeing oxygen from water . <SEP> what ?
perhaps the most significant difference between primary school and secondary school teaching is the relationship between teachers and children . <SEP> which type of school ?
a major boost to the collections was the salting bequest made in 1909 , which enriched the museum 's stock of chinese and japanese ceramics . <SEP> which part of the v & a collection ?
cryptophyte chloroplasts contain a nucleomorph that superficially resembles that of the chlorarachniophytes . <SEP> what part of cryptophyte chloroplasts ?
in 1466 , perhaps 40,000 people died of the plague in paris . <SEP> how many people ?
the dutch health authorities regarded the treatment unnecessary , so she argued this restricted the freedom ( of the german health clinic ) to provide services . <SEP> what ?
in england , the period of norman architecture immediately succeeds that of the anglo-saxon and precedes the early gothic . <SEP> what architecture type ?
as opposed to broadcasts of primetime series , cbs broadcast special episodes of its late night talk shows as its lead-out programs for super bowl 50 , beginning with a special episode of the late show with stephen colbert following the game . <SEP> what ?
although a patent-sharing agreement was signed between the two companies in 1896 westinghouse was still cash-strapped from the financial warfare . <SEP> when ?
for many years , sudan had an islamist regime under the leadership of hassan al-turabi . <SEP> who ?
during the protestant reformation , lefevre , a professor at the university of paris , published his french translation of the new testament in 1523 , followed by the whole bible in the french language in 1530. william farel was a student of lefevre who went on to become a leader of the swiss reformation , establishing a protestant government in geneva . <SEP> what leader of the swiss reformation ?
members of the cydippid genus pleurobrachia and the lobate bolinopsis often reach high population densities at the same place and time because they specialize in different types of prey : pleurobrachia 's long tentacles mainly capture relatively strong swimmers such as adult copepods , while bolinopsis generally feeds on smaller , weaker swimmers such as rotifers and mollusc and crustacean larvae . <SEP> what ?
the 1960s would be marked by the rise of family-oriented series in an attempt by abc to counterprogram its established competitors , but the decade was also marked by the network 's gradual transition to color . <SEP> when ?
its growth was reversed by the loss of the american colonies in 1776. britain made compensating gains in india , australia , and in constructing an informal economic empire through control of trade and finance in latin america after the independence of spanish and portuguese colonies about 1820. by the 1840s , britain had adopted a highly successful policy of free trade that gave it dominance in the trade of much of the world . <SEP> when ?
many of tesla 's writings are freely available on the web , including the article " the problem of increasing human energy , " published in the century magazine in 1900 , and the article " experiments with alternate currents of high potential and high frequency , " published in his book inventions , researches and writings of nikola tesla . <SEP> what ?
however , the development of suburbs and a subsequent wave of middle class " white flight " left jacksonville with a much poorer population than before . <SEP> what term ?
in humans , the blood–brain barrier , blood–cerebrospinal fluid barrier , and similar fluid–brain barriers separate the peripheral immune system from the neuroimmune system which protects the brain . <SEP> what ?
a further type of committee is normally set up to scrutinise private bills submitted to the scottish parliament by an outside party or promoter who is not a member of the scottish parliament or scottish government . <SEP> who ?
the statement , also published as an editorial in the journal science , stated " we support the [ tar 's ] conclusion that it is at least 90 % certain that temperatures will continue to rise , with average global surface temperature projected to increase by between 1.4 and 5.8 °c above 1990 levels by 2100 " . <SEP> how much ?
one class of non-self molecules are called antigens ( short for antibody generators ) and are defined as substances that bind to specific immune receptors and elicit an immune response . <SEP> what term ?
first , if a directive 's deadline for implementation is not met , the member state can not enforce conflicting laws , and a citizen may rely on the directive in such an action ( so called " vertical " direct effect ) . <SEP> what ?
as this was the 50th super bowl , the league emphasized the " golden anniversary " with various gold-themed initiatives , as well as temporarily suspending the tradition of naming each super bowl game with roman numerals ( under which the game would have been known as " super bowl l " ) , so that the logo could prominently feature the arabic numerals 50 . <SEP> what color ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> what ?
the biodiversity of plant species is the highest on earth with one 2001 study finding a quarter square kilometer ( 62 acres ) of ecuadorian rainforest supports more than 1,100 tree species . <SEP> how many kilometers of acres of the ecuadorian rainforest ?
whilst this is the consensus viewpoint amongst the majority of academics , some teachers and parents advocate a more assertive and confrontational style of discipline . <SEP> what type of discipline ?
this means that forces follow a different set of mathematical rules than physical quantities that do not have direction ( denoted scalar quantities ) . <SEP> what physical quantities ?
its main component is a statocyst , a balance sensor consisting of a statolith , a solid particle supported on four bundles of cilia , called " balancers " , that sense its orientation . <SEP> what ?
this deliberate induction of an immune response is successful because it exploits the natural specificity of the immune system , as well as its inducibility . <SEP> 
plants have two main immune responses—the hypersensitive response , in which infected cells seal themselves off and undergo programmed cell death , and systemic acquired resistance , where infected cells release signals warning the rest of the plant of a pathogen 's presence . <SEP> how many major immune responses ?
mazda , mitsubishi and isuzu had joint partnerships with ford , chrysler , and gm , respectively . <SEP> 
möngke khan commenced a military campaign against the chinese song dynasty in southern china . <SEP> where ?
the plan was , at least provisionally approved by then superintendent of new york city schools , william h. maxwell . <SEP> what ?
" official " reconstructions have also been released by the bbc on vhs , on mp3 cd-rom , and as special features on dvd . <SEP> who ?
in contract with ) the property owner . <SEP> by who ?
according to daniel goldhagen , bishop martin sasse , a leading protestant churchman , published a compendium of luther 's writings shortly after kristallnacht , for which diarmaid macculloch , professor of the history of the church in the university of oxford argued that luther 's writing was a " blueprint . " <SEP> who ?
the result is unstable six-carbon molecules that immediately break down into three-carbon molecules called 3-phosphoglyceric acid , or 3-pga . <SEP> what ?
by autumn 1347 , the plague reached alexandria in egypt , probably through the port 's trade with constantinople , and ports on the black sea . <SEP> when ?
in 1972 , richard karp took this idea a leap forward with his landmark paper , " reducibility among combinatorial problems " , in which he showed that 21 diverse combinatorial and graph theoretical problems , each infamous for its computational intractability , are np-complete . <SEP> what ?
started by telecom australia in the early 1980s , austpac was australia 's first public packet-switched data network , supporting applications such as on-line betting , financial applications — the australian tax office made use of austpac — and remote terminal access to academic institutions , who maintained their connections to austpac up until the mid-late 1990s in some cases . <SEP> what ?
in 1891 scottish chemist james dewar was able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study . <SEP> what chemist ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> where ?
according to work by barro in 1999 and 2000 , high levels of inequality reduce growth in relatively poor countries but encourage growth in richer countries . <SEP> what ?
in this perspective , wages and profits are determined by the marginal value added of each economic actor ( worker , capitalist/business owner , landlord ) . <SEP> what ?
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) . <SEP> which carolina panthers player ?
baran developed the concept of distributed adaptive message block switching during his research at the rand corporation for the us air force into survivable communications networks , first presented to the air force in the summer of 1961 as briefing b-265 , later published as rand report p-2626 in 1962 , and finally in report rm 3420 in 1964. report p-2626 described a general architecture for a large-scale , distributed , survivable communications network . <SEP> what ?
without the pressure reaching supercritical levels for the working fluid , the temperature range the cycle can operate over is quite small ; in steam turbines , turbine entry temperatures are typically 565 °c ( the creep limit of stainless steel ) and condenser temperatures are around 30 °c . <SEP> what ?
the show has received recognition as one of britain 's finest television programmes , winning the 2006 british academy television award for best drama series and five consecutive ( 2005–2010 ) awards at the national television awards during russell t davies ' tenure as executive producer . <SEP> what years ?
starting in 1894 , tesla began investigating what he referred to as radiant energy of " invisible " kinds after he had noticed damaged film in his laboratory in previous experiments ( later identified as " roentgen rays " or " x-rays " ) . <SEP> why ?
economist thomas piketty challenges this notion , claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and " violent economic and political shocks " reduced inequality . <SEP> who ?
on october 19 , 2005 , abc announced the restructuring of the group into six divisions : entertainment communications , communications resources , kids communications , news communications , corporate communications , and international communications . <SEP> when ?
luther sympathised with some of the peasants ' grievances , as he showed in his response to the twelve articles in may 1525 , but he reminded the aggrieved to obey the temporal authorities . <SEP> who ?
however , its dominance has been eroded by wrangles within the now defunct kenya football federation , leading to a suspension by fifa which was lifted in march 2007 . <SEP> when ?
the earliest glassware on display comes from ancient egypt and continues through the ancient roman , medieval , renaissance covering areas such as venetian glass and bohemian glass and more recent periods , including art nouveau glass by louis comfort tiffany and émile gallé , the art deco style is represented by several examples by rené lalique . <SEP> where ?
lagerlof and galor stated that gender inequality in education can result to low economic growth , and continued gender inequality in education , thus creating a poverty trap . <SEP> what ?
the restored video , remaining in black and white , contains conservative digital enhancements and did not include sound quality improvements . <SEP> 
bskyb launched its hdtv service , sky+ hd , on 22 may 2006. prior to its launch , bskyb claimed that 40,000 people had registered to receive the hd service . <SEP> when ?
as a result , private schools in new zealand are now largely restricted to the largest cities ( auckland , hamilton , wellington and christchurch ) and niche markets . <SEP> what city ?
leonard hubert hoffmann writes , " in deciding whether or not to impose punishment , the most important consideration would be whether it would do more harm than good . <SEP> what ?
huguenot numbers peaked near an estimated two million by 1562 , concentrated mainly in the southern and central parts of france , about one-eighth the number of french catholics . <SEP> what ?
the waxy cuticle of many leaves , the exoskeleton of insects , the shells and membranes of externally deposited eggs , and skin are examples of mechanical barriers that are the first line of defense against infection . <SEP> what ?
other notable structures include the 37-story wells fargo center ( with its distinctive flared base making it the defining building in the jacksonville skyline ) , originally built in 1972-74 by the independent life and accident insurance company , and the 28 floor riverplace tower which , when completed in 1967 , was the tallest precast , post-tensioned concrete structure in the world . <SEP> what ?
luther states that everything that is used to work sorrow over sin is called the law , even if it is christ 's life , christ 's death for sin , or god 's goodness experienced in creation . <SEP> what ?
the variant forms of the name of the rhine in modern languages are all derived from the gaulish name rēnos , which was adapted in roman-era geography ( 1st century bc ) as greek ῥῆνος ( rhēnos ) , latin rhenus . <SEP> what century ?
many known complexity classes are suspected to be unequal , but this has not been proved . <SEP> what ?
one ctenophore , mnemiopsis , has accidentally been introduced into the black sea , where it is blamed for causing fish stocks to collapse by eating both fish larvae and organisms that would otherwise have fed the fish . <SEP> what ctenophore ?
for instance , the language { xx | x is any binary string } can be solved in linear time on a multi-tape turing machine , but necessarily requires quadratic time in the model of single-tape turing machines . <SEP> 
a series of religious conflicts followed , known as the wars of religion , fought intermittently from 1562 to 1598. the wars finally ended with the granting of the edict of nantes , which granted the huguenots substantial religious , political and military autonomy . <SEP> when ?
[ citation needed ] his lab was torn down in 1904 , and its contents were sold two years later to satisfy a debt . <SEP> what ?
depending on the value of the spin , identical particles split into two different classes , fermions and bosons . <SEP> what value ?
the bakersfield-stockton mainlines of the burlington northern santa fe railway and union pacific railroad railroads cross in fresno , and both railroads maintain railyards within the city ; the san joaquin valley railroad also operates former southern pacific branchlines heading west and south out of the city . <SEP> which railroad ?
hearst television also reached a deal to offer streams of its abc affiliates ( including stations in boston , kansas city , milwaukee and west palm beach ) on the service . <SEP> what company ?
steam engines can be said to have been the moving force behind the industrial revolution and saw widespread commercial use driving machinery in factories , mills and mines ; powering pumping stations ; and propelling transport appliances such as railway locomotives , ships , steamboats and road vehicles . <SEP> what ?
other : civil rights leader w. e. b. du bois ; philosopher henry david thoreau ; authors ralph waldo emerson and william s. burroughs ; educators werner baer , harlan hanson ; poets wallace stevens , t. s. eliot and e. e. cummings ; conductor leonard bernstein ; cellist yo yo ma ; pianist and composer charlie albright ; composer john alden carpenter ; comedian , television show host and writer conan o'brien ; actors tatyana ali , nestor carbonell , matt damon , fred gwynne , hill harper , rashida jones , tommy lee jones , ashley judd , jack lemmon , natalie portman , mira sorvino , elisabeth shue , and scottie thompson ; film directors darren aronofsky , terrence malick , mira nair , and whit stillman ; architect philip johnson ; musicians rivers cuomo , tom morello , and gram parsons ; musician , producer and composer ryan leslie ; serial killer ted kaczynski ; programmer and activist richard stallman ; nfl quarterback ryan fitzpatrick ; nfl center matt birk ; nba player jeremy lin ; us ski team skier ryan max riley ; physician sachin h. jain ; physicist j. robert oppenheimer ; computer pioneer and inventor an wang ; tibetologist george de roerich ; and marshall admiral isoroku yamamoto . <SEP> what ?
in a report , published in early february 2007 by the ear institute at the university college london , and widex , a danish hearing aid manufacturer , newcastle was named as the noisiest city in the whole of the uk , with an average level of 80.4 decibels . <SEP> what ?
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down . <SEP> what ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> when ?
an example is hiv , which mutates rapidly , so the proteins on its viral envelope that are essential for entry into its host target cell are constantly changing . <SEP> what ?
after several battles , jamukha was finally turned over to temüjin by his own men in 1206 . <SEP> what year ?
the armed struggle , planned to last 48 hours , was partially successful , however it went on for 63 days . <SEP> how many days ?
michael oppenheimer , a long-time participant in the ipcc and coordinating lead author of the fifth assessment report conceded in science magazine 's state of the planet 2008-2009 some limitations of the ipcc consensus approach and asks for concurring , smaller assessments of special problems instead of the large scale approach as in the previous ipcc assessment reports . <SEP> who ?
on december 7 , 1965 , goldenson announced a merger proposal with itt to abc management ; the two companies agreed to the deal on april 27 , 1966. the fcc approved the merger on december 21 , 1966 ; however , the previous day ( december 20 ) , donald f. turner , head antitrust regulator for the united states department of justice , expressed doubts related to such issues as the emerging cable television market , and concerns over the journalistic integrity of abc and how it could be influenced by the overseas ownership of itt . <SEP> 
much of the city 's tax base dissipated , leading to problems with funding education , sanitation , and traffic control within the city limits . <SEP> what ?
european union law is a body of treaties and legislation , such as regulations and directives , which have direct effect or indirect effect on the laws of european union member states . <SEP> what ?
in 1893 , george westinghouse won the bid to light the 1893 world 's columbian exposition in chicago with alternating current , beating out a general electric bid by one million dollars . <SEP> in what year ?
the old four-note theme tune is still used by abc on demand to the beginning of the abc show . <SEP> where ?
tymnet was an international data communications network headquartered in san jose , ca that utilized virtual call packet switched technology and used x.25 , sna/sdlc , bsc and ascii interfaces to connect host computers ( servers ) at thousands of large companies , educational institutions , and government agencies . <SEP> what ?
an architect normally manages the job , and a construction manager , design engineer , construction engineer or project manager supervises it . <SEP> who ?
roughly contemporaneous with maududi was the founding of the muslim brotherhood in ismailiyah , egypt in 1928 by hassan al banna . <SEP> when ?
preachers such as zwickau prophet nicholas storch and thomas müntzer helped instigate the german peasants ' war of 1524–25 , during which many atrocities were committed , often in luther 's name . <SEP> what event ?
in modern times , some activists who commit civil disobedience as a group collectively refuse to sign bail until certain demands are met , such as favorable bail conditions , or the release of all the activists . <SEP> what ?
fermat also conjectured that all numbers of the form 22n + 1 are prime ( they are called fermat numbers ) and he verified this up to n = 4 ( or 216 + 1 ) . <SEP> of what form ?
the national science foundation network ( nsfnet ) was a program of coordinated , evolving projects sponsored by the national science foundation ( nsf ) beginning in 1985 to promote advanced research and education networking in the united states . <SEP> what ?
in some mass arrest situations , the activists decide to use solidarity tactics to secure the same plea bargain for everyone . <SEP> when ?
he was baptized as a catholic the next morning on the feast day of st. martin of tours . <SEP> into what religion ?
tesla died on 7 january 1943. his work fell into relative obscurity after his death , but in 1960 the general conference on weights and measures named the si unit of magnetic flux density the tesla in his honor . <SEP> what ?
on 17 april 1879 , milutin tesla died at the age of 60 after contracting an unspecified illness ( although some sources say that he died of a stroke ) . <SEP> what ?
in 2005 , there were about 8 million members in over 34,000 congregations . <SEP> approximately how many ?
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game . <SEP> how many times ?
the royal geographical society of london and other geographical societies in europe had great influence and were able to fund travelers who would come back with tales of their discoveries . <SEP> 
in 1501 , at the age of 19 , he entered the university of erfurt , which he later described as a beerhouse and whorehouse . <SEP> how ?
a 16-yard reception by devin funchess and a 12-yard run by stewart then set up gano 's 39-yard field goal , cutting the panthers deficit to one score at 16–10 . <SEP> who ?
a well known civil rights attorney , francis heisler , had volunteered to defend the arrested persons , advising them to plead " nolo contendere " , as an alternative to pleading either guilty or not-guilty . <SEP> how ?
on march 17 , 1752 , the governor-general of new france , marquis de la jonquière , died and was temporarily replaced by charles le moyne de longueuil . <SEP> what governor in charge of new france ?
he completed the 1752 treaty of logstown in which the local indians , through their " half-king " tanacharison and an iroquois representative , agreed to terms that included permission to build a " strong house " at the mouth of the monongahela river ( the site of present-day pittsburgh , pennsylvania ) . <SEP> what agreement ?
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney . <SEP> what ?
on july 23 , 1963 , webb announced mueller 's appointment as deputy associate administrator for manned space flight , to replace then associate administrator d. brainerd holmes on his retirement effective september 1. under webb 's reorganization , the directors of the manned spacecraft center ( gilruth ) marshall space flight center ( von braun ) and the launch operations center ( debus ) effectively reported to mueller . <SEP> to who ?
the astronauts were asphyxiated before the hatch could be opened . <SEP> what ?
despite the high position given to muslims , some policies of the yuan emperors severely discriminated against them , restricting halal slaughter and other islamic practices like circumcision , as well as kosher butchering for jews , forcing them to eat food the mongol way . <SEP> what yuan policies ?
in the 19th century , shipbuilding and heavy engineering were central to the city 's prosperity ; and the city was a powerhouse of the industrial revolution . <SEP> what ?
the main driving factor of the oxygen cycle is photosynthesis , which is responsible for modern earth 's atmosphere . <SEP> what process ?
organizational interventions , like changing teachers ' schedules , providing support networks and mentoring , changing the work environment , and offering promotions and bonuses , may be effective in helping to reduce occupational stress among teachers . <SEP> what type of intervention would changing the work environment ?
this yields both the tangential force , which accelerates the object by either slowing it down or speeding it up , and the radial ( centripetal ) force , which changes its direction . <SEP> what force ?
jamukha refused the offer of friendship and reunion , saying that there can only be one sun in the sky , and he asked for a noble death . <SEP> what ?
some scholars see luther 's influence as limited , and the nazis ' use of his work as opportunistic . <SEP> how ?
since the quaternary is a very short period with short epochs , it is further expanded in the fourth scale . <SEP> which timeline ?
the principal role of committees in the scottish parliament is to take evidence from witnesses , conduct inquiries and scrutinise legislation . <SEP> what ?
euglenophytes are a group of common flagellated protists that contain chloroplasts derived from a green alga . <SEP> what kind of chloroplasts ?
computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty , and relating those classes to each other . <SEP> what branch of theoretical computer science deals ?
tesla considered the winter of 1886/1887 as a time of " terrible headaches and bitter tears . " <SEP> which years ?
the conflict , pitting indigenous impoverished muslims ( mujahideen ) against an anti-religious superpower , galvanized thousands of muslims around the world to send aid and sometimes to go themselves to fight for their faith . <SEP> what ?
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney . <SEP> where ?
the dfds ferry service to gothenburg , sweden , ceased at the end of october 2006 – the company cited high fuel prices and new competition from low-cost air services as the cause – and their service to bergen and stavanger , norway was terminated late 2008. since summer 2007 , thomson cruise lines have included newcastle as a departure port on its norwegian and fjords cruise . <SEP> when ?
however , the harmonic series 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 + 1/4 + ... diverges ( i.e. , exceeds any given number ) , so there must be infinitely many primes . <SEP> what ?
the conference was held at the lovely lane methodist church , considered the mother church of american methodism . <SEP> where ?
fresno is served by state route 99 , the main north/south freeway that connects the major population centers of the california central valley . <SEP> what route ?
in mawdryn undead ( 1983 ) , the fifth doctor explicitly confirmed that he was then currently in his fifth incarnation . <SEP> in what episode ?
this is in front of the bronze doors leading to the refreshment rooms , a central path flanked by lawns leads to the sculpture gallery ; the north , east and west sides have herbaceous borders along the museum walls with paths in front which continues along the south façade ; in the two corners by the north façade there is planted an american sweetgum tree ; the southern , eastern and western edges of the lawns have glass planters which contain orange and lemon trees in summer , these are replaced by bay trees in winter . <SEP> which tree species ?
also part of the library is the aforementioned selznick library , the cinerama productions/palomar theatrical library and the selmur productions catalog that the network acquired some years back , and the in-house productions it continues to produce ( such as america 's funniest home videos , general hospital , and abc news productions ) , although disney–abc domestic television ( formerly known as buena vista television ) handles domestic television distribution , while disney–abc international television ( formerly known as buena vista international television ) handles international television distribution . <SEP> what abc division ?
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped . <SEP> in what year ?
the annual nfl experience was held at the moscone center in san francisco . <SEP> in what venue ?
in hinduism the spiritual teacher is known as a guru , and , in many traditions of hinduism - especially those common in the west - the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high , with gurus often exercising a great deal of control over the lives of their disciples . <SEP> 
in effect , after the lisbon treaty , the charter and the convention now co-exist under european union law , though the former is enforced by the european court of justice in relation to european union measures , and the latter by the european court of human rights in relation to measures by member states . <SEP> 
one of the more unusual collections is that of eadweard muybridge 's photographs of animal locomotion of 1887 , this consists of 781 plates . <SEP> who ?
[ note 6 ] in 1978 a disco version of the theme was released in the uk , denmark and australia by the group mankind , which reached number 24 in the uk charts . <SEP> how high on the charts ?
along the same lines , co-np is the class containing the complement problems ( i.e . <SEP> in what ?
in an analysis of the effects of intensive anglo-american liberal policies in comparison to continental european liberalism , where unions have remained strong , they concluded " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration . <SEP> under which policy ?
in 1628 the huguenots established a congregation as l'église française à la nouvelle-amsterdam ( the french church in new amsterdam ) . <SEP> what ?
his words , through divine mercy , are bringing back every day misguided people into the way of the truth . " <SEP> what type of people ?
chrysler ended production of their full-sized luxury sedans at the end of the 1981 model year , moving instead to a full front-wheel drive lineup for 1982 ( except for the m-body dodge diplomat/plymouth gran fury and chrysler new yorker fifth avenue sedans ) . <SEP> by which year ?
hobson theorized that state intervention through taxation could boost broader consumption , create wealth , and encourage a peaceful , tolerant , multipolar world order . <SEP> how ?
the broncos last wore matching white jerseys and pants in the super bowl in super bowl xxxiii , elway 's last game as denver qb , when they defeated the atlanta falcons 34–19 . <SEP> what team ?
to catch up , abc followed up the flintstones with another animated series from hanna-barbera , the jetsons , which debuted on september 23 , 1962 as the first television series to be broadcast in color on the network . <SEP> what ?
the bakersfield-stockton mainlines of the burlington northern santa fe railway and union pacific railroad railroads cross in fresno , and both railroads maintain railyards within the city ; the san joaquin valley railroad also operates former southern pacific branchlines heading west and south out of the city . <SEP> what two railroads ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> which louisiana venue ?
a spark in the teacher may create a spark of excitement in the student as well . <SEP> where ?
in recent decades , reciprocating diesel engines , and gas turbines , have almost entirely supplanted steam propulsion for marine applications . <SEP> along with diesel engines , what engines ?
the panthers finished the regular season with a 15–1 record , and quarterback cam newton was named the nfl most valuable player ( mvp ) . <SEP> who ?
the spanish inventor jerónimo de ayanz y beaumont obtained the first patent for a steam engine in 1606. in 1698 thomas savery patented a steam pump that used steam in direct contact with the water being pumped . <SEP> what ?
their defeat by the swabian league at the battle of frankenhausen on 15 may 1525 , followed by müntzer 's execution , brought the revolutionary stage of the reformation to a close . <SEP> when ?
the taliban were spawned by the thousands of madrasahs the deobandi movement established for impoverished afghan refugees and supported by governmental and religious groups in neighboring pakistan . <SEP> 
in southern italy , the normans incorporated elements of islamic , lombard , and byzantine building techniques into their own , initiating a unique style known as norman-arab architecture within the kingdom of sicily . <SEP> what place ?
the network was also propelled during the early 1980s by the continued successes of happy days , three 's company , laverne & shirley and fantasy island , and gained new hits in too close for comfort , soap spinoff benson and happy days spinoff mork & mindy . <SEP> what ?
to help reduce consumption , in 1974 a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph ( about 88 km/h ) was imposed through the emergency highway energy conservation act . <SEP> what ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> what ?
victoria 's total gross state product ( gsp ) is ranked second in australia , although victoria is ranked fourth in terms of gsp per capita because of its limited mining activity . <SEP> at what ?
the network is headquartered on columbus avenue and west 66th street in manhattan , with additional major offices and production facilities in new york city , los angeles and burbank , california . <SEP> on what ?
rodin is represented by more than 20 works in the museum collection , making it one of the largest collections of the sculptor 's work outside france ; these were given to the museum by the sculptor in 1914 , as acknowledgement of britain 's support of france in world war i , although the statue of st john the baptist had been purchased in 1902 by public subscription . <SEP> in which year ?
a professional fundraiser will aid in finding business sponsors and individual donors , but still may need the city council to help fund the event . <SEP> who ?
in 1972 , the new rules resulted in the company 's decision to split abc films into two separate companies : the existing worldvision enterprises , which would produce and distribute programming for u.s. syndication , and abc circle films as a production unit . <SEP> which new subdivision of abc films ?
in response , teachers may concentrate their attention on motivated students , ignoring attention-seeking and disruptive students . <SEP> who ?
their style was characterised by rounded arches , particularly over windows and doorways , and massive proportions . <SEP> what kind of arches ?
before the freeze ended in 1952 , there were only 108 existing television stations in the united states ; a few major cities ( such as boston ) had only two television stations , many other cities ( such as pittsburgh and st. louis ) had only one , and still many others ( such as denver and portland ) did not yet have any television service . <SEP> how many stations ?
within a few months , the budapest telephone exchange became functional and tesla was allocated the chief electrician position . <SEP> which company ?
this resulted in one main case , commission v edith cresson where the european court of justice held that a commissioner giving her dentist a job , for which he was clearly unqualified , did in fact not break any law . <SEP> which main case ?
newcastle international airport is located approximately 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) from the city centre on the northern outskirts of the city near ponteland and is the larger of the two main airports serving the north east . <SEP> how far ?
furthermore , the yuan is sometimes known as the " empire of the great khan " or " khanate of the great khan " , which particularly appeared on some yuan maps , since yuan emperors held the nominal title of great khan . <SEP> what nominal title ?
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose . <SEP> what ?
bedau also notes , though , that the very harmlessness of such entirely symbolic illegal protests toward public policy goals may serve a propaganda purpose . <SEP> that ?
after malaysia 's independence in 1957 , the government instructed all schools to surrender their properties and be assimilated into the national school system . <SEP> what ?
the eye crossed st. augustine with winds that had just barely diminished to 110 mph ( 180 km/h ) , making it a strong category 2 on the saffir-simpson scale . <SEP> how fast ?
the event was held on february 1 , 2016 at sap center in san jose . <SEP> what date ?
on 17 december 1941 , seven protestant regional church confederations issued a statement agreeing with the policy of forcing jews to wear the yellow badge , " since after his bitter experience luther had already suggested preventive measures against the jews and their expulsion from german territory . " <SEP> who ?
black 's law dictionary includes non-violence in its definition of civil disobedience . <SEP> what behavior ?
:33 however , toward the end of his life , he told a reporter , " sometimes i feel that by not marrying , i made too great a sacrifice to my work ... " there have been numerous accounts of women vying for tesla 's affection , even some madly in love with him . <SEP> when ?
since 1990 the president of warsaw had been elected by the city council . <SEP> who ?
it has been argued that , while both civil disobedience and civil rebellion are justified by appeal to constitutional defects , rebellion is much more destructive ; therefore , the defects justifying rebellion must be much more serious than those justifying disobedience , and if one can not justify civil rebellion , then one can not justify a civil disobedients ' use of force and violence and refusal to submit to arrest . <SEP> what ?
likewise each deacon in full connection is a member of their annual conference order of deacons . <SEP> each deacon in full connection ?
the acquisition of a feasible ac motor gave westinghouse a key patent in building a completely integrated ac system , but the financial strain of buying up patents and hiring the engineers needed to build it meant development of tesla 's motor had to be put on hold for a while . <SEP> what ?
construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries . <SEP> what percentile of gross domestic product ?
the dominant economic sectors in the middle rhine area are viniculture and tourism . <SEP> what ?
there is also a growing number of new forms of procurement that involve relationship contracting where the emphasis is on a co-operative relationship between the principal and contractor and other stakeholders within a construction project . <SEP> what ?
luther and his colleagues introduced the new order of worship during their visitation of the electorate of saxony , which began in 1527. they also assessed the standard of pastoral care and christian education in the territory . <SEP> what ?
before the actual research explicitly devoted to the complexity of algorithmic problems started off , numerous foundations were laid out by various researchers . <SEP> what tactic ?
according to geoffrey parker , " france alone lost almost a million people to the plague in the epidemic of 1628–31 . " <SEP> how many french people ?
chinese printing technology was transferred to the mongols through kingdom of qocho and tibetan intermediaries . <SEP> how ?
sometimes the prosecution proposes a plea bargain to civil disobedients , as in the case of the camden 28 , in which the defendants were offered an opportunity to plead guilty to one misdemeanor count and receive no jail time . <SEP> what type of punishment ?
breakfast is usually tea or porridge with bread , chapati , mahamri , boiled sweet potatoes or yams . <SEP> what ?
the sexual ethics task force of the united methodist church states that " research shows it [ pornography ] is not an 'innocent activity . ' <SEP> which task ?
in the years after these rumors , neither tesla nor edison won the prize ( although edison did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1915 and tesla did receive one of 38 possible bids in 1937 ) . <SEP> how many possible bids for the prize ?
despite being relatively unaffected by the embargo , the uk nonetheless faced an oil crisis of its own - a series of strikes by coal miners and railroad workers over the winter of 1973–74 became a major factor in the change of government . <SEP> which country ?
oxygen is present in the atmosphere in trace quantities in the form of carbon dioxide ( co 2 ) . <SEP> in what compound ?
as sea-level continued to rise in the netherlands , the formation of the holocene rhine-meuse delta began ( ~8,000 years ago ) . <SEP> when ?
the rhine-meuse delta is a tidal delta , shaped not only by the sedimentation of the rivers , but also by tidal currents . <SEP> what type of delta ?
the only jewish synagogue in the country is located in the capital , nairobi . <SEP> where ?
the logo also deviates from the template by featuring large numerals , colored in gold , behind the vince lombardi trophy , instead of underneath and in silver as in the standard logo . <SEP> who ?
in the first major case in 1964 , costa v enel , a milanese lawyer , and former shareholder of an energy company , named mr costa refused to pay his electricity bill to enel , as a protest against the nationalisation of the italian energy corporations . <SEP> when ?
the original physical campus was financed by donations from wealthy chicagoans like silas b. cobb who provided the funds for the campus ' first building , cobb lecture hall , and matched marshall field 's pledge of $ 100,000 . <SEP> how much ?
in honor of the 50th super bowl , the pregame ceremony featured the on-field introduction of 39 of the 43 previous super bowl most valuable players . <SEP> how many of the prior super bowl mvps ?
but with 11 seconds left , newton was sacked by demarcus ware as time expired in the half . <SEP> who ?
in 1873 , tesla returned to his birthtown , smiljan . <SEP> what ?
millionaire ended its run on the network 's primetime lineup after three years in 2002 , with buena vista television relaunching the show as a syndicated program ( under that incarnation 's original host meredith vieira ) in september of that year . <SEP> what company ?
robert lawrence argues that technological innovation and automation has meant that low-skilled jobs have been replaced by machine labor in wealthier nations , and that wealthier countries no longer have significant numbers of low-skilled manufacturing workers that could be affected by competition from poor countries . <SEP> what ?
the expedition was a disaster . <SEP> how much success ?
new york city o & o wabc-tv and philadelphia o & o wpvi-tv were the first stations to offer streams of their programming on the service ( with a free preview for non-subscribers through june 2013 ) , with the six remaining abc o & os offering streams by the start of the 2013–14 season . <SEP> what ?
the city 's most populous ethnic group , non-hispanic white , declined from 75.8 % in 1970 to 55.1 % by 2010 . <SEP> what ?
however , this practice has been criticized as potentially dangerous , especially by those who feel that only doctors can reliably assess contraindications , risk/benefit ratios , and an individual 's overall suitability for use of a medication . <SEP> who ?
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters . <SEP> who ?
the " huguenot street historic district " in new paltz has been designated a national historic landmark site and contains the oldest street in the united states of america . <SEP> what ?
at the time of its formation , the umc had about 11 million members in nearly 42,000 congregations . <SEP> how many congregations ?
primarily because rules and regulations are made by the community as a whole , thence the school atmosphere is one of persuasion and negotiation , rather than confrontation since there is no one to confront . <SEP> what ?
davies is credited with coining the modern name packet switching and inspiring numerous packet switching networks in europe in the decade following , including the incorporation of the concept in the early arpanet in the united states . <SEP> who ?
often the place that did this was called an apothecary and several languages have this as the dominant term , though their practices are more akin to a modern pharmacy , in english the term apothecary would today be seen as outdated or only approproriate if herbal remedies were on offer to a large extent . <SEP> how ?
salaries for nursery , primary and secondary school teachers ranged from £20,133 to £41,004 in september 2007 , although some salaries can go much higher depending on experience and extra responsibilities . <SEP> what ?
two fundamental differences involved the division of functions and tasks between the hosts at the edge of the network and the network core . <SEP> 
william pitt came to power and significantly increased british military resources in the colonies at a time when france was unwilling to risk large convoys to aid the limited forces it had in new france . <SEP> how much resources ?
writers whose papers are in the library are as diverse as charles dickens and beatrix potter . <SEP> which ?
nation 's script became the second doctor who serial – the daleks ( a.k.a . the mutants ) . <SEP> what creatures ?
the war in north america officially ended with the signing of the treaty of paris on 10 february 1763 , and war in the european theatre of the seven years ' war was settled by the treaty of hubertusburg on 15 february 1763. the british offered france the choice of surrendering either its continental north american possessions east of the mississippi or the caribbean islands of guadeloupe and martinique , which had been occupied by the british . <SEP> when ?
one of the best examples of this architecture are krasiński palace ( 1677–1683 ) , wilanów palace ( 1677–1696 ) and st. kazimierz church ( 1688–1692 ) . <SEP> when ?
this hypothesis is called the cobham–edmonds thesis . <SEP> what hypothesis ?
the university operates 12 research institutes and 113 research centers on campus . <SEP> how many research institutes ?
the mongol empire practiced religious tolerance because mongol tradition had long held that religion was a personal concept , and not subject to law or interference . <SEP> how ?
prince louis de condé , along with his sons daniel and osias , [ citation needed ] arranged with count ludwig von nassau-saarbrücken to establish a huguenot community in present-day saarland in 1604. the count supported mercantilism and welcomed technically skilled immigrants into his lands , regardless of their religion . <SEP> which count ?
a highlight of the collection is the four devonshire hunting tapestries , very rare 15th-century tapestries , woven in the netherlands , depicting the hunting of various animals ; not just their age but their size make these unique . <SEP> what ?
many questions regarding prime numbers remain open , such as goldbach 's conjecture ( that every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes ) , and the twin prime conjecture ( that there are infinitely many pairs of primes whose difference is 2 ) . <SEP> what ?
cobham 's thesis says that a problem can be solved with a feasible amount of resources if it admits a polynomial time algorithm . <SEP> whose thesis states ?
the earliest known movie featuring some exterior scenes filmed in the city is on the night of the fire ( 1939 ) , though by and large the action is studio-bound . <SEP> what ?
for luther , reason could be used to question men and institutions , but not god . <SEP> what ?
it allegedly attempted and failed such coups in 1968 and 1969 in jordan , and in 1974 in egypt , and is now banned in both countries . <SEP> where ?
like the lombardi trophy , the " 50 " will be designed by tiffany & co . <SEP> who ?
the broncos defeated the pittsburgh steelers in the divisional round , 23–16 , by scoring 11 points in the final three minutes of the game . <SEP> who ?
prevenient grace , or the grace that " goes before " us , is given to all people . <SEP> what ?
in all , 97 of 253 episodes produced during the first six years of the programme are not held in the bbc 's archives ( most notably seasons 3 , 4 , & 5 , from which 79 episodes are missing ) . <SEP> which seasons ?
newton 's third law is a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects . <SEP> what law ?
then anderson scored on a 2-yard touchdown run and manning completed a pass to bennie fowler for a 2-point conversion , giving denver a 24–10 lead with 3:08 left and essentially putting the game away . <SEP> who ?
using statistics from 23 developed countries and the 50 states of the us , they found social/health problems lower in countries like japan and finland and states like utah and new hampshire with high levels of equality , than in countries ( us and uk ) and states ( mississippi and new york ) with large differences in household income . <SEP> 
although the famous mughal emperors were proud descendants of genghis khan and particularly timur , they clearly distanced themselves from the mongol atrocities committed against the khwarizim shahs , turks , persians , the citizens of baghdad and damascus , nishapur , bukhara and historical figures such as attar of nishapur and many other notable muslims . <SEP> which descendants of genghis khan ?
peter capaldi took on the role after matt smith 's exit in the 2013 christmas special " the time of the doctor " . <SEP> who ?
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation . <SEP> what ?
as opposed to broadcasts of primetime series , cbs broadcast special episodes of its late night talk shows as its lead-out programs for super bowl 50 , beginning with a special episode of the late show with stephen colbert following the game . <SEP> what talk show ?
it is perhaps the first modern [ vague ] statement of the principle of nonviolent protest . <SEP> 
at the end of 1949 , movie theater operator united paramount theatres ( upt ) was forced by the u.s. supreme court to become an independent entity , separating itself from paramount pictures . <SEP> who ?
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states . <SEP> who ?
this innovative electric motor , patented in may 1888 , was a simple self-starting design that did not need a commutator , thus avoiding sparking and the high maintenance of constantly servicing and replacing mechanical brushes . <SEP> when ?
orientalism , as theorized by edward said , refers to how the west developed an imaginative geography of the east . <SEP> how ?
students at the university of chicago run over 400 clubs and organizations known as recognized student organizations ( rsos ) . <SEP> what ?
his main interest was centered on the prophecy of the little horn in daniel 8:9–12 , 23–25 . <SEP> what ?
in cases where the criminalized behavior is pure speech , civil disobedience can consist simply of engaging in the forbidden speech . <SEP> what ?
the special was one of several special 3d programmes the bbc produced at the time , using a 3d system that made use of the pulfrich effect requiring glasses with one darkened lens ; the picture would look normal to those viewers who watched without the glasses . <SEP> what type of lenses ?
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount . <SEP> which company ?
the city is the seat of a roman catholic archdiocese ( left bank of the vistula ) and diocese ( right bank ) , and possesses various universities , most notably the polish academy of sciences and the university of warsaw , two opera houses , theatres , museums , libraries and monuments . <SEP> what archdiocese ?
the interior makes much use of marble in the entrance hall and flanking staircases , although the galleries as originally designed were white with restrained classical detail and mouldings , very much in contrast to the elaborate decoration of the victorian galleries , although much of this decoration was removed in the early 20th century . <SEP> what building ?
among them , the original fresno county courthouse ( demolished ) , the fresno carnegie public library ( demolished ) , the fresno water tower , the bank of italy building , the pacific southwest building , the san joaquin light & power building ( currently known as the grand 1401 ) , and the hughes hotel ( burned down ) , to name a few . <SEP> what former building ?
the initial lunar flight version weighed approximately 51,300 pounds ( 23,300 kg ) fully fueled , while a later version designed to carry a lunar orbit scientific instrument package weighed just over 54,000 pounds ( 24,000 kg ) . <SEP> how much ?
salaries for nursery , primary and secondary school teachers ranged from £20,133 to £41,004 in september 2007 , although some salaries can go much higher depending on experience and extra responsibilities . <SEP> when ?
in 1900 , the los angeles times defined southern california as including " the seven counties of los angeles , san bernardino , orange , riverside , san diego , ventura and santa barbara . " <SEP> in which year ?
tension forces can be modeled using ideal strings that are massless , frictionless , unbreakable , and unstretchable . <SEP> what ?
modern mongolian historians say that towards the end of his life , genghis khan attempted to create a civil state under the great yassa that would have established the legal equality of all individuals , including women . <SEP> what ?
muqali , a trusted lieutenant , was given command of the mongol forces against the jin dynasty while genghis khan was fighting in central asia , and subutai and jebe were allowed to pursue the great raid into the caucasus and kievan rus ' , an idea they had presented to the khagan on their own initiative . <SEP> which two generals ?
type i hypersensitivity is an immediate or anaphylactic reaction , often associated with allergy . <SEP> what type of hypersensitivity ?
in october 2010 , the open-access scientific journal plos pathogens published a paper by a multinational team who undertook a new investigation into the role of yersinia pestis in the black death following the disputed identification by drancourt and raoult in 1998. they assessed the presence of dna/rna with polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) techniques for y. pestis from the tooth sockets in human skeletons from mass graves in northern , central and southern europe that were associated archaeologically with the black death and subsequent resurgences . <SEP> when ?
by contrast in commission v italy the court of justice held that a requirement for lawyers in italy to comply with maximum tariffs unless there was an agreement with a client was not a restriction . <SEP> in which case ?
notable alumni in the field of government and politics include the founder of modern community organizing saul alinsky , obama campaign advisor and top political advisor to president bill clinton david axelrod , attorney general and federal judge robert bork , attorney general ramsey clark , prohibition agent eliot ness , supreme court justice john paul stevens , prime minister of canada william lyon mackenzie king , 11th prime minister of poland marek belka , governor of the bank of japan masaaki shirakawa , the first female african-american senator carol moseley braun , united states senator from vermont and 2016 democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders , and former world bank president paul wolfowitz . <SEP> what prohibition agent ?
william of apulia tells that , in 1016 , norman pilgrims to the shrine of the archangel michael at monte gargano were met by melus of bari , a lombard nobleman and rebel , who persuaded them to return with more warriors to help throw off the byzantine rule , which they did . <SEP> whose shrine ?
the lower part of the walls are panelled in wood with a band of paintings depicting fruit and the occasional figure , with moulded plaster foliage on the main part of the wall and a plaster frieze around the decorated ceiling and stained-glass windows by edward burne-jones . <SEP> who ?
where the different institutions can not agree at any stage , a " conciliation committee " is convened , representing meps , ministers and the commission to try and get agreement on a joint text : if this works , it will be sent back to the parliament and council to approve by absolute and qualified majority . <SEP> what entity ?
since approximately 600,000 years ago , six major ice ages have occurred , in which sea level dropped 120 m ( 390 ft ) and much of the continental margins became exposed . <SEP> how many major ice ages ?
the nestorian physician jesus the interpreter founded the office of western medicine in 1263 during the reign of kublai . <SEP> who ?
he was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the black death for the second edition in 1908 , implicating rats and fleas in the process , and his interpretation was widely accepted for other ancient and medieval epidemics , such as the justinian plague that was prevalent in the eastern roman empire from 541 to 700 ce . <SEP> what ?
the state 's lowest minimum temperature of −11.7 °c ( 10.9 °f ) was recorded at omeo on 13 june 1965 , and again at falls creek on 3 july 1970. temperature extremes for the state are listed in the table below : <SEP> what ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> which nfl team ?
carolina suffered a major setback when thomas davis , an 11-year veteran who had already overcome three acl tears in his career , went down with a broken arm in the nfc championship game . <SEP> what injury ?
apollo ran from 1961 to 1972 , and was supported by the two-man gemini program which ran concurrently with it from 1962 to 1966. gemini missions developed some of the space travel techniques that were necessary for the success of the apollo missions . <SEP> how long ?
mcletchie was elected on the lothian regional list and the conservatives suffered a net loss of five seats , with leader annabel goldie claiming that their support had held firm . <SEP> who ?
the establishment of the german colonial empire proceeded smoothly , starting with german new guinea in 1884 . <SEP> when ?
in ancient greece , diocles of carystus ( 4th century bc ) was one of several men studying the medicinal properties of plants . <SEP> who ?
the earliest doctor who-related audio release was a 21-minute narrated abridgement of the first doctor television story the chase released in 1966. ten years later , the first original doctor who audio was released on lp record ; doctor who and the pescatons featuring the fourth doctor . <SEP> what ?
an example would be wbai 's broadcasting the track " filthy words " from a george carlin comedy album , which eventually led to the 1978 supreme court case of fcc v. pacifica foundation . <SEP> what year ?
their presence , combined with a perceived british policy of allowing them free rein , heightened by exposés such as the 2007 channel 4 documentary programme undercover mosque , has given rise to the term londonistan . <SEP> 
however the diatom endosymbiont ca n't store its own food—its starch is found in granules in the dinophyte host 's cytoplasm instead . <SEP> where ?
a small , two-lane rural road for most of its length , kearney boulevard is lined with tall palm trees . <SEP> what kinds of trees ?
bento de moura portugal introduced an ingenious improvement of savery 's construction " to render it capable of working itself " , as described by john smeaton in the philosophical transactions published in 1751. it continued to be manufactured until the late 18th century . <SEP> who ?
there are direct contractual links between the architect 's client and the main contractor . <SEP> who ?
at the end of his second year , tesla lost his scholarship and became addicted to gambling . <SEP> what ?
the term " imperialism " is often conflated with " colonialism " , however many scholars have argued that each have their own distinct definition . <SEP> 
although kenya is the most industrially developed country in the african great lakes region , manufacturing still accounts for only 14 % of the gdp . <SEP> what country ?
it has been hypothesized that he may have intercepted marconi 's european experiments in july 1899—marconi may have transmitted the letter s ( dot/dot/dot ) in a naval demonstration , the same three impulses that tesla hinted at hearing in colorado—or signals from another experimenter in wireless transmission . <SEP> when ?
a static equilibrium between two forces is the most usual way of measuring forces , using simple devices such as weighing scales and spring balances . <SEP> what ?
cbs introduced new features during the telecast , including pylon cameras and microphones along with eyevision 360—an array of 36 cameras along the upper deck that can be used to provide a 360-degree view of plays and " bullet time " effects . <SEP> what ?
he fled north to shangdu from khanbaliq ( present-day beijing ) in 1368 after the approach of the forces of the míng dynasty ( 1368–1644 ) , founded by zhu yuanzhang in the south . <SEP> when ?
in principle , this means that any significant new evidence or events that change our understanding of climate science between this deadline and publication of an ipcc report can not be included . <SEP> what ?
after he died , his body was returned to mongolia and presumably to his birthplace in khentii aimag , where many assume he is buried somewhere close to the onon river and the burkhan khaldun mountain ( part of the kentii mountain range ) . <SEP> where ?
in the china of the yuan , or mongol era , various important developments in the arts occurred or continued in their development , including the areas of painting , mathematics , calligraphy , poetry , and theater , with many great artists and writers being famous today . <SEP> what type of arts ?
abc 's western series ( as well as series such as the actioner zorro ) went up against and defeated the variety shows aired by nbc and cbs in the fall of 1957 , and its detective shows did the same in the fall of 1959. to captivate the network 's audiences , short 66-minute series were scheduled a half-hour before their hour-long competition . <SEP> what ?
to compensate for stagnating and declining purchasing power , political pressure has developed to extend easier credit to the lower and middle income earners – particularly to buy homes – and easier credit in general to keep unemployment rates low . <SEP> what ?
the extant manuscript shows multiple revisions , demonstrating luther 's concern to clarify and strengthen the text and to provide an appropriately prayerful tune . <SEP> what ?
the megaregion 's area is more expansive , extending east into las vegas , nevada , and south across the mexican border into tijuana . <SEP> which border ?
the v & a has its origins in the great exhibition of 1851 , with which henry cole , the museum 's first director , was involved in planning ; initially it was known as the museum of manufactures , first opening in may 1852 at marlborough house , but by september had been transferred to somerset house . <SEP> who ?
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " . <SEP> what institute ?
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach . <SEP> who ?
epidemics that may have included plague killed an estimated 25 million chinese and other asians during the 15 years before it reached constantinople in 1347 . <SEP> how many ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> what award ?
colonel monckton , in the sole british success that year , captured fort beauséjour in june 1755 , cutting the french fortress at louisbourg off from land-based reinforcements . <SEP> who ?
for reasons of economy , oxygen is often transported in bulk as a liquid in specially insulated tankers , since one liter of liquefied oxygen is equivalent to 840 liters of gaseous oxygen at atmospheric pressure and 20 °c ( 68 °f ) . <SEP> in what state ?
the general conference meets every four years ( quadrennium ) . <SEP> how often ?
inertia therefore applies equally well to constant velocity motion as it does to rest . <SEP> 
kenya is usually classified as a frontier market or occasionally an emerging market , but it is not one of the least developed countries . <SEP> what kind of market ?
it was a key event in the history of ac power , as westinghouse demonstrated the safety , reliability , and efficiency of a fully integrated alternating current system to the american public . <SEP> what type of power ?
in the 1060s , robert crispin led the normans of edessa against the turks . <SEP> when ?
occasionally , regular-series episodes will exceed the 45-minute run time ; notably , the episodes " journey 's end " from 2008 and " the eleventh hour " from 2010 exceeded an hour in length . <SEP> what year ?
in case of a shared physical medium ( such as radio or 10base5 ) , the packets may be delivered according to a multiple access scheme . <SEP> how ?
stage 1 is the first , or introductory stage of the bill , where the minister or member in charge of the bill will formally introduce it to parliament together with its accompanying documents – explanatory notes , a policy memorandum setting out the policy underlying the bill , and a financial memorandum setting out the costs and savings associated with it . <SEP> what ?
genghis khan ordered the wholesale massacre of many of the civilians , enslaved the rest of the population and executed inalchuq by pouring molten silver into his ears and eyes , as retribution for his actions . <SEP> what metal ?
according to the prevailing view among historians , his anti-jewish rhetoric contributed significantly to the development of antisemitism in germany , and in the 1930s and 1940s provided an " ideal underpinning " for the nazis ' attacks on jews . <SEP> what later actions by the nazis ?
the americas during the pre-columbian era also had large empires such as the aztec empire and the incan empire . <SEP> during which ?
fourth , national courts have a duty to interpret domestic law " as far as possible in the light of the wording and purpose of the directive " . <SEP> which courts ?
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " wir glauben all an einen gott " ( " we all believe in one true god " ) is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism . <SEP> when ?
authors may refer to non-peer-reviewed sources ( the " grey literature " ) , provided that they are of sufficient quality . <SEP> what ?
following a break for late local programming , cbs also aired a special episode of the late late show with james corden . <SEP> what ?
its music library contains 8000 cds and 10,000 lps . <SEP> how many cds ?
the bainbridge ’ s official ledgers reported revenue by department , giving birth to the name department store . <SEP> how ?
the glass collection covers 4000 years of glass making , and has over 6000 items from africa , britain , europe , america and asia . <SEP> how many years ?
the $ 1.2 billion stadium opened in 2014. it is the first super bowl held in the san francisco bay area since super bowl xix in 1985 , and the first in california since super bowl xxxvii took place in san diego in 2003 . <SEP> what california city last ?
for example , an object suspended on a vertical spring scale experiences the force of gravity acting on the object balanced by a force applied by the " spring reaction force " , which equals the object 's weight . <SEP> what ?
participation in the african slave trade and the subsequent treatment of its 12 to 15 million africans is viewed by some to be a more modern extension of america 's " internal colonialism " . <SEP> how many ?
all green parts of a plant contain chloroplasts—the chloroplasts , or more specifically , the chlorophyll in them are what make the photosynthetic parts of a plant green . <SEP> what parts of plants ?
in the case of model or toy steam engines , the heat source can be an electric heating element . <SEP> what type of heating element ?
kublai readied the move of the mongol capital from karakorum in mongolia to khanbaliq in 1264 , constructing a new city near the former jurchen capital zhongdu , now modern beijing , in 1266. in 1271 , kublai formally claimed the mandate of heaven and declared that 1272 was the first year of the great yuan ( chinese : 大元 ) in the style of a traditional chinese dynasty . <SEP> when ?
he instituted the reforms proposed by his chinese advisers by centralizing the bureaucracy , expanding the circulation of paper money , and maintaining the traditional monopolies on salt and iron . <SEP> what natural resources ?
the event has its origins in the temperance movement during the early 1880s and coincides with the annual race week at high gosforth park . <SEP> what movement ?
past faculty have also included egyptologist james henry breasted , mathematician alberto calderón , nobel prize winning economist and classical liberalism defender friedrich hayek , meteorologist ted fujita , chemists glenn t. seaborg , the developer of the actinide concept and nobel prize winner yuan t. lee , nobel prize winning novelist saul bellow , political philosopher and author allan bloom , cancer researchers charles brenton huggins and janet rowley , astronomer gerard kuiper , one of the most important figures in the early development of the discipline of linguistics edward sapir , and the founder of mckinsey & co. , james o. mckinsey . <SEP> who ?
in 1981 , the presidential working party on the second university was commissioned to look at both the possibilities of setting up a second university in kenya as well as the reforming of the entire education system . <SEP> what ?
there are also categories for construction service firms ( e.g. , engineering , architecture ) and construction managers ( firms engaged in managing construction projects without assuming direct financial responsibility for completion of the construction project ) . <SEP> what ?
lower doses of anti-inflammatory drugs are often used in conjunction with cytotoxic or immunosuppressive drugs such as methotrexate or azathioprine . <SEP> 
the rate of flow was increased and the ground water level fell significantly . <SEP> what ?
luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " wir glauben all an einen gott " ( " we all believe in one true god " ) is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring luther 's 1529 three-part explanation of the apostles ' creed in the small catechism . <SEP> what ?
the main quadrangles consist of six quadrangles , each surrounded by buildings , bordering one larger quadrangle . <SEP> how many quadrangles ?
the fis won sweeping victories in local elections and it was going to win national elections in 1991 when voting was canceled by a military coup d'état . <SEP> what ?
notable examples include the traveling salesman problem and the integer factorization problem . <SEP> what ?
in october 1529 , philip i , landgrave of hesse , convoked an assembly of german and swiss theologians at the marburg colloquy , to establish doctrinal unity in the emerging protestant states . <SEP> when ?
chloroplasts do not normally develop from proplastids in root tip meristems—instead , the formation of starch-storing amyloplasts is more common . <SEP> what ?
on december 22 , disney–abc television group announced a partnership with apple inc. to make individual episodes of abc and disney channel programs available for purchase on itunes . <SEP> 
as a result , kuchlug 's army was defeated west of kashgar . <SEP> where ?
2013 economics nobel prize winner robert j. shiller said that rising inequality in the united states and elsewhere is the most important problem . <SEP> what ?
around 1685 , huguenot refugees found a safe haven in the lutheran and reformed states in germany and scandinavia . <SEP> what protestant religions ?
a function problem is a computational problem where a single output ( of a total function ) is expected for every input , but the output is more complex than that of a decision problem , that is , it is n't just yes or no . <SEP> how many ?
using such tools , some quantitative force laws were discovered : that the force of gravity is proportional to volume for objects of constant density ( widely exploited for millennia to define standard weights ) ; archimedes ' principle for buoyancy ; archimedes ' analysis of the lever ; boyle 's law for gas pressure ; and hooke 's law for springs . <SEP> what ?
the earth 's mantle , of much larger mass than the crust , is largely composed of silicates of magnesium and iron . <SEP> 
first , linebacker shaq thompson tackled ronnie hillman for a 3-yard loss . <SEP> who ?
as a consequence , engines equipped only with this governor were not suitable for operations requiring constant speed , such as cotton spinning . <SEP> what ?
governor duquesne sent additional french forces under claude-pierre pecaudy de contrecœur to relieve saint-pierre during the same period , and contrecœur led 500 men south from fort venango on april 5 , 1754. when these forces arrived at the fort on april 16 , contrecœur generously allowed trent 's small company to withdraw . <SEP> how many ?
innate immune systems are found in all plants and animals . <SEP> what type of immune systems ?
two han chinese leaders , shi tianze , liu heima ( 劉黑馬 , liu ni ) , and the khitan xiao zhala ( 蕭札剌 ) defected and commanded the 3 tumens in the mongol army . <SEP> what han chinese leader ?
braddock ( with george washington as one of his aides ) led about 1,500 army troops and provincial militia on an expedition in june 1755 to take fort duquesne . <SEP> who ?
in the united states 90 % of the electric power is produced in this way using a variety of heat sources . <SEP> what percentage of electrical power in the united states ?
a progressive tax is a tax by which the tax rate increases as the taxable base amount increases . <SEP> what ?
they judge that global mean surface air temperature has increased by 0.3 to 0.6 °c over the last 100 years , broadly consistent with prediction of climate models , but also of the same magnitude as natural climate variability . <SEP> how much ?
various gold-themed promotions and initiatives were held throughout the 2015 nfl season to tie into the " golden super bowl " ; gold-tinted logos were implemented across the nfl 's properties and painted on fields , the numbering of the 50-yard line on fields was colored gold , and beginning on week 7 , all sideline jackets and hats featured gold-trimmed logos . <SEP> what color ?
leaving a sizable force at fort william henry to distract montcalm , he began organizing for the expedition to quebec . <SEP> what ?
teachers may provide instruction in literacy and numeracy , craftsmanship or vocational training , the arts , religion , civics , community roles , or life skills . <SEP> what ?
on the television side , in september 1969 , abc launched the movie of the week , a weekly showcase aimed at capitalizing on the growing success of made-for-tv movies since the early 1960s . <SEP> in what year ?
paul revere was descended from huguenot refugees , as was henry laurens , who signed the articles of confederation for south carolina ; jack jouett , who made the ride from cuckoo tavern to warn thomas jefferson and others that tarleton and his men were on their way to arrest him for crimes against the king ; francis marion , and a number of other leaders of the american revolution and later statesmen . <SEP> what revolutionary war midnight rider ?
the private 'un-aided ' schools are fully funded by private parties . <SEP> how ?
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region . <SEP> which region ?
currently , the average scottish parliament constituency comprises 55,000 electors . <SEP> what ?
since its foundation , the treaties sought to enable people to pursue their life goals in any country through free movement . <SEP> what ?
the measurement implies that an unknown process depleted oxygen-16 from the sun 's disk of protoplanetary material prior to the coalescence of dust grains that formed the earth . <SEP> the formation of which planet ?
until the all-channel receiver act ( passed by congress in 1961 ) mandated the inclusion of uhf tuning , most viewers needed to purchase a converter to be able to watch uhf stations , and the signal quality was marginal at best even with a converter . <SEP> what important legislation ?
tesla 's demonstration of his induction motor and westinghouse 's subsequent licensing of the patent , both in 1888 , put tesla firmly on the " ac " side of the so-called " war of currents , " an electrical distribution battle being waged between thomas edison and george westinghouse that had been simmering since westinghouse 's first ac system in 1886 and had reached the point of all-out warfare by 1888. this started out as a competition between rival lighting systems with edison holding all the patents for dc and the incandescent light and westinghouse using his own patented ac system to power arc lights as well as incandescent lamps of a slightly different design to get around the edison patent . <SEP> what ?
to recognize the differences of companies in this sector , it is divided into three subsectors : building construction , heavy and civil engineering construction , and specialty trade contractors . <SEP> what ?
oxygen was discovered independently by carl wilhelm scheele , in uppsala , in 1773 or earlier , and joseph priestley in wiltshire , in 1774 , but priestley is often given priority because his work was published first . <SEP> in what year ?
this gives members an opportunity to question the first minister directly on issues under their jurisdiction . <SEP> what ?
in fall 2010 , the university of chicago also opened a center in beijing , near renmin university 's campus in haidian district . <SEP> 
in september 2012 , according to the institute for policy studies , " over 60 percent " of the forbes richest 400 americans " grew up in substantial privilege " . <SEP> how many of the richest 400 americans ?
the isolated subdivision was for years known as the " dogg pound " in reference to a local gang , and as of late 2008 was still known for high levels of violent crime . <SEP> what area of brookhaven ?
china has been causing environmental and social problems that include the recent suspension of the railway project . <SEP> what ?
prime ideals , which generalize prime elements in the sense that the principal ideal generated by a prime element is a prime ideal , are an important tool and object of study in commutative algebra , algebraic number theory and algebraic geometry . <SEP> what type of ideals ?
these jurisdictions also usually specify that only pharmacists may supply scheduled pharmaceuticals to the public , and that pharmacists can not form business partnerships with physicians or give them " kickback " payments . <SEP> what ?
tesla spent over $ 2,000 , including building a device that comfortably supported her so her bones could heal , to fix her broken wing and leg . <SEP> what ?
the league eventually narrowed the bids to three sites : new orleans ' mercedes-benz superdome , miami 's sun life stadium , and the san francisco bay area 's levi 's stadium . <SEP> what ?
genghis khan is credited with bringing the silk road under one cohesive political environment . <SEP> to which ?
besides , within the city borders , there are also : pole mokotowskie ( a big park in the northern mokotów , where was the first horse racetrack and then the airport ) , park ujazdowski ( close to the sejm and john lennon street ) , park of culture and rest in powsin , by the southern city border , park skaryszewski by the right vistula bank , in praga . <SEP> where ?
some remote sensing scientists have proposed using the measurement of the radiance coming from vegetation canopies in those bands to characterize plant health status from a satellite platform . <SEP> what ?
around 1685 , huguenot refugees found a safe haven in the lutheran and reformed states in germany and scandinavia . <SEP> which areas of northern europe ?
in 1893 richard dean adams , who headed up the niagara falls cataract construction company sought tesla 's opinion on what system would be best to transmit power generated at the falls . <SEP> who ?
he promptly awarded their elected leader , william iron arm , with the title of count in his capital of melfi . <SEP> who ?
tesla may have inadvertently captured an x-ray image—predating , by a few weeks , wilhelm röntgen 's december 1895 announcement of the discovery of x-rays—when he tried to photograph mark twain illuminated by a geissler tube , an earlier type of gas discharge tube . <SEP> what type of image ?
the war of the austrian succession ( whose north american theater is known as king george 's war ) formally ended in 1748 with the signing of the treaty of aix-la-chapelle . <SEP> what ?
it is here that the rhine encounters some more of its main tributaries , such as the neckar , the main and , later , the moselle , which contributes an average discharge of more than 300 m3/s ( 11,000 cu ft/s ) . <SEP> which of the tributaries in germany ?
as of the 2010 united states census , southern california has a population of 22,680,010. despite a reputation for high growth rates , southern california 's rate grew less than the state average of 10.0 % in the 2000s as california 's growth became concentrated in the northern part of the state due to a stronger , tech-oriented economy in the bay area and an emerging greater sacramento region . <SEP> what kind of economy ?
josel asked the city of strasbourg to forbid the sale of luther 's anti-jewish works : they refused initially , but did so when a lutheran pastor in hochfelden used a sermon to urge his parishioners to murder jews . <SEP> what ?
in 2004 , the v & a alongside royal institute of british architects opened the first permanent gallery in the uk covering the history of architecture with displays using models , photographs , elements from buildings and original drawings . <SEP> in which year ?
the dominant explanation for the black death is the plague theory , which attributes the outbreak to yersinia pestis , also responsible for an epidemic that began in southern china in 1865 , eventually spreading to india . <SEP> what ?
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters . <SEP> what radio network ?
the owner produces a list of requirements for a project , giving an overall view of the project 's goals . <SEP> who ?
the mongol force that invaded southern china was far greater than the force they sent to invade the middle east in 1256. he died in 1259 without a successor . <SEP> when ?
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities . <SEP> what ?
the abc also provided partial funding for the 20th anniversary special the five doctors in 1983. repeats of both the classic and modern series have also been shown on subscription television channels bbc uktv , sf and later on syfy upon sf 's closure . <SEP> what ?
chris keates , the general secretary of national association of schoolmasters union of women teachers , said that teachers who have sex with pupils over the age of consent should not be placed on the sex offenders register and that prosecution for statutory rape " is a real anomaly in the law that we are concerned about . " <SEP> what register ?
the collection includes about 1130 british and 650 european oil paintings , 6800 british watercolours , pastels and 2000 miniatures , for which the museum holds the national collection . <SEP> approximately how many european oil paintings ?
the toshiba gallery of japanese art opened in december 1986. the majority of exhibits date from 1550 to 1900 , but one of the oldest pieces displayed is the 13th-century sculpture of amida nyorai . <SEP> most of the objects in the japanese art collection ?
the doctor 's first companions seen on screen were his granddaughter susan foreman ( carole ann ford ) and her teachers barbara wright ( jacqueline hill ) and ian chesterton ( william russell ) . <SEP> what ?
in 1993 , for the franchise 's 30th anniversary , another charity special , titled dimensions in time was produced for children in need , featuring all of the surviving actors who played the doctor and a number of previous companions . <SEP> what special ?
a regulation of the rhine was called for , with an upper canal near diepoldsau and a lower canal at fußach , in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western rhine delta . <SEP> where ?
tesla was asocial and prone to seclude himself with his work . <SEP> what ?
for instance , the language { xx | x is any binary string } can be solved in linear time on a multi-tape turing machine , but necessarily requires quadratic time in the model of single-tape turing machines . <SEP> 
the fully informed jury association 's publication " a primer for prospective jurors " notes , " think of the dilemma faced by german citizens when hitler 's secret police demanded to know if they were hiding a jew in their house . " <SEP> 
the internet2 community , in partnership with qwest , built the first internet2 network , called abilene , in 1998 and was a prime investor in the national lambdarail ( nlr ) project . <SEP> what ?
itv tyne tees was based at city road for over 40 years after its launch in january 1959. in 2005 it moved to a new facility on the watermark business park next to the metrocentre in gateshead . <SEP> where ?
during pregnancy , a particular type of antibody , called igg , is transported from mother to baby directly across the placenta , so human babies have high levels of antibodies even at birth , with the same range of antigen specificities as their mother . <SEP> what antibody ?
left untreated , of those that contract the bubonic plague , 80 percent die within eight days . <SEP> what percent of untreated victims of the ?
it was commissioned by odo , the bishop of bayeux and first earl of kent , employing natives from kent who were learned in the nordic traditions imported in the previous half century by the danish vikings . <SEP> who ?
most of these defections occur because of economic or financial factors . <SEP> why ?
prior to european settlement , the area now constituting victoria was inhabited by a large number of aboriginal peoples , collectively known as the koori . <SEP> what ?
q stands for the quaternary period . <SEP> during which period ?
linebacker luke kuechly had 11 total tackles , while thomas davis had seven , despite playing just two weeks after breaking his right arm in the nfc title game . <SEP> which player ?
the first four saturn i test flights were launched from lc-34 , with only live first stages , carrying dummy upper stages filled with water . <SEP> what ?
the original logo used for the first doctor ( and briefly for the second doctor ) was reused in a slightly modified format for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " during the eleventh doctor 's run . <SEP> which doctor ?
a teacher 's role may vary among cultures . <SEP> what factor ?
starting in the late 1950s , american computer scientist paul baran developed the concept distributed adaptive message block switching with the goal to provide a fault-tolerant , efficient routing method for telecommunication messages as part of a research program at the rand corporation , funded by the us department of defense . <SEP> what ?
these positions include : the honoured but informal position of starets or elder - a man ( or , less often , woman ) , often a monastic , considered to be graced by god with certain gifts for the guidance of souls and the detection and correction of prelest ( spiritual pride or deception ) - who acts as a spiritual guide or father in the orthodox catholic tradition , especially russian orthodoxy ( see optina monastery , which had a long line of said starets ) ; the priest or confessor in roman catholicism , who is often a man in holy orders but may be a monastic or other person respected for his spiritual accomplishments or acumen ( even the pope of rome has a confessor , who is not always a bishop , and , due to the hierarchical structure of the roman church , can not be his equal in authority ) , which is often a semi-official to official position , as opposed to the unofficial positions of spiritual guides in the orthodox catholic and protestant traditions ; and the almost-exclusively informal arrangements ( generally formal only in members who are under some form of church discipline ) of mentorship ( both of adults and children , in the latter case often a youth pastor ) in the protestant and non-denominational traditions , which boundaries can be blurred with the more typically roman " confessor " position in some of the more historic and conservative reformation churches , such as some of the lutheran and anglican . <SEP> 
the property of being prime ( or not ) is called primality . <SEP> what ?
this shift has already commenced in some countries ; for instance , pharmacists in australia receive remuneration from the australian government for conducting comprehensive home medicines reviews . <SEP> who ?
in june 1978 , arledge created the newsmagazine 20/20 ; after its first episode received harshly negative reviews , the program – which debuted as a summer series , before becoming a year-round program in 1979 – was immediately revamped to feature a mix of in-depth stories and interviews , with hugh downs appointed as its anchor ( later paired alongside his former today colleague barbara walters ) . <SEP> which female anchor from today ?
the " west side " of fresno , also often called " southwest fresno " , is one of the oldest neighborhoods in the city . <SEP> which neighborhood ?
after a general debate on the final form of the bill , members proceed to vote at decision time on whether they agree to the general principles of the final bill . <SEP> when ?
he wrote two hymns on the ten commandments , " dies sind die heilgen zehn gebot " and " mensch , willst du leben seliglich " . <SEP> how many hymns ?
in 1999 , the times added a newer county—imperial—to that list . <SEP> in which year ?
one in five of all the bird species in the world live in the rainforests of the amazon , and one in five of the fish species live in amazonian rivers and streams . <SEP> what ?
on december 3 , the league confirmed that the show would be headlined by the british rock group coldplay . <SEP> on what date ?
this would be the final year in a multi-year contract with anheuser-busch inbev that allowed the beer manufacturer to air multiple advertisements during the game at a steep discount . <SEP> what beverage company ?
individuals may also become a professing member through transfer from another christian denomination . <SEP> in which ?
all of the archival material at the national art library is using encoded archival description ( ead ) . <SEP> what archival system ?
in 1928 , tesla received his last patent , u.s. patent 1,655,114 , for a biplane capable of taking off vertically ( vtol aircraft ) and then be " gradually tilted through manipulation of the elevator devices " in flight until it was flying like a conventional plane . <SEP> for what invention ?
abc also owns the times square studios at 1500 broadway on land in times square owned by a development fund for the 42nd street project ; opened in 1999 , good morning america and nightline are broadcast from this particular facility . <SEP> what studio ?
one of the great treasures in the library is the codex forster , some of leonardo da vinci 's note books . <SEP> by which ?
the final part of the museum designed by scott was the art library and what is now the sculpture gallery on the south side of the garden , built 1877–83 , the exterior mosaic panels in the parapet were designed by reuben townroe who also designed the plaster work in the library , sir john taylor designed the book shelves and cases , also this was the first part of the museum to have electric lighting . <SEP> where ?
between 1991 and 2000 , the total area of forest lost in the amazon rose from 415,000 to 587,000 square kilometres ( 160,000 to 227,000 sq mi ) , with most of the lost forest becoming pasture for cattle . <SEP> what ?
luther 's commentary on genesis contains a passage which concludes that " the soul does not sleep ( anima non sic dormit ) , but wakes ( sed vigilat ) and experiences visions " . <SEP> where ?
on 18 april 1521 , luther appeared as ordered before the diet of worms . <SEP> when ?
the south florida/miami area has previously hosted the event 10 times ( tied for most with new orleans ) , with the most recent one being super bowl xliv in 2010. the san francisco bay area last hosted in 1985 ( super bowl xix ) , held at stanford stadium in stanford , california , won by the home team 49ers . <SEP> what ?
most of the wind rose direction occurrences derive from the northwest , as winds are driven downward along the axis of the california central valley ; in december , january and february there is an increased presence of southeastern wind directions in the wind rose statistics . <SEP> in which months ?
moderate and reformist islamists who accept and work within the democratic process include parties like the tunisian ennahda movement . <SEP> what process ?
temüjin hastily gathered together his followers to defend against the attack , but he was decisively beaten in the battle of dalan balzhut . <SEP> which battle ?
the simplest valve gears give events of fixed length during the engine cycle and often make the engine rotate in only one direction . <SEP> of what length ?
however , there was a riot at buckland valley near bright in 1857. conditions on the gold fields were cramped and unsanitary ; an outbreak of typhoid at buckland valley in 1854 killed over 1,000 miners . <SEP> what ?
after a chloroplast polypeptide is synthesized on a ribosome in the cytosol , an enzyme specific to chloroplast proteins phosphorylates , or adds a phosphate group to many ( but not all ) of them in their transit sequences . <SEP> what ?
kqtv is licensed to st. joseph , missouri , which is designated by nielsen as a separate market from kansas city despite being located within 55 miles ( 89 km ) of one another , while wwsb and wotv serve areas that do not receive an adequate signal from their market 's primary abc affiliate ( in the case of wwsb , this dates back to when wtsp was tampa 's primary abc affiliate prior to 1994 , with the former being necessitated to serve the southern part of the tampa market including the station 's city of license , sarasota , due to wtsp 's transmitter being short-spaced to avoid interfering with the analog signal of miami affiliate wplg – which like wtsp , broadcast on vhf channel 10 ) . <SEP> what ?
harvard 's $ 37.6 billion financial endowment is the largest of any academic institution . <SEP> what ?
british researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett have found higher rates of health and social problems ( obesity , mental illness , homicides , teenage births , incarceration , child conflict , drug use ) , and lower rates of social goods ( life expectancy by country , educational performance , trust among strangers , women 's status , social mobility , even numbers of patents issued ) in countries and states with higher inequality . <SEP> what nationality ?
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates . <SEP> what nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winner ?
he was influenced by hamburg merchants and traders , his neighbors at friedrichsruh . <SEP> who ?
denver took the opening kickoff and started out strong with peyton manning completing an 18-yard pass to tight end owen daniels and a 22-yard throw to receiver andre caldwell . <SEP> who ?
when the withdrawal began , some of montcalm 's indian allies , angered at the lost opportunity for loot , attacked the british column , killing and capturing several hundred men , women , children , and slaves . <SEP> what ?
abc maintains affiliations with low-power stations ( broadcasting either in analog or digital ) in a few markets , such as birmingham , alabama ( wbma-ld ) , lima , ohio ( wlqp-lp ) and south bend , indiana ( wbnd-ld ) . <SEP> what ?
newcastle was successfully defended against the scots three times during the 14th century , and was created a county corporate with its own sheriff by henry iv in 1400 . <SEP> how many times ?
[ note 3 ] the spelling with rh- in english rhine as well as in german rhein and french rhin is due to the influence of greek orthography , while the vocalisation -i- is due to the proto-germanic adoption of the gaulish name as *rīnaz , via old frankish giving old english rín , old high german rīn , dutch rijn ( formerly also spelled rhijn ) ) . <SEP> what ?
article 102 allows the european council to regulations to govern mergers between firms ( the current regulation is the regulation 139/2004/ec ) . <SEP> which article ?
considering that the great majority of worldwide electric generation is produced by turbine type steam engines , the " steam age " is continuing with energy levels far beyond those of the turn of the 19th century . <SEP> what type of steam engine ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> what ?
first , linebacker shaq thompson tackled ronnie hillman for a 3-yard loss . <SEP> who ?
the panthers then blew out the arizona cardinals in the nfc championship game , 49–15 , racking up 487 yards and forcing seven turnovers . <SEP> who ?
hence ctenophores and cnidarians have traditionally been labelled diploblastic , along with sponges . <SEP> 
the ten commandments , and the beginnings of the renewed life of christians accorded to them by the sacrament of baptism , are a present foreshadowing of the believers ' future angel-like life in heaven in the midst of this life . <SEP> 
teachers may provide instruction in literacy and numeracy , craftsmanship or vocational training , the arts , religion , civics , community roles , or life skills . <SEP> what type of teaching ?
the v & a theatre & performance galleries , formerly the theatre museum , opened in march 2009. the collections are stored by the v & a , and are available for research , exhibitions and other shows . <SEP> what ?
kenya had an estimated 15 million cases of malaria in 2006 . <SEP> how many cases of malaria ?
in 1507 , he was ordained to the priesthood , and in 1508 , von staupitz , first dean of the newly founded university of wittenberg , sent for luther , to teach theology . <SEP> when ?
this view was instantly controversial , and in the early 1990s three advocate generals persuasively argued that directives should create rights and duties for all citizens . <SEP> when ?
formal teaching may be carried out by paid professionals . <SEP> who ?
in 2014 , economists with the standard & poor 's rating agency concluded that the widening disparity between the u.s. 's wealthiest citizens and the rest of the nation had slowed its recovery from the 2008-2009 recession and made it more prone to boom-and-bust cycles . <SEP> when ?
ctenophora ( /tᵻˈnɒfərə/ ; singular ctenophore , /ˈtɛnəfɔːr/ or /ˈtiːnəfɔːr/ ; from the greek κτείς kteis 'comb ' and φέρω pherō 'carry ' ; commonly known as comb jellies ) is a phylum of animals that live in marine waters worldwide . <SEP> what ?
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls . <SEP> who ?
in late 1886 tesla met alfred s. brown , a western union superintendent , and new york attorney charles f. peck . <SEP> what ?
adaptive ( or acquired ) immunity creates immunological memory after an initial response to a specific pathogen , leading to an enhanced response to subsequent encounters with that same pathogen . <SEP> what ?
this incarnation is played by michelle gomez . <SEP> what actress ?
he was a believer in the 19th century concept of an all pervasive " ether " that transmitted electrical energy . <SEP> to what century ?
major operators include : metro trains melbourne which runs an extensive , electrified , passenger system throughout melbourne and suburbs ; v/line which is now owned by the victorian government , operates a concentrated service to major regional centres , as well as long distance services on other lines ; pacific national , cfcl australia which operate freight services ; great southern rail which operates the overland melbourne—adelaide ; and nsw trainlink which operates xpts melbourne—sydney . <SEP> what type of rail line ?
its main component is a statocyst , a balance sensor consisting of a statolith , a solid particle supported on four bundles of cilia , called " balancers " , that sense its orientation . <SEP> what ?
he was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the black death for the second edition in 1908 , implicating rats and fleas in the process , and his interpretation was widely accepted for other ancient and medieval epidemics , such as the justinian plague that was prevalent in the eastern roman empire from 541 to 700 ce . <SEP> what ?
the last prime minister of the ( east ) german democratic republic , lothar de maizière , is also a descendant of a huguenot family , as is the german federal minister of the interior , thomas de maizière . <SEP> 
with the beginning of the new era , the after stalin period called the " thaw " , in the late 1950s , the new political leader nikita khrushchev put even more pressure on the soviet-american relations starting a new wave of anti-imperialist propaganda . <SEP> who ?
throughout the history of education the most common form of school discipline was corporal punishment . <SEP> what ?
the exodus of huguenots from france created a brain drain , as many huguenots had occupied important places in society . <SEP> what ?
in an interview with newspaper editor arthur brisbane , tesla said that he did not believe in telepathy , stating , " suppose i made up my mind to murder you , " he said , " in a second you would know it . <SEP> what ?
they were licensed by st. george 's church in 1784. three years later , protesting racial segregation in the worship services , allen led most of the black members out of st. george 's ; eventually they founded the mother bethel a.m.e. church and the african methodist episcopal denomination . <SEP> 
the ipcc fourth assessment report ( ar4 ) published in 2007 featured a graph showing 12 proxy based temperature reconstructions , including the three highlighted in the 2001 third assessment report ( tar ) ; mann , bradley & hughes 1999 as before , jones et al . <SEP> when ?
they joined the patriots , dallas cowboys , and pittsburgh steelers as one of four teams that have made eight appearances in the super bowl . <SEP> how many teams ?
pro bowl quarterback cam newton had one of his best seasons , throwing for 3,837 yards and rushing for 636 , while recording a career-high and league-leading 45 total touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ) , a career-low 10 interceptions , and a career-best quarterback rating of 99.4. newton 's leading receivers were tight end greg olsen , who caught a career-high 77 passes for 1,104 yards and seven touchdowns , and wide receiver ted ginn , jr. , who caught 44 passes for 739 yards and 10 touchdowns ; ginn also rushed for 60 yards and returned 27 punts for 277 yards . <SEP> what ?
from this he surmised that nitroaereus is consumed in both respiration and combustion . <SEP> for what ?
denver linebacker von miller was named super bowl mvp , recording five solo tackles , 2½ sacks , and two forced fumbles . <SEP> who ?
however , in real life , matter has extended structure and forces that act on one part of an object might affect other parts of an object . <SEP> what ?
julia butterfly hill lived in luna , a 180-foot ( 55 m ) -tall , 600-year-old california redwood tree for 738 days , successfully preventing it from being cut down . <SEP> who ?
recognition of this mhc : antigen complex is aided by a co-receptor on the t cell , called cd8 . <SEP> what co-receptor on the t cell ?
the panthers defense gave up just 308 points , ranking sixth in the league , while also leading the nfl in interceptions with 24 and boasting four pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many interceptions ?
a lama who has through phowa and siddhi consciously determined to be reborn , often many times , in order to continue their bodhisattva vow is called a tulku . <SEP> how much ?
during that year , tesla worked in pittsburgh , helping to create an alternating current system to power the city 's streetcars . <SEP> what ?
a simple but slow method of verifying the primality of a given number n is known as trial division . <SEP> what ?
the catholic church in france and many of its members opposed the huguenots . <SEP> what group ?
by this definition , civil disobedience could be traced back to the book of exodus , where shiphrah and puah refused a direct order of pharaoh but misrepresented how they did it . <SEP> what book of the bible ?
with its benches , flower carpets , a pond with ducks on and a playground for kids , the krasiński palace garden is a popular strolling destination for the varsovians . <SEP> what ?
the doctor has gained numerous reoccurring enemies during his travels , including the daleks , the cybermen , and the master , another renegade time lord . <SEP> what enemy of doctor ?
geophysical data and well logs can be combined to produce a better view of the subsurface , and stratigraphers often use computer programs to do this in three dimensions . <SEP> what tool ?
several of the proposed routes would require trams as opposed to the current light rail trains . <SEP> what type of train ?
in economics , notable nobel memorial prize in economic sciences winners milton friedman , a major advisor to republican u.s. president ronald reagan and conservative british prime minister margaret thatcher , george stigler , nobel laureate and proponent of regulatory capture theory , gary becker , an important contributor to the family economics branch of economics , herbert a. simon , responsible for the modern interpretation of the concept of organizational decision-making , paul samuelson , the first american to win the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , and eugene fama , known for his work on portfolio theory , asset pricing and stock market behaviour , are all graduates . <SEP> who ?
wbt will also simulcast the game on its sister station wbt-fm ( 99.3 fm ) , which is based in chester , south carolina . <SEP> in what city ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> which nfl team ?
the colonization of india in the mid-18th century offers an example of this focus : there , the " british exploited the political weakness of the mughal state , and , while military activity was important at various times , the economic and administrative incorporation of local elites was also of crucial significance " for the establishment of control over the subcontinent 's resources , markets , and manpower . <SEP> who ?
the lake is situated in germany , switzerland and austria near the alps . <SEP> what mountainous region ?
the university experienced its share of student unrest during the 1960s , beginning in 1962 , when students occupied president george beadle 's office in a protest over the university 's off-campus rental policies . <SEP> what ?
the third assessment report ( tar ) prominently featured a graph labeled " millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction " based on a 1999 paper by michael e. mann , raymond s. bradley and malcolm k. hughes ( mbh99 ) , which has been referred to as the " hockey stick graph " . <SEP> who ?
due to jacksonville 's low latitude and coastal location , the city sees very little cold weather , and winters are typically mild and sunny . <SEP> what ?
in 1536 , he began to suffer from kidney and bladder stones , and arthritis , and an ear infection ruptured an ear drum . <SEP> what ?
eu competition law has its origins in the european coal and steel community ( ecsc ) agreement between france , italy , belgium , the netherlands , luxembourg and germany in 1951 following the second world war . <SEP> what year ?
in 2005 the factory was sold to avtozaz , a ukrainian car manufacturer which assembled there the chevrolet aveo . <SEP> what ?
in honor of the occasion , then-mayor hans tanzler posed with actress lee meredith behind a sign marking the new border of the " bold new city of the south " at florida 13 and julington creek . <SEP> who ?
only several hundred are greater than magnitude 3.0 , and only about 15–20 are greater than magnitude 4.0. the magnitude 6.7 1994 northridge earthquake was particularly destructive , causing a substantial number of deaths , injuries , and structural collapses . <SEP> what magnitude ?
with 4:51 left in regulation , carolina got the ball on their own 24-yard line with a chance to mount a game-winning drive , and soon faced 3rd-and-9 . <SEP> on what yard line ?
the plowshares organization temporarily closed gcsb waihopai by padlocking the gates and using sickles to deflate one of the large domes covering two satellite dishes . <SEP> 
however , at wijk bij duurstede , the nederrijn changes its name and becomes the lek . <SEP> what ?
the activation of a resting helper t cell causes it to release cytokines that influence the activity of many cell types . <SEP> what chemicals ?
the committee created the 50 fund as its philanthropic initiative and focuses on providing grants to aid with youth development , community investment and sustainable environments . <SEP> what ?
british victories continued in all theaters in the annus mirabilis of 1759 , when they finally captured ticonderoga , james wolfe defeated montcalm at quebec ( in a battle that claimed the lives of both commanders ) , and victory at fort niagara successfully cut off the french frontier forts further to the west and south . <SEP> who ?
from wijk bij duurstede , the old north branch of the rhine is called kromme rijn ( " bent rhine " ) past utrecht , first leidse rijn ( " rhine of leiden " ) and then , oude rijn ( " old rhine " ) . <SEP> what part of the rhine ?
after compiling intelligence from many sources genghis khan carefully prepared his army , which was divided into three groups . <SEP> how many divisions ?
according to the new york times on july 22 , 2014 , the " richest 1 percent in the united states now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent " . <SEP> what publication ?
oxygen gas is increasingly obtained by these non-cryogenic technologies ( see also the related vacuum swing adsorption ) . <SEP> what type of technology ?
the initial lm model weighed approximately 33,300 pounds ( 15,100 kg ) , and allowed surface stays up to around 34 hours . <SEP> how much ?
in the church of england 's calendar of saints he is commemorated on 31 october . <SEP> on what english calendar ?
to link this to the rest of the museum , a new entrance building was constructed on the site of the former boiler house , the intended site of the spiral , between 1978 and 1982. this building is of concrete and very functional , the only embellishment being the iron gates by christopher hay and douglas coyne of the royal college of art . <SEP> what ?
the implication that the style of lace known as 'bucks point ' demonstrates a huguenot influence , being a " combination of mechlin patterns on lille ground " , is fallacious : what is now known as mechlin lace did not develop until first half of the eighteenth century and lace with mechlin patterns and lille ground did not appear until the end of the 18th century , when it was widely copied throughout europe . <SEP> what style of lace ?
ultimately the campaign to overthrow the government was unsuccessful , and the major jihadi group , jamaa islamiya ( or al-gama ' a al-islamiyya ) , renounced violence in 2003. other lesser known groups include the islamic liberation party , salvation from hell and takfir wal-hijra , and these groups have variously been involved in activities such as attempted assassinations of political figures , arson of video shops and attempted takeovers of government buildings . <SEP> when ?
the american football conference ( afc ) champion denver broncos defeated the national football conference ( nfc ) champion carolina panthers 24–10 to earn their third super bowl title . <SEP> who ?
he had to work at various electrical repair jobs and even as a ditch digger for $ 2 per day . <SEP> what ?
brownlee argues that disobedience in opposition to the decisions of non-governmental agencies such as trade unions , banks , and private universities can be justified if it reflects " a larger challenge to the legal system that permits those decisions to be taken " . <SEP> what reason ?
pharmacists are healthcare professionals with specialised education and training who perform various roles to ensure optimal health outcomes for their patients through the quality use of medicines . <SEP> what types of preparation ?
the hawaiian islands , for example , consist almost entirely of layered basaltic lava flows . <SEP> 
he was made to wake at four every morning for what has been described as " a day of rote learning and often wearying spiritual exercises . " <SEP> how ?
the united methodist church is one tradition within the christian church . <SEP> what ?
trained as a lawyer he chose the profession of journalism , and wrote about contemporary issues and most importantly about islam and islamic law . <SEP> 
in 1972 , the new rules resulted in the company 's decision to split abc films into two separate companies : the existing worldvision enterprises , which would produce and distribute programming for u.s. syndication , and abc circle films as a production unit . <SEP> what year ?
the theater was built in 1939 and is at olive and wishon avenues in the heart of the tower district . <SEP> when ?
the ottoman empire was an imperial state that lasted from 1299 to 1923. during the 16th and 17th centuries , in particular at the height of its power under the reign of suleiman the magnificent , the ottoman empire was a powerful multinational , multilingual empire controlling much of southeast europe , western asia , the caucasus , north africa , and the horn of africa . <SEP> when ?
these applications all requested for the stations to broadcast on vhf channel 7 , as frank marx , then abc 's vice-president of engineering , thought that the low-band vhf frequencies ( corresponding to channels 2 through 6 ) would be requisitioned from broadcasting use and reallocated for the u.s. army . <SEP> who ?
references to doctor who have also appeared in the young adult fantasy novels brisingr and high wizardry , the video game rock band , the soap opera eastenders , the adult swim comedy show robot chicken , the family guy episodes " blue harvest " and " 420 " , and the game runescape . <SEP> which family ?
a restartable version of the s-ivb was used as the third stage of the saturn v. the saturn ib could send over 40,000 pounds ( 18,100 kg ) into low earth orbit , sufficient for a partially fueled csm or the lm . <SEP> how much weight ?
he insisted that , since forgiveness was god 's alone to grant , those who claimed that indulgences absolved buyers from all punishments and granted them salvation were in error . <SEP> who ?
there are eight rows of combs that run from near the mouth to the opposite end , and are spaced evenly round the body . <SEP> how ?
one of the main functions of the chloroplast is its role in photosynthesis , the process by which light is transformed into chemical energy , to subsequently produce food in the form of sugars . <SEP> what ?
but once again they came up empty , this time as a result of a newton pass that bounced off the hands of ginn and was intercepted by safety t. j. ward . <SEP> which broncos player ?
the main architecture gallery has a series of pillars from various buildings and different periods , for example a column from the alhambra . <SEP> which ?
in 1882 , tesla began working for the continental edison company in france , designing and making improvements to electrical equipment . <SEP> where ?
this process , known to economists as rent-seeking , brings income not from creation of wealth but from " grabbing a larger share of the wealth that would otherwise have been produced without their effort " <SEP> 
despite waiving longtime running back deangelo williams and losing top wide receiver kelvin benjamin to a torn acl in the preseason , the carolina panthers had their best regular season in franchise history , becoming the seventh team to win at least 15 regular season games since the league expanded to a 16-game schedule in 1978. carolina started the season 14–0 , not only setting franchise records for the best start and the longest single-season winning streak , but also posting the best start to a season by an nfc team in nfl history , breaking the 13–0 record previously shared with the 2009 new orleans saints and the 2011 green bay packers . <SEP> what panther ?
the dornbirner ach had to be diverted , too , and it now flows parallel to the canalized rhine into the lake . <SEP> where ?
he opposed banning the publication of the qur'an , wanting it exposed to scrutiny . <SEP> what purpose ?
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status . <SEP> when ?
the latin translation de materia medica ( concerning medical substances ) was used a basis for many medieval texts , and was built upon by many middle eastern scientists during the islamic golden age . <SEP> who ?
on may 1 , 1953 , abc 's new york city flagship stations – wjz , wjz-fm and wjz-tv – changed their respective callsigns to wabc , wabc-fm and wabc-tv , and moved their operations to facilities at 7 west 66th street , one block away from central park . <SEP> when ?
they also plot and combine measurements of geological structures in order to better understand the orientations of faults and folds in order to reconstruct the history of rock deformation in the area . <SEP> 
the muslims in the semu class also revolted against the yuan dynasty in the ispah rebellion but the rebellion was crushed and the muslims were massacred by the yuan loyalist commander chen youding . <SEP> who ?
many rivers have been closed ( " dammed " ) and now serve as drainage channels for the numerous polders . <SEP> what ?
civil disobedience is one of the many ways people have rebelled against what they deem to be unfair laws . <SEP> what ?
the bbc , in conjunction with animation studio cosgrove hall , reconstructed the missing episodes 1 and 4 of the invasion ( 1968 ) , using remastered audio tracks and the comprehensive stage notes for the original filming , for the serial 's dvd release in november 2006. the missing episodes of the reign of terror were animated by animation company theta-sigma , in collaboration with big finish , and became available for purchase in may 2013 through amazon.com . <SEP> when ?
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring ( 500 points ) , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many ?
in the week before the launch , rumours started to surface that bskyb was having supply issues with its set top box ( stb ) from manufacturer thomson . <SEP> what ?
as with much of florida , tourism is also important to the jacksonville area , particularly tourism related to golf . <SEP> what sport ?
the taliban differed from other islamist movements to the point where they might be more properly described as islamic fundamentalist or neofundamentalist , interested in spreading " an idealized and systematized version of conservative tribal village customs " under the label of sharia to an entire country . <SEP> what ?
many times , teachers assist in learning outside of the classroom by accompanying students on field trips . <SEP> what ?
major amending treaties were signed to complete the development of a single , internal market in the single european act 1986 , to further the development of a more social europe in the treaty of amsterdam 1997 , and to make minor amendments to the relative power of member states in the eu institutions in the treaty of nice 2001 and the treaty of lisbon 2007. since its establishment , more member states have joined through a series of accession treaties , from the uk , ireland , denmark and norway in 1972 ( though norway did not end up joining ) , greece in 1979 , spain and portugal 1985 , austria , finland , norway and sweden in 1994 ( though again norway failed to join , because of lack of support in the referendum ) , the czech republic , cyprus , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia in 2004 , romania and bulgaria in 2007 and croatia in 2013. greenland signed a treaty in 1985 giving it a special status . <SEP> which country in 1985 ?
the lockstep situation of the ipcc is having built a broad science consensus while states and governments still follow different , if not opposing goals . <SEP> whose goals often still ?
the work of modernists in the collection include le corbusier , marcel breuer , charles and ray eames , and giò ponti . <SEP> which husband and wife modern furniture design team ?
hollywood , a district within los angeles , is also a name associated with the motion picture industry . <SEP> what ?
his last sermon was delivered at eisleben , his place of birth , on 15 february 1546 , three days before his death . <SEP> when ?
after world war ii , under a communist regime set up by the conquering soviets , the " bricks for warsaw " campaign was initiated , and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in warsaw to address the housing shortage , along with other typical buildings of an eastern bloc city , such as the palace of culture and science , a gift from the soviet union . <SEP> what ?
mercury is the working fluid in the mercury vapor turbine . <SEP> what working fluid ?
six of the seven lines of the commuter rail system , metrolink , run out of downtown los angeles , connecting los angeles , ventura , san bernardino , riverside , orange , and san diego counties with the other line connecting san bernardino , riverside , and orange counties directly . <SEP> how many lines ?
from the eocene onwards , the ongoing alpine orogeny caused a n–s rift system to develop in this zone . <SEP> what rift system ?
the serial format changed for the 2005 revival , with each series usually consisting of 13 45-minute , self-contained episodes ( 60 minutes with adverts , on overseas commercial channels ) , and an extended episode broadcast on christmas day . <SEP> how long ?
the movie of the week broadcast feature-length dramatic films directed by such talented filmmakers as aaron spelling , david wolper and steven spielberg ( the latter of whom gained early success through the showcase for his 1971 film duel ) that were produced on an average budget of $ 400,000– $ 450,000 . <SEP> for which abc movie of the week film ?
it also means states can be responsible for private actors . <SEP> for what ?
the first full-scale working railway steam locomotive was built by richard trevithick in the united kingdom and , on 21 february 1804 , the world 's first railway journey took place as trevithick 's unnamed steam locomotive hauled a train along the tramway from the pen-y-darren ironworks , near merthyr tydfil to abercynon in south wales . <SEP> in what ?
physicists are still attempting to develop self-consistent unification models that would combine all four fundamental interactions into a theory of everything . <SEP> what kind of self-consistent models ?
in 1926 , tesla commented on the ills of the social subservience of women and the struggle of women toward gender equality , and indicated that humanity 's future would be run by " queen bees . " <SEP> who ?
in afghanistan , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviet union in the 1980s did not lead to justice and prosperity , due to a vicious and destructive civil war between political and tribal warlords , making afghanistan one of the poorest countries on earth . <SEP> what ?
in the united kingdom , bbc radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will carry the contest . <SEP> what bbc radio station ?
doctor who first appeared on bbc tv at 17:16:20 gmt , eighty seconds after the scheduled programme time , 5:15 pm , on saturday , 23 november 1963. it was to be a regular weekly programme , each episode 25 minutes of transmission length . <SEP> what ?
the yuan dynasty was the first time that non-native chinese people ruled all of china . <SEP> 
alternatively , if an external force acts on the system , then the center of mass will experience an acceleration proportional to the magnitude of the external force divided by the mass of the system . <SEP> what ?
the victorian constitution can be amended by the parliament of victoria , except for certain " entrenched " provisions that require either an absolute majority in both houses , a three-fifths majority in both houses , or the approval of the victorian people in a referendum , depending on the provision . <SEP> what group ?
it offered a classic curriculum on the english university model—​​many leaders in the colony had attended the university of cambridge—​​but conformed puritanism . <SEP> after what ?
with abc1 's shutdown that october , the company 's attempt to develop abc international were discontinued . <SEP> what developmental network ?
from italy , the disease spread northwest across europe , striking france , spain , portugal and england by june 1348 , then turned and spread east through germany and scandinavia from 1348 to 1350. it was introduced in norway in 1349 when a ship landed at askøy , then spread to bjørgvin ( modern bergen ) and iceland . <SEP> when ?
tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the united states in 1884 to work for thomas edison in new york city . <SEP> in what area of the united states ?
the measurement is technically difficult owing to the low signal-to-noise ratio and the physical structure of vegetation ; but it has been proposed as a possible method of monitoring the carbon cycle from satellites on a global scale . <SEP> what ?
bethencourt took the title of king of the canary islands , as vassal to henry iii of castile . <SEP> who ?
the treaties limit free trade , to prioritise other values such as public health , consumer protection , labour rights , fair competition , and environmental improvement . <SEP> what ?
despite this , he had a profound respect for both buddhism and christianity . <SEP> which two religions ?
unlike confirmation and profession of faith , baptism is a sacrament in the umc . <SEP> what ?
an attorney may seek changes or exemptions in the law that governs the land where the building will be built , either by arguing that a rule is inapplicable ( the bridge design will not cause a collapse ) , or that the custom is no longer needed ( acceptance of live-work spaces has grown in the community ) . <SEP> who ?
all these molecules initiate retrograde signaling—signals from the chloroplast that regulate gene expression in the nucleus . <SEP> what ?
manning was the # 1 selection of the 1998 nfl draft , while newton was picked first in 2011. the matchup also pits the top two picks of the 2011 draft against each other : newton for carolina and von miller for denver . <SEP> 
they have extensive botanical collection of rare domestic and foreign plants , while a palm house in the new orangery displays plants of subtropics from all over the world . <SEP> where ?
other components are often present ; pumps ( such as an injector ) to supply water to the boiler during operation , condensers to recirculate the water and recover the latent heat of vaporisation , and superheaters to raise the temperature of the steam above its saturated vapour point , and various mechanisms to increase the draft for fireboxes . <SEP> what components ?
in australia , the show has had a strong fan base since its inception , having been exclusively first run by the australian broadcasting corporation ( abc ) since january 1965. the abc has periodically repeated episodes ; of note were the weekly screenings of all available classic episodes starting in 2003 , for the show 's 40th anniversary , and the weekdaily screenings of all available revived episodes in 2013 for the show 's 50th anniversary . <SEP> what ?
the aauw study , however , posed questions about fourteen types of sexual harassment and various degrees of frequency and included only abuses by teachers . <SEP> what study ?
this comprises more than 60 % of the state 's total land surface . <SEP> how much percentage of victoria 's land ?
huguenot regiments fought for william of orange in the williamite war in ireland , for which they were rewarded with land grants and titles , many settling in dublin . <SEP> what war in ireland ?
peyton manning became the first quarterback ever to lead two different teams to multiple super bowls . <SEP> who ?
britain 's imperialist ambitions can be seen as early as the sixteenth century . <SEP> when ?
it was also the final year that doritos , a longtime sponsor of the game , held its " crash the super bowl " contest that allowed viewers to create their own doritos ads for a chance to have it aired during the game . <SEP> what ?
outside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips , supervise study halls , help with the organization of school functions , and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities . <SEP> what ?
as far as programming is concerned , four of abc 's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s : laverne & shirley ended its run in 1983 , happy days and three 's company ended in 1984 ( with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year ) , while the love boat ended its run in 1986. after nearly a decade of ratings trouble , nbc had regained the ratings lead among the big three networks in 1984 on the success of series such as the cosby show , cheers and miami vice . <SEP> which sitcom ?
morgan was shocked by the reminder of his part in the stock market crash and by tesla 's breach of contract by asking for more funds . <SEP> how ?
the official designation for pharmacists who pass the ambulatory care pharmacy specialty certification exam will be board certified ambulatory care pharmacist and these pharmacists will carry the initials bcacp . <SEP> what ?
corporal punishment in american schools is administered to the seat of the student 's trousers or skirt with a specially made wooden paddle . <SEP> what tool ?
during this time , the discovery of oil in the north sea and the following " it 's scotland 's oil " campaign of the scottish national party ( snp ) resulted in rising support for scottish independence , as well as the snp . <SEP> what campaigh ?
contrasting from britain , france sent small numbers of settlers to its colonies , with the only notable exception of algeria , where french settlers nevertheless always remained a small minority . <SEP> where ?
his successor louis xiii , under the regency of his italian catholic mother marie de ' medici , became more intolerant of protestantism . <SEP> which successor to henry ?
newton 's third law is a result of applying symmetry to situations where forces can be attributed to the presence of different objects . <SEP> when ?
stress can be caused by organizational change , relationships with students , fellow teachers , and administrative personnel , working environment , expectations to substitute , long hours with a heavy workload , and inspections . <SEP> what ?
on june 4 , 2014 , the nfl announced that the practice of branding super bowl games with roman numerals , a practice established at super bowl v , would be temporarily suspended , and that the game would be named using arabic numerals as super bowl 50 as opposed to super bowl l. the use of roman numerals will be reinstated for super bowl li . <SEP> in what year ?
in 1861 , tesla attended the " lower " or " primary " school in smiljan where he studied german , arithmetic , and religion . <SEP> what language ?
the discourse of orientalism therefore served as an ideological justification of early western imperialism , as it formed a body of knowledge and ideas that rationalized social , cultural , political , and economic control of other territories . <SEP> what ?
this makes the apicoplast an attractive target for drugs to cure apicomplexan-related diseases . <SEP> what kind of diseases ?
this is true even though another person who is observing the moving vehicle pass by also observes the ball follow a curving parabolic path in the same direction as the motion of the vehicle . <SEP> what path ?
in the 9th , it formed part of the border between middle and western francia , but in the 10th century , it was fully within the holy roman empire , flowing through swabia , franconia and lower lorraine . <SEP> 
the panthers seemed primed to score on their opening drive of the second half when newton completed a 45-yard pass to ted ginn jr. on the denver 35-yard line on their second offensive play . <SEP> who ?
in 1891 scottish chemist james dewar was able to produce enough liquid oxygen to study . <SEP> in what year ?
for i acknowledge none of them to be really a book of mine , except perhaps the bondage of the will and the catechism . " <SEP> what ?
tesla claimed to have developed his own physical principle regarding matter and energy that he started working on in 1892 , and in 1937 , at age 81 , claimed in a letter to have completed a " dynamic theory of gravity " that " [ would ] put an end to idle speculations and false conceptions , as that of curved space . " <SEP> how old ?
most of them were destroyed in the aftermath of the warsaw uprising of 1944. after the war , the new communist authorities of poland discouraged church construction and only a small number were rebuilt . <SEP> when ?
new forms include partnering such as public-private partnering ( ppps ) aka private finance initiatives ( pfis ) and alliances such as " pure " or " project " alliances and " impure " or " strategic " alliances . <SEP> what ?
the style adopted for this part of the museum was italian renaissance , much use was made of terracotta , brick and mosaic , this north façade was intended as the main entrance to the museum with its bronze doors designed by james gamble & reuben townroe having six panels depicting : humphry davy ( chemistry ) ; isaac newton ( astronomy ) ; james watt ( mechanics ) ; bramante ( architecture ) ; michelangelo ( sculpture ) ; titian ( painting ) ; thus representing the range of the museums collections , godfrey sykes also designed the terracotta embellishments and the mosaic in the pediment of the north façade commemorating the great exhibition the profits from which helped to fund the museum , this is flanked by terracotta statue groups by percival ball . <SEP> what italian painter ?
from 2005 to 2014 , there were two major league soccer teams in los angeles — the la galaxy and chivas usa — that both played at the stubhub center and were local rivals . <SEP> which year ?
on june 16 , 2007 , abc began to phase in a new imaging campaign for the upcoming 2007–08 season , " start here " . <SEP> what ?
paleoclimatologists measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 in the shells and skeletons of marine organisms to determine what the climate was like millions of years ago ( see oxygen isotope ratio cycle ) . <SEP> what group of scientists ?
different ways to teach are often referred to as pedagogy . <SEP> what ?
prior to the early 1960s , access to the forest 's interior was highly restricted , and the forest remained basically intact . <SEP> 
following their loss in the divisional round of the previous season 's playoffs , the denver broncos underwent numerous coaching changes , including a mutual parting with head coach john fox ( who had won four divisional championships in his four years as broncos head coach ) , and the hiring of gary kubiak as the new head coach . <SEP> what coach ?
while the determination of responsibility for the accident was complex , the review board concluded that " deficiencies existed in command module design , workmanship and quality control . " <SEP> what ?
a french church in portarlington dates back to 1696 , and was built to serve the significant new huguenot community in the town . <SEP> when ?
with over 600,000 drawings , over 750,000 papers and paraphernalia , and over 700,000 photographs from around the world , together they form the world 's most comprehensive architectural resource . <SEP> approximately how many ?
french irregular forces ( canadian scouts and indians ) harassed fort william henry throughout the first half of 1757. in january they ambushed british rangers near ticonderoga . <SEP> what troops ?
the different islamist movements have been described as " oscillating between two poles " : at one end is a strategy of islamization of society through state power seized by revolution or invasion ; at the other " reformist " pole islamists work to islamize society gradually " from the bottom up " . <SEP> 
the university of chicago agreed to confer a degree on any graduating senior from an affiliated school who made a grade of a for all four years , and on any other graduate who took twelve weeks additional study at the university of chicago . <SEP> that ?
informal learning may be assisted by a teacher occupying a transient or ongoing role , such as a family member , or by anyone with knowledge or skills in the wider community setting . <SEP> what ?
combining these ideas gives a formula that relates the mass ( ) and the radius ( ) of the earth to the gravitational acceleration : <SEP> what ?
the city 's speedway team newcastle diamonds are based at brough park in byker , a venue that is also home to greyhound racing . <SEP> what ?
in 1888 , the editor of electrical world magazine , thomas commerford martin ( a friend and publicist ) , arranged for tesla to demonstrate his alternating current system , including his induction motor , at the american institute of electrical engineers ( now ieee ) . <SEP> who ?
goldenson added to the confusion when , in october 1954 , he proposed a merger between upt and the dumont television network , which was also mired in financial trouble . <SEP> 
every may since 1987 , the university of chicago has held the university of chicago scavenger hunt , in which large teams of students compete to obtain notoriously esoteric items from a list . <SEP> in what month ?
members may also receive higher wages through collective bargaining , political influence , or corruption . <SEP> what ?
the phylum has a wide range of body forms , including the flattened , deep-sea platyctenids , in which the adults of most species lack combs , and the coastal beroids , which lack tentacles and prey on other ctenophores by using huge mouths armed with groups of large , stiffened cilia that act as teeth . <SEP> what ?
the scottish parliament has conducted debates in the gaelic language . <SEP> what language other than english ?
i feel i did the right thing by violating this particular law ; i am guilty as charged , " but that pleading not guilty sends a message of , " guilt implies wrong-doing . <SEP> why ?
he came back to lahore in 1908. while dividing his time between law practice and philosophical poetry , iqbal had remained active in the muslim league . <SEP> what year ?
oxygen is the oxidant , not the fuel , but nevertheless the source of most of the chemical energy released in combustion . <SEP> what ?
on april 20 , kennedy sent a memo to vice president lyndon b. johnson , asking johnson to look into the status of america 's space program , and into programs that could offer nasa the opportunity to catch up . <SEP> who ?
basic formal education starts at age six years and lasts 12 years comprising eight years in primary school and four years in high school or secondary school . <SEP> what ?
most species are hermaphrodites—a single animal can produce both eggs and sperm , meaning it can fertilize its own egg , not needing a mate . <SEP> what gender ?
attendance at the 2003 meeting included 350 government officials and climate change experts . <SEP> what kind of people ?
in the u.s. federal health care system ( including the va , the indian health service , and nih ) ambulatory care pharmacists are given full independent prescribing authority . <SEP> what entities ?
pyrenoids can divide to form new pyrenoids , or be produced " de novo " . <SEP> how ?
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us . <SEP> what ?
westwood one will carry the game throughout north america , with kevin harlan as play-by-play announcer , boomer esiason and dan fouts as color analysts , and james lofton and mark malone as sideline reporters . <SEP> what area ?
luther 's 1541 hymn " christ unser herr zum jordan kam " ( " to jordan came the christ our lord " ) reflects the structure and substance of his questions and answers concerning baptism in the small catechism . <SEP> what ?
in hinduism the spiritual teacher is known as a guru , and , in many traditions of hinduism - especially those common in the west - the emphasis on spiritual mentorship is extremely high , with gurus often exercising a great deal of control over the lives of their disciples . <SEP> who ?
the great distances and the nature of what tesla was detecting from lightning storms confirmed his belief that the earth had a resonant frequency . <SEP> what ?
tancred was instrumental in the conquest of jerusalem and he worked for the expansion of the crusader kingdom in transjordan and the region of galilee . <SEP> what major conquest ?
a revised version of gold 's 2010 arrangement had its debut over the opening titles of the 2012 christmas special " the snowmen " , and a further revision of the arrangement was made for the 50th anniversary special " the day of the doctor " in november 2013 . <SEP> who ?
free movement of goods within the european union is achieved by a customs union , and the principle of non-discrimination . <SEP> what ?
it upholds the concept of the " visible and invisible church , " meaning that all who are truly believers in every age belong to the holy church invisible , while the united methodist church is a branch of the church visible , to which all believers must be connected as it is the only institution wherein the word of god is preached and the sacraments are administered . <SEP> what ?
the network 's lead broadcast team of jim nantz and phil simms called the contest , with tracy wolfson and evan washburn on the sidelines . <SEP> where ?
on 31 december 1687 the first organised group of huguenots set sail from the netherlands to the dutch east india company post at the cape of good hope . <SEP> what trading company ?
this was a huge influx as the entire population of the dutch republic amounted to ca . 2 million at that time . <SEP> what ?
after the founding of the colony of new south wales in 1788 , australia was divided into an eastern half named new south wales and a western half named new holland , under the administration of the colonial government in sydney . <SEP> when ?
the park has a multi-use amphitheatre that seats up to 2,500 people , authentic japanese garden , fenced dog park , two-mile ( 3 km ) equestrian trail , exercise par course , three children 's playgrounds , a lake , 3 small ponds , 7 picnic areas and five miles ( 8 km ) of multipurpose trails that are part of the san joaquin river parkway 's lewis s. eaton trail . <SEP> how many seats ?
its saturn ib was allocated to the dual mission , now redesignated as-205/208 or as-258 , planned for august 1967. mcdivitt , scott and schweickart were promoted to the prime as-258 crew , and schirra , eisele and cunningham were reassigned as the apollo 1 backup crew . <SEP> where ?
for the next three hundred years , scotland was directly governed by the parliament of great britain and the subsequent parliament of the united kingdom , both seated at westminster , and the lack of a parliament of scotland remained an important element in scottish national identity . <SEP> how many hundred of years ?
large-scale regeneration has replaced former shipping premises with imposing new office developments ; an innovative tilting bridge , the gateshead millennium bridge was commissioned by gateshead council and has integrated the older newcastle quayside more closely with major cultural developments in gateshead , including the baltic centre for contemporary art , the venue for the turner prize 2011 and the norman foster-designed the sage gateshead music centre . <SEP> who ?
some historians have noted that genghis khan instituted certain levels of meritocracy in his rule , was tolerant of religions and explained his policies clearly to all his soldiers . <SEP> what ?
in afghanistan , the mujahideen 's victory against the soviet union in the 1980s did not lead to justice and prosperity , due to a vicious and destructive civil war between political and tribal warlords , making afghanistan one of the poorest countries on earth . <SEP> 
over the next five years , tesla wrote over 50 letters to morgan , pleading for and demanding additional funding to complete the construction of wardenclyffe . <SEP> why ?
voters outside the city limits rejected annexation plans in six referendums between 1960 and 1965 . <SEP> who ?
largely developed in the 1950s through the 1970s , it has recently experienced a surge in new home construction . <SEP> when ?
following the arab spring , roy has described islamism as " increasingly interdependent " with democracy in much of the arab muslim world , such that " neither can now survive without the other . " <SEP> what ?
the division process starts when the proteins ftsz1 and ftsz2 assemble into filaments , and with the help of a protein arc6 , form a structure called a z-ring within the chloroplast 's stroma . <SEP> what ?
the age of imperialism , a time period beginning around 1700 , saw ( generally european ) industrializing nations engaging in the process of colonizing , influencing , and annexing other parts of the world in order to gain political power . <SEP> when ?
these engines are mainly used in toys and models , because of their simplicity , but have also been used in full size working engines , mainly on ships where their compactness is valued . <SEP> what ?
in old or stressed chloroplasts , plastoglobuli tend to occur in linked groups or chains , still always anchored to a thylakoid . <SEP> when ?
the centre refreshment room 1865–77 was designed in a renaissance style by james gamble , the walls and even the ionic columns are covered in decorative and moulded ceramic tile , the ceiling consists of elaborate designs on enamelled metal sheets and matching stained-glass windows , the marble fireplace was designed and sculpted by alfred stevens and was removed from dorchester house prior to that building 's demolition in 1929. the grill room 1876–81 was designed by sir edward poynter , the lower part of the walls consist of blue and white tiles with various figures and foliage enclosed by wood panelling , above there are large tiled scenes with figures depicting the four seasons and the twelve months these were painted by ladies from the art school then based in the museum , the windows are also stained glass , there is an elaborate cast-iron grill still in place . <SEP> who ?
next , the two plastid-dividing rings , or pd rings form . <SEP> how many pd rings ?
a 2000 study found that 42 % of uk teachers experienced occupational stress , twice the figure for the average profession . <SEP> how much higher ?
the official record high temperature for fresno is 115 °f ( 46.1 °c ) , set on july 8 , 1905 , while the official record low is 17 °f ( −8 °c ) , set on january 6 , 1913. the average windows for 100 °f ( 37.8 °c ) + , 90 °f ( 32.2 °c ) + , and freezing temperatures are june 1 thru september 13 , april 26 thru october 9 , and december 10 thru january 28 , respectively , and no freeze occurred between in the 1983/1984 season . <SEP> what ?
modern primality tests for general numbers n can be divided into two main classes , probabilistic ( or " monte carlo " ) and deterministic algorithms . <SEP> how many modern types of primality tests for general numbers n ?
gasquet ( 1908 ) claimed that the latin name atra mors ( black death ) for the 14th-century epidemic first appeared in modern times in 1631 in a book on danish history by j.i . <SEP> what ?
other important complexity classes include bpp , zpp and rp , which are defined using probabilistic turing machines ; ac and nc , which are defined using boolean circuits ; and bqp and qma , which are defined using quantum turing machines . <SEP> what ?
the college of the university of chicago grants bachelor of arts and bachelor of science degrees in 50 academic majors and 28 minors . <SEP> how many academic minors ?
in general there were very few north chinese or southerners reaching the highest-post in the government compared with the possibility that persians did so in the ilkhanate . <SEP> where ?
this language was the forerunner of modern english ; but while the dialects of other english regions have been heavily altered by the influences of other foreign languages—particularly latin and norman french—the geordie dialect retains many elements of the old language . <SEP> what ?
the company installed electrical arc light based illumination systems designed by tesla and also had designs for dynamo electric machine commutators , the first patents issued to tesla in the us . <SEP> what ?
the colorado experiments had prepared tesla for the establishment of the trans-atlantic wireless telecommunications facility known as wardenclyffe near shoreham , long island . <SEP> what ?
more recently , in january 2015 , oxfam reported that the wealthiest 1 percent will own more than half of the global wealth by 2016. an october 2014 study by credit suisse also claims that the top 1 % now own nearly half of the world 's wealth and that the accelerating disparity could trigger a recession . <SEP> how much of the global wealth ?
the plant cells which contain chloroplasts are usually parenchyma cells , though chloroplasts can also be found in collenchyma tissue . <SEP> where ?
luther 's pamphlets against the church and the hierarchy , often worded with " liberal " phraseology , now led many peasants to believe he would support an attack on the upper classes in general . <SEP> who ?
parachutes were carried to slow its descent to splashdown . <SEP> what ?
oxygen condenses at 90.20 k ( −182.95 °c , −297.31 °f ) , and freezes at 54.36 k ( −218.79 °c , −361.82 °f ) . <SEP> at what temperature ?
it flows farther west , to rejoin the noord river into the nieuwe maas and to the north sea . <SEP> where ?
the revocation forbade protestant services , required education of children as catholics , and prohibited emigration . <SEP> what ?
in the years of 1994–1999 the mayor of the district centrum automatically was designated as the president of warsaw : the mayor of centrum was elected by the district council of centrum and the council was elected only by the centrum residents . <SEP> what district of warsaw ?
train operator virgin trains east coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to london king 's cross , with a journey time of about three hours , these services call at durham , darlington , york , doncaster , newark north gate and peterborough and north to scotland with all trains calling at edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to glasgow , aberdeen and inverness . <SEP> where ?
apollo 5 ( as-204 ) was the first unmanned test flight of lm in earth orbit , launched from pad 37 on january 22 , 1968 , by the saturn ib that would have been used for apollo 1. the lm engines were successfully test-fired and restarted , despite a computer programming error which cut short the first descent stage firing . <SEP> which apollo ?
it is now used to jointly house the prints and architectural drawings of the v & a ( prints , drawings , paintings and photographs ) and royal institute of british architects ( riba drawings and archives collections ) ; and the sackler centre for arts education , which opened in 2008 . <SEP> in which year ?
in literature , author of the new york times bestseller before i fall lauren oliver , pulitzer prize winning novelist philip roth , canadian-born pulitzer prize and nobel prize for literature winning writer saul bellow , political philosopher , literary critic and author of the new york times bestseller " the closing of the american mind " allan bloom , " the good war " author studs terkel , american writer , essayist , filmmaker , teacher , and political activist susan sontag , analytic philosopher and stanford university professor of comparative literature richard rorty , and american writer and satirist kurt vonnegut are notable alumni . <SEP> what ?
st. george 's united methodist church , located at the corner of 4th and new streets , in the old city neighborhood of philadelphia , is the oldest methodist church in continuous use in the united states , beginning in 1769. the congregation was founded in 1767 , meeting initially in a sail loft on dock street , and in 1769 it purchased the shell of a building which had been erected in 1763 by a german reformed congregation . <SEP> where ?
the game was played on february 7 , 2016 , at levi 's stadium in the san francisco bay area at santa clara , california . <SEP> what stadium ?
william shirley , the expansionist governor of the province of massachusetts bay , was particularly forceful , stating that british colonists would not be safe as long as the french were present . <SEP> how ?
the waxy cuticle of many leaves , the exoskeleton of insects , the shells and membranes of externally deposited eggs , and skin are examples of mechanical barriers that are the first line of defense against infection . <SEP> what ?
" :245 there were unsubstantiated rumors at the time that tesla and/or edison had refused the prize . <SEP> what ?
the panthers offense , which led the nfl in scoring ( 500 points ) , was loaded with talent , boasting six pro bowl selections . <SEP> how many touchdowns ?
these include the miller–rabin primality test , which is fast but has a small probability of error , and the aks primality test , which always produces the correct answer in polynomial time but is too slow to be practical . <SEP> what ?
tasks and privileges , which are possessed by the units of the second level of the territorial division – counties or powiats . <SEP> what ?
in a 2003 case , commission v italy italian law required that cocoa products that included other vegetable fats could not be labelled as " chocolate " . <SEP> which year ?
the table under present-day education in kenya below shows the structure of the 8–4–4 system . <SEP> what ?
one early map shows a village called ossachite at the site of what is now downtown jacksonville ; this may be the earliest recorded name for that area . <SEP> what ?
simpson 's first doctor who score was planet of giants ( 1964 ) and he went on to write music for many adventures of the 1960s and 1970s , including most of the stories of the jon pertwee/tom baker periods , ending with the horns of nimon ( 1979 ) . <SEP> in what ?
the latter formula can be shown using bertrand 's postulate ( proven first by chebyshev ) , which states that there always exists at least one prime number p with n < p < 2n − 2 , for any natural number n > 3. however , computing a or μ requires the knowledge of infinitely many primes to begin with . <SEP> who ?
a method to lessen the magnitude of this heating and cooling was invented in 1804 by british engineer arthur woolf , who patented his woolf high-pressure compound engine in 1805. in the compound engine , high-pressure steam from the boiler expands in a high-pressure ( hp ) cylinder and then enters one or more subsequent lower-pressure ( lp ) cylinders . <SEP> what nationality ?
it is only when observing the motion in a global sense that the curvature of space-time can be observed and the force is inferred from the object 's curved path . <SEP> in what sense ?
in the united states , the umc ranks as the largest mainline protestant denomination , the largest protestant church after the southern baptist convention , and the third largest christian denomination . <SEP> what ?
close , sandhill and quayside contain modern buildings as well as structures dating from the 15th–18th centuries , including bessie surtees house , the cooperage and lloyds quayside bars , derwentwater house and " house of tides " , a restaurant situated at a grade i-listed 16th century merchant 's house at 28–30 close . <SEP> what kind of buildings ?
non-religious private schools theoretically could qualify for such funding without hassle , preferring the advantages of independent control of their student admissions and course content instead of the public funding they could get with charter status . <SEP> 
on september 30 , 1960 , abc premiered the flintstones , another example of counterprogramming ; although the animated series from william hanna and joseph barbera was filmed in color from the beginning , it was initially broadcast in black-and-white , as abc had not made the necessary technical upgrades to broadcast its programming in color at the time . <SEP> who ?
tesla , like many of his era , became a proponent of an imposed selective breeding version of eugenics . <SEP> what idea ?
the mouth of the rhine into lake constance forms an inland delta . <SEP> which lake ?
the episode " the time of the doctor " depicted the doctor acquiring a new cycle of regenerations , starting from the twelfth doctor , due to the eleventh doctor being the product of the doctor 's twelfth regeneration from his original set . <SEP> in what ?
like other national british museums , entrance to the museum has been free since 2001 . <SEP> in which year ?
tesla 's mother , đuka tesla ( née mandić ) , whose father was also an orthodox priest , :10 had a talent for making home craft tools , mechanical appliances , and the ability to memorize serbian epic poems . <SEP> what ?
during his second year of study at graz , tesla developed a passion for ( and became very proficient at ) billiards , chess and card-playing , sometimes spending more than 48 hours in a stretch at a gaming table . <SEP> how long ?
continual motion along the fault maintains the topographic gradient in spite of the movement of sediment , and continues to create accommodation space for the material to deposit . <SEP> what activity ?
he continued to work on refining the translation until the end of his life . <SEP> what ?
british imperialism often used the concept of terra nullius ( latin expression which stems from roman law meaning 'empty land ' ) . <SEP> 
rhodoplasts synthesize a form of starch called floridean , which collects into granules outside the rhodoplast , in the cytoplasm of the red alga . <SEP> what ?
the principal treaties that form the european union began with common rules for coal and steel , and then atomic energy , but more complete and formal institutions were established through the treaty of rome 1957 and the maastricht treaty 1992 ( now : tfeu ) . <SEP> which two treaties ?
the annual conference , roughly the equivalent of a diocese in the anglican communion and the roman catholic church or a synod in some lutheran denominations such as the evangelical lutheran church in america , is the basic unit of organization within the umc . <SEP> what ?
later in life , tesla made claims concerning a " teleforce " weapon after studying the van de graaff generator . <SEP> what ?
it permitted anyone to kill luther without legal consequence . <SEP> what ?
the cestida ( " belt animals " ) are ribbon-shaped planktonic animals , with the mouth and aboral organ aligned in the middle of opposite edges of the ribbon . <SEP> which species ?
luther refused to recant his writings . <SEP> what ?
the mongol custom of long standing quda/marriage alliance with mongol clans , the onggirat , and the ikeres , kept the imperial blood purely mongol until the reign of tugh temur , whose mother was a tangut concubine . <SEP> which ?
the common allotrope of elemental oxygen on earth is called dioxygen , o 2. it is the form that is a major part of the earth 's atmosphere ( see occurrence ) . <SEP> what ?
opposition members can table " wrecking amendments " to the bill , designed to thwart further progress and take up parliamentary time , to cause the bill to fall without a final vote being taken . <SEP> what type ?
walt wanted abc to invest $ 500,000 and accrued a guarantee of $ 4.5 million in additional loans , a third of the budget intended for the park . <SEP> how much ?
in the early 1970s , jon pertwee , who had played the third doctor , recorded a version of the doctor who theme with spoken lyrics , titled , " who is the doctor " . <SEP> who ?
surveys of plague pit remains in france and england indicate the first variant entered europe through the port of marseille around november 1347 and spread through france over the next two years , eventually reaching england in the spring of 1349 , where it spread through the country in three epidemics . <SEP> how and when ?
the ability of the immune system to respond to pathogens is diminished in both the young and the elderly , with immune responses beginning to decline at around 50 years of age due to immunosenescence . <SEP> at what age ?
founded by the american baptist education society with a donation from oil magnate and wealthiest man in history john d. rockefeller , the university of chicago was incorporated in 1890 ; william rainey harper became the university 's first president in 1891 , and the first classes were held in 1892. both harper and future president robert maynard hutchins advocated for chicago 's curriculum to be based upon theoretical and perennial issues rather than on applied sciences and commercial utility . <SEP> what year ?
the annual animal migration occurs between june and september with millions of animals taking part , attracting valuable foreign tourism . <SEP> when ?
following the election of the uk labour party to government in 1997 , the uk formally subscribed to the agreement on social policy , which allowed it to be included with minor amendments as the social chapter of the 1997 treaty of amsterdam . <SEP> when ?
six-time grammy winner and academy award nominee lady gaga performed the national anthem , while academy award winner marlee matlin provided american sign language ( asl ) translation . <SEP> how many ?
this action was upheld because , according to the u.s. court of appeals for the first circuit , her statement suggested a lack of remorse , an attempt to avoid responsibility for her actions , and even a likelihood of repeating her illegal actions . <SEP> why ?
however , there is a chasm in the perception of his brutality . <SEP> what ?
